 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  June 6, 2024 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Monday, 
June 3, 2024 at 2:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the quarter and 
year ended on March 31, 2024.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- www.macpowercnc.com.   
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
KISHOR KIKANI 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHA
I KIKANI
Digitally signed by 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHAI 
KIKANI 
Date: 2024.06.06 
18:02:41 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Macpower CNC Machines Ltd 
 
Q4 & FY24 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
June 3, 2024 02:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Rupesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director 
Rajnikant Raja – Chief Financial Officer 
Kishor Kikani – Company Secretary 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
Disclaimer: - This transcript is edited for factual errors. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. I welcome you all to the Q4 
and FY'24 Post Earnings Conference Call of Macpower CNC 
Machines Limited. Today on the call from the management we have 
with us Mr. Rupesh Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Rajnikant Raja, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Kishor Kikani, 
Company Secretary. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for quarter and the year that went by, the 
growth plans and vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone First of all, I honestly welcome you all to 
Q4 and FY '24 post result conference call. Thank you very much for 
believing in Macpower as an investor, I want to assure you that we are 
fully committed to maximizing the value of our shareholders and we 
promise to deliver the best of us. 
 
With your support and backing, we are confident to achieve every 
greater heights in the days to come. We will have a brief about the 
overall performance of the company, for the quarter and the year-
ended. The financial results have been posted on the company's 
website and hope you all have had an opportunity to go through the 
same. 
 
Let's explain the overall performance of the company. This Q4 FY '24, 
has been remarkable by Macpower. It's remarkable highest 
performance in the history of Macpower in terms of all the aspects 
like revenue, EBITDA margin, PAT, EPS, order book, et cetera. And 
also, break past all the highest records. I am delighted to announce 
that the company has achieved the growth whatever we promise. 
 
And we recommended a final dividend 15% which we promised in our 
dividend policy. So if you all have presentation, I would like to give 
you the highlights about the quarter four revenue. Quarter four, 2023 
versus quarter four, 2024. The revenue was 54.3 Cr increased to 71.3 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Cr, which is 31% increased. And this quarter four revenue is the 
highest ever revenue in Macpower history in all the quarters. 
 
In the EBITDA margin, in the terms of the percentage EBITDA 
margin, quarter four, 2023 was 9.3%. And quarter four, 2024 it 
increased to 18%, nearly double. So EBITDA margin is also a double 
in this quarter four 2024 versus quarter four, 2023. And in also same 
thing, in the PAT margin, PAT in  quarter four, 2023 was ₹3 crore, 
which increased to ₹9 crore in quarter four, 2024. It almost three 
times. So PAT margin is also increased. And same thing is increased 
by EPS in quarter four 2024. 
 
Last year, Quarter four, 2023 EPS was ₹3. And now it's ₹9 in Quarter 
four, 2024. So it's almost three times. Now I would like to give you 
brief about annual revenue, which also a highest ever in Macpower 
history. 2023 revenue was ₹202 crores, which increased to ₹241 crore 
in 2024. And similarly, annually'23 EBITDA margin in percentage 
was 10.2, which increased to 14.7% in 2024 and EBITDA revenue 
₹20.7 crores in 2023, which increased to ₹35.3 crores in 2024. So 
almost 71% increase in the EBITDA  
 
And in PAT year-on-year, FY '23 was ₹12.9Cr, and PAT Margin was 
6.4%, which increased to 10.1% in FY '24. And FY '24 PAT was ₹ 
24.3Cr. So almost nearly a double than last year. So PAT is increased 
to 24.3Cr. Similarly, EPS same way increased from ₹12.9 in FY23 to 
₹24.2 in FY24. 
 
About the order book, I would like to give some brief about the order 
book. 2024, we have a ₹153 crore opening order book, which 
increased to ₹262 crores. So it is 72% hike in the order book. FY '24 
opening pending order book ₹153 crores to ₹262 crores. Order book is 
increased in the NEXA product, high valued machine, aerospace, 
defence, hence this giving a significant growth to the company. 
 
We are expecting a 10% to 15% business from more than ₹50 lakh to 
2.5 crore high valued machines. Hence our more focus will be on 
defence and aeronautic business and on NEXA products like VTL, 
HMC, DCM and automation. 
 
In terms of the bidding also, which is because of the government 
policy, which is the highest ever bidding we submitted in the tender 
business, we call tender business where the defence, aeronautic and 
education mostly this three segment is covered in this tender business. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
So last year our tender bidding was ₹102 crore, which increased by 
almost three times and stands at ₹283 crores and our domestic 
quotations bidding, we had submitted to two tier, three tier, four (tier) 
was ₹335 crore in FY23, which increased to ₹497 crore in FY24. So 
filing the tender and filing the bidding, which is increased, hence we 
are expecting significant growth in terms of FY '25 with new heights. 
 
Expecting order book right now existing order book is ₹262 crore and 
our bid submitted, is almost nearly a ₹700 crore. So we are expecting 
another ₹250 crores new order. So our order book would be ₹550  
crore or more in the end of this year. So I would like to announce the 
some key highlights about our future. 
 
Annual capacity as we promised in last meeting is already increased to 
2000 machines per annum, which we will utilize in July first week. 
Almost all the building and construction work and machines 
installation is completed. Right now we have a 200 kilowatt installed 
solar power plant, and in this new building we are adding another 600 
kilowatt rooftop solar power plant, and it will be effective in Q2. So 
almost 90 percent of our power generation, day power generation will 
be generated through the green energy. 
 
About the R&D center, Bangalore for new kind of technology 
development, new generations, machines like semiconductor, like EC, 
EMS, highest consumption of EMS like a laptop, mobile, medical 
equipment, and this kind of the machines is the new generation 
machines and 5-axis machine. 
 
So this premises we already received from our team and maybe in July 
will be in operation for R&D center at Bangalore to develop the new 
generation’s machines and softwares at BangaloreR&D. We are 
exploring discussion with the different global companies for co-
manufacturing, transfer of technology, co-marketing partnership, for 
domestic and global marketing for the new technology of CNC 
machines not in our portfolio. 
 
So we are in touch with the few world global player for the next level 
machines. So, we will do the technical collaboration or JV that it's in 
progress and CapEx like every year we are doubling the CapEx. This 
year also same journey we are planning that will add the more CapEx 
to increase the capacity and to develop the new generations' machines. 
 
And your company's highest revenue, highest the EBITDA, highest 
the PAT, but we are the lowest in the expenses. We are the low-cost 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
manufacturing company, we are debt free company and our direct 
indirect manufacturing expenses lowest in the machine tools 
industries. 
 
We - have a huge product basket, we are in the top five machine tools 
manufacture in India, we have a 3,000 plus application solution, we 
have a 315 product variant and model, we have a 27 industrial 
segment, we are serving right now and 27 product segments where we 
have a 315 models, the major product basket and segment is turning 
machines, VMC, vertical machining center, VTL, DCM, HMC and 
automation IOT 4 and 5-axis machining. 
 
This is our product basket, we have presence in 39 cities, we have a 
sales and service, a distribution network, we are adding the few more 
technical centers in the coming future. We are serving to the various 
applications like automobile, agriculture, equipment, defence, 
aerospace, EVM, power plant, medical instrument, pharma, jewellery, 
die & moulds, so many it's - and general engineering. So we have lots 
of a variant for the different, different kind of the segment. 
 
Our network we have a six branch offices, we have a 39 destination, 
we are distributing and giving the service and training to our 
customer, we have  four tech centers. We have a nine business 
associate and 800 plus employee in your company's family and 
qualified sales and service team is nearly 143. 
 
Your company achieved the lots of award recognized by Indian 
Machine Tools Association in IMTEX by back-to-back five award 
2015, 2013, 2017 we got 2011. So five years back-to-back best design 
and best product award we win in the past and after that we talk to 
participate in the award ceremony. So this is the highlight for Q4. 
Vinayji, we can start the question. 
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. Anybody who wishes to ask a question may please use the 
option of raise hand. Anybody who is not able to raise hand may put 
the question in the chat box and we will ask on your behalf. All those 
who wish to ask the question please raise hand. Sir, we will take the 
first question from Kush. Kush you can go ahead. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Yes, Rupeshji, congratulations. Another good quarter. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, Kush bhai. Congratulations. Thank you. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Yes, sir. Sir, few questions this time. So this quarter's realization was 
₹19 lakhs and it has become ₹20 lakhs. So sir, some high value orders, 
some of the defence orders, how much business was there, sir? Can 
you quantify it? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Defence business is very good and the high value of NEXA product 
VTLs, its execution is also very good. And now our NEXA product is 
focusing on double column, so yes, the margins are increasing, 
because of the defence and some backward integrations have also been 
completed in which our margin has increased. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay. Sir, how much defence business is there, can you quantify it, 
sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The order book is quite big due to the execution, but the execution 
time is very long, six to eight months. So the order that came in the 
last six months has not been executed, this quarter and the second 
quarter have been done, but overall in 15% to 20% our tender business 
has been executed last year. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, there was a question on working capital. Our 
business is in advance, but we are still seeing receivables in balance 
sheet of ₹22 crores this year in March? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We have added two things in this that from the dealers who are 
business associate, in this ₹10 crore to ₹15 crores is the tender 
business, in which obviously you get that payment in 90 days or 
machine commissioning, that is the pattern for many years. Some of 
the ₹5 crores to ₹7 crores increase, we have the dealers for the stock 
and for the catalog product, the hot selling, every day sells and the 
customer needs the same day delivery. So we have changed the 
strategy a little bit that we will give our dealer 30 days to 60 days 
credit we will give them some regular model. So that they can do the 
billing the same day. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay. And sir, there is an order book of ₹262 crores and you are 
saying that there is a bidding of ₹700 crores, some of which can be 
₹200 crores to ₹300 crores, we will get more orders. So sir, can you 
give us any guidance of FY '25, how much revenue you are targeting 
internally and what was the margin, because the margin has increased 
in the last three quarters, the margin has continuously increased? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So the margin that has increased in Q4, which is 17% in Q4, I think it 
will remain sustainable, in the end of the year, I think it will remain 
between 16% to 18% in the whole year and the order book will 
increase. For the executions, it will take one and a half years to 
complete the order book. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
One and a half years sir, any guidance for revenue for FY '25, could 
you give us a range for what you are seeing? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So ₹35 crores of EBITDA, ₹24 crores of PAT, so minimum my range 
will be 20% to 35% increase from both the sides. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
And sir, in the order book, how many defence orders will there be in 
₹262 crores? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We will have 8% to 9% in the order of defence. And the bidding has 
been done Kush bhai, the bidding that has taken place in the last six 
months, it has been unbelievable bidding, because if I talk about 
generalizing in per monthly average, our average was ₹20 crores, and 
it has been jumping to ₹40 crores in the last six months. 
 
So the floating in the tender has been very much in the bidding, and 
because of this process of election, because the defence has a lot of 
people, and bureaucrats are busy in the elections, so the tender has 
been floating very much in the bidding, so you will see that our tender 
bidding has increased three times, but the opening will start after this 
result. So, I believe that this year our minimum focus will be 15% to 
20% on revenue of the tender and defence. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
And sir, the capacity of 2000 machines come from Q1? Apart from 
that, do you have any other plans to do CapEx in the year? You have 
given something in the presentation, something of ₹15 crores. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There is a planning of ₹15 crores to ₹20 crores to do new CapEx, and 
I think we can add more capacity in that in the next year. And we will 
also do some backward integrations to ramp up the production of 
bottlenecks to ramp the production we will make through the CapEx. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
      Thank you sir. I will come again in the queue. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. Thank you. Good-bye. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
All the best. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kush. We will take the next question from Piyush Jain. 
Piyush, you can go ahead. Piyush? 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes, am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, you are audible. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes, congratulations, great set of number as always delivering. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. Thank you, Piyush sir. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
I want to know this in a broader term. Like you say, you produce 
lowest cost and you have to have a low range of costs. So your cost 
should be 17% or something like that, then only you can sustain or 
something. What we are seeing from last four quarters, our margin is 
8% to 9% or 14%, 15% to 17%. So the margin is big, is it because of 
revenue growth, or our operating leverage, or mixed change, or we 
have high NEXA machine, and that is mixed change. And this is 17% 
margin, how sustainable is it? And in the future, this can be expanded? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The first thing is, because of operating leverage, fixed cost, I have 
discussed in the past, our fixed cost will remain if revenue ramp up, 
then straight 30% of effect on PAT, and the extra growth is added. 
Second, the higher end product, the NEXA, its realization has been 
very good. Third thing is, in backward integrations, we have run a 
project, we will now enounce some components, we will not take it 
from the supplier. So our material cost has reduced, that is why the 
margin has increased. 
 
So there are three to four aspects, one is the leverage and fixed cost. 
The other is the cost, we have controlled that we have jumped the 
production, but we see, compared to last year, 20% operating cost was 
direct in-direct, which reduced in 18%. So we have also controlled 
that, we have paid attention to the cost, so all the aspects have been 
met, and revenue has been generated. And the sustainable revenue, I 
am assuming for the full year is around 14.5% has been generated last 
year, and in quarter four, it has been 18%. 
 
So it will remain in 16% to 18% throughout the year, and maybe we 
will focus on it, like quarter-on-quarter, but we will talk about year-
on-year, we will focus on the backward integration, we will focus on 
the high valued machine, like this time we are focusing on 10% to 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
15% higher value, ₹50 lakhs to ₹2.5 crores. So, we will do backward 
integration, we will increase capacity, we will keep in mind the cost, 
so this up to 20%  Piyushbhai, we can take this EBITDA margin in 
future. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir one thing more, we have shown about the pipeline, we have shown 
the order book ₹260 crores. And we have shown the pipeline, which 
we show every time, around ₹780 crores. The first thing I want to 
know is out of  ₹780 crores, how much do you expect from this, how 
much order can you get? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First question, you said. Okay. Go ahead with your question, yes. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
No, Rupesh Bhai you go ahead. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First, the average of the tender business is 12% to 18% of the L1. So I 
expect that the tender bidding of the government can get 12% to 18% 
of the order we can get from there. And also we have filed, and we 
have given the quotations and that is what we are talking about, but 
we have the whole year. Now, we will also give new quotations, so I 
expect that another ₹250 crores tender from domestic, and the 
customer, we have not given the bidding, we will give the bidding 
next month. 
 
After that, we will give the bidding next month, in June, in July, in 
August, so we will get the time to execute the order of the government 
and the defence. We do have enquiries in the domestic, the sales 
engineers in our field, they will submit new, new biddings, so the 
order book, which I am talking about, can be more so if we catch the 
big ones, we will close the order book by ₹500 crores to ₹600 crores. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
In this financial year? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In this financial year. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir, does the difference between the tender and direct margin or in 
tender you to do it on a low margin, or do you maintain the margin 
and do your bidding? Because earlier you said that you do not want to 
participate in the low margin business, like you gave an example last 
time that Tata's some regarding phone, but you have seen that there 
was no margin, so you did not participate. Correct? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Exactly, the Tata is that all the competitors did not do it except one or 
two. The condition was that you have to give the entire production to 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
them, so that they will be able to leave the market. At that time our 
capacity was 1,200 and their requirement was also a lot. But in the 
tender business, the product we give - the margin is more, because 
there are many services like training, component products, trials, their 
PDI. 
 
So all this, because of their extra value adding service because of that 
there is more costing in, which we get a good margin and the margin 
of domestic is also with the catalog product and the higher-end 
product, which is different in that. So, yes defence and aeronautic 
business will have more margin and order book will be closed by ₹500 
crores to ₹600 crores. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay sir. We have added any new clients in the last quarter and 
overall according to you, how is the demand outlook of the CNC 
machine going? There are tailwinds in the sector, but how this is 
growing and how many inquiries are coming and what do you think 
about the business domestic market, because there is a lot of import in 
this? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I am talking about the products in which there are different segments, 
the turning machine VMC, almost in the turning machine in India if I 
say 99% it is not more than 2% or 3% there is not more import in 
VMC than 10%. There is import of some products, which India makes 
isvery less or they do not have technical capabilities. To make  that 
type of machine has a higher import ratio, but in this type domestic 
players are efficient to deliver. And what was your other question 
Piyush bhai? 
 
Piyush Jain: 
The other question was - the overall demand outlook how is it, 
because of order book and other…? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Regarding demand you are seeing Modi's 3.0, the vision they have 
regarding CapEx and manufacturing and about the defence. In that 
each defence and aeronautic company has overflowing orders. And if I 
talk about our client we have a new client in March who we have 
given ₹5 crore machine, it is BHEL. And we have a lot of pending 
orders and in future we are discussing about a big machine whose cost 
of one machine is ₹2.5 crore. 
 
So of aeronautic and defence, we increased our workload and also 
EMS we have increased our workload plus in manufacturing India's 
focus and regarding government's policies, which are subsidies, some 
interest free loans. In seeing all this, I think that 25% to 30% of 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
CAGR growth is going on in machine tools industries I think that it 
will increase more and in which there is a new factor, which is not 
being calculated I can add that also. 
 
In the past machine was more expensive Tier 3, Tier 4 customers 
didn't get their excise refund. It was added in the cost. And after that 
the government 25% subsidy or interest free loan scheme was not 
there. Now due to all these schemes, the past manufacturing industries 
were almost running their machines 24/7 in two shifts. But because of 
all these facilities, these people have started that we will run only for 
12 hours and we'll buy another machine. 
 
Because in the night the rejection, rework and damages, that they are 
facing a loss is too much. So a new trend has started, new client in 
defence Macpower client all the ordnance factory like DRDO. Then 
engine factory, HVF heavy vehicle factory, which makes T90 tank, 
ISRO, BHEL and the new upcoming I think is also with PSU 
companies also has good orders. 
 
So, our discussions is also going on for the future so all this is our new 
client in defence and in domestic there is a big group of Ahmedabad. 
They are our new clients, because of this factor every month they are 
buying and adding the few machines, they want to run for 12 hours. 
There is Rajkot based big company. They also take robotics and 
automation is taking from us. And now they have to run for 24 hours, 
but they have to run it from robots. 
 
So, I am seeing a revolution trend with two factors and this is the 
manufacturing decade. This is my personal opinion that we are not 
contributing more than 16% in GDP machine tools manufacturing 
sector. And if we talk about world-wide consumption Piyush bhai, so 
the world consumptions of machines so in that India is now 
consuming 3%. If you want to make it the leader of manufacturing in 
global world then you understand at what level our consumption will 
increase of machine tools. 
 
Because in today's world figure, we are consuming only 3%. So next 
decade is manufacturing and we are connected with manufacturing, 
because we are backbone in manufacturing sector. As I told you many 
times seven companies, they have almost 89% to 90% serve the 
market and the growth is coming from there. A big revolution in this 
industry and in manufacturing we will see in the next decades. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir I have one to two more questions. You said 
something in the beginning with any foreign company you are seeing 
some tie up. So regarding that could you provide some details what 
are we thinking? The second small question is, is there any possibility 
of export in our machines that we can export in future or are we that 
much cost competitive. And second thing is, the NEXA share in to-
date our total machine that we sell. In that the number that I'm 
understanding during the year we sold 1,200 of which 84 is NEXA 
which is around 7% to 8%. Now in the order book this share is 27%, 
so will the NEXA share in the future will increase and if it increases 
by 20% to 30%. And that in this year in any quarter we will test ₹100 
crore revenue? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So first we are having meetings…. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
You said something about opportunity with a foreign company that 
talks are going on? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
For opportunities till now we have discussed with world's two big 
players we have had meetings with them. And there has been various 
discussions and there are some giants in the world - who have plants 
in almost three to four countries. And in the world upcoming 
technology, metal adding technology, semiconductor machine 
manufacturing, digital watches laptops or mobile all these. 
 
Aerospace in that they have their masteries. We have had meetings 
with them and we had a lot of discussions. They are also listed in their 
country and they are listed in two to three countries and in that we will 
use their worldwide distribution network and their manufacturing 
products will be here. And we will take their technology with the 
royalty base. So all these things are going on. This is a process, we 
have discussed it with a European company, but it's too early to 
discuss about this. 
 
But this is the thought process in future we are going in a big 
expansion and in that we will move forward. Your second question 
was in NEXA. So in NEXA, we have not focused on NEXA, because 
of capacity, but capacity is increasing, so definitely in my presentation 
it was there Piyush bhai that 12% to 15% we will focus on NEXA and 
we double the 7%. So NEXA is a new baby which is a higher-end 
product. So we are planning to double this year . Any questions are 
left? 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir, I have two more what is your export opportunity? 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
Piyush, let's allow others to ask questions. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes just… 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, I would request you to come back in queue. We will take the 
next… 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The India's export is very less I have already told it is less than 1% to 
2%, because domestic consumption is very high. But for export, you 
have to go further and design for the country power condition, 
language so you will have to pay attention on it. So, it will be a 
specialized task, but for export distribution you have to develop a 
worldwide network. 
 
So, in the initial stage in the growing stage, I think this is early. The 
associated partner who joins us - so in the worldwide he will already 
have a network. So, we will enter through them till now. We have sent 
many machines to U.S., U.K., Russia, but in that we do not have our 
effort in that. But the effort game I think we will start with someone 
who we will join and then we will start. But now I think the growth of 
India in defence and aeronautics we should focus more on that, 
because the cost of export distribution and R&D cost according to 
their culture will be much bigger and it will take many years for the 
ROI to come in. But if we work with someone and join with a 
company then we can easily get the fruits. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Thank you Rupesh bhai and congratulations and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
And we will take the next question from Hiten. Hiten Boricha, you 
can go ahead please. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Hello Hiten bhai. 
 
Moderator: 
Hiten? Sir, we will move to the next participant Ajay Surya. Ajay, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Hello. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, Ajay bhai. Yes Ajay we are listening to you. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir my first question is we doing ₹10 crores to ₹15 crores to ₹20 
crores of CapEx so with that how much machines will be added. And 
from when this revenue will get started? 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
To add machines we will do debottlenecking. We will make some 
components in-house with this CapEx. So, we are taking it from our 
suppliers and we will add some facilities. So, if we need it we can 
stretch in this premises so that we can jump to10% production, but 
with that the CapEx we will do quality and cost and delivery. These 
three aspects they are giving challenges to ramp up the production. 
 
We will invest more on that, so to increase the production Ajay bhai 
the CapEx is not there. This is for quality improvement and some is 
for some instruments and we are now focusing on NEXA products. 
So, for that we need to purchase some instruments, some fixturing we 
have developed a lot of, which we can build the capacity and 
capabilities of the machine shop. 
 
We are doing some investing there, where our assembly time will be 
reduced. So, by only CapEx we are doing production ramp up and 
more of quality cost and process time short we are trying to do, from 
which I believe that we will increase 10% production and 
productivity. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir the number of machines will not increase right that we have now 
2,000? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The number of machines will not increase directly, but the process 
time will be reduced of your machine. So indirectly you will see the 
impact and some components will be rejected, some components will 
be delivered late. So, if you make in-house your cost will be reduced 
and your rejection and your production will not be held, So indirect 
benefit will be seen. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. So sir apart from this… 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Your twitter of 1 lakh viewers was from you. 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sorry, but I am Hiten speaking. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Okay. 
 
Moderator: 
Hiten are you done? Can we move to the next participant? 
 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir I have one last question, hello can I move forward. Sir, my 
question is that apart from this CapEx of it also - to increase the 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
number of machines any CapEx is planned for the next one to two 
years? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
For that we are doing a big expansion plan in, which I announced in 
the last meeting now election has ended a defence and aeronautic 
policy 2017. I have sent it to Vinay so he got it. In that we have done a 
vibrant Gujarat in January we have done MOU in that the government 
had shown two lands, which area is 35 acres. And in that now we will 
talk about the next CapEx in the next year in '25 and in that we are 
planning a big expansion in, which almost all will be backward 
integration and capacity will be 4,000 to 5,000 total will be combined. 
 
So, we are planning, but now we are not planning a 500-1000 gradual. 
With the help of the government benefits we are getting for this 
segment, because in their policies the token rates are the land and 80% 
GST of the state. So, they are offering various facilities so we will 
wait for six to eight months so the government will continue the 
policy and the commitments they had promised in the meeting will 
move forward otherwise anyhow we will continue the big expansion 
in this year as we move forward. 
 
Moderator: 
We will go to the next participant Ajay Surya. You can go ahead 
please. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Am I audible. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Yes, sir my question and sir congratulations for fantastic growth. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you Ajay bhai. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir the question is that as you increased your capacity from 1,500 to 
2,000 machines. But sir my question was sir how we are working on 
capabilities, because sir I have seen in our old presentations so with 
our order is quite big towards the VMC, but the HMC or VTL or our 
DCM machines we are not getting so many order inflow. So sir the 
question was, sir how we are working on capabilities that there are 5-
axis machines or 4-axis machines so towards that what are we 
developing there? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The both questions came that Ajayji we have talked about 7% in the 
NEXA product last year. This year we are targeting 14%, 12% to 16% 
we are targeting in, which double column or VTL or HMC and in 
place of 7% we will double it to 14%. We had developed this product 
in the market, but due to capacity constraints, we didn't focus on it, 
because its distribution network with the service, with the assembly 
line we have to separate them all. 
 
So, we focused on it as we compare it to last year we are doubling our 
target. And the second question 4-axis is regular product and 5-axis 
machines we have given to defence about 12 to 15 machines in the 
past, which one machine cost is approximate ₹2 crores to ₹5 crores. 
So, we don't have to develop 5-axis we have to penetrate it through the 
market and the technology coming in next generation the requirement 
of next 10 years for that we have given R&D center, which is in the 
hands of Macpower. 
 
And now we have taken the second in Bangalore in the Peenya area, 
and we will bring it in full operation in Q2, where the EMS machines 
in, which 24,000 RPM spindle, one second ATC time, a mobile should 
be manufactured in 15 to 17 seconds in all that we are focusing on the 
product there is nothing new. We have to upgrade and modify our 
regular product. 
 
We are doing it through Bangalore in, which we will develop 5-axis 
and EMS machines. And in January the biggest exhibition of India 
Ajay bhai the exhibition that takes place at IMTEX Bangalore in 
which we will launch this product. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir I understood sir. Sir, one more question sir, as you are saying the 
pipeline of order is very strong and you are seeing that in the close of 
this year, there will be an order of ₹500 crores to ₹550 crores. And sir, 
you are saying that it will take one to one and a half years in 
execution. So sir, can I understand that in FY '27 we are targeting 
₹500 crores revenue, is the direction the same for Macpower, or I'm 
assuming something wrong? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
You are talking about FY '27? 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Yes, as you are saying the order will take one to one and a half years 
in execution. And in the close of this year, if we are seeing the order 
of ₹500 crores to ₹550 crores. Then sir, while executing we are going 
towards the direction of ₹500 crores? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, no, first of all in 2027 the ₹500 crores revenue you are talking. 
We are planning more than that, the second thing the order book I'll 
explain in a very simple way that the order book is for your 
understanding. These are not projects and not one-time order. I told 
you earlier also that today our capacity for example 2,000 machines 
almost 180 (per month). So for example, we manufacture 10 machines 
So, there is order of 12 machines to 15 machines every day. So, every 
day the order book changes. 
 
So if we are giving you figure of 31st March or 1st April, but on 2nd 
April the order of 10 machines were dispatched and 12 new orders 
were made. So this order is of the 30 plus cities of India networks our 
sales and service and tender bidding opens. So every day there is a 
plus or minus that takes place, but we have the data in that 22% every 
month our order book grows, compared to dispatch. 
 
The order will be dispatched every day and daily new orders will 
come, and if we calculate on month-on-month basis than the average 
of 22% is that the order book is increasing after dispatches. So 2027 
so I think the peak time will be for growth but that’s far away, maybe 
we can plan it before that, but our order book will increase and for 
next year we will add some CapEx at least 500 machines our new 
project’s construction will take one year to build. So, we will plan in 
'27 we can cross ₹500 crore or more. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Got it sir, got it. And sir, one suggestion or request is that in your 
presentation - of which segment or sector are your machines going. So 
if you can provide that data then it will be very helpful? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
We have given broad sector and companies to whom we supply, but 
we have not given a sectorial breakup of revenue, because that keeps 
changing dynamically. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Means if you can provide that just for every quarter, like post the 
quarter presentation? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, Ajayji if you focus on particular sector now you have an open 
opportunity you can focus on which area or which sector is the order 
coming you have to focus on that. And if you are focusing on a 
particular segment, then if any ups and downs so my thinking is that in 
any sector don't focus on 10% to 15%. You have to take the natural 
course the area which the order is coming, you have to execute it. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
But the bigger consumption in that area, you should focus on because 
some segments in which its applications and segment is nearly 3,000. 
But in every segment will not be in boom, if you have submersible up 
and if its monsoon time so submersible will be down. So, you don't 
have to do segment selling, we will do segment selling when you build 
up 6,000 machines you will build capacity. 
 
In the new plant you will do the process and backward integration is in 
control. Then you can divide it by unit in segment wise you can work 
on it. To do it now is not right. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you all the very best. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you Ajay bhai. 
 
Moderator: 
I would request all participants to keep it down to two questions since 
we have a lot of people in the queue. We will take the next question 
from Rohan. Rohan, you can go ahead please? 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of 
numbers. Sir most of my questions are answered, I just want to 
understand one thing, our capacity is of 1,500 machines and this year 
we are utilizing around 90% and ₹19 lakhs to ₹20 lakhs of realization. 
So, from 1st July when 2,000 machines capacity and ₹20 lakhs of 
realization and again 90% you are utilizing around ₹360 crores you 
can do of peak revenue with this capacity, is it correct or with that 
same amount of machine you'll sell and can take a realization of ₹25 
lakhs? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It can be both regarding that more advanced and it will be forward-
looking, you can calculate it. But I believe we will make higher-end 
machines Rohan bhai so if you think that one machine is of ₹1 crore 
then it will take five days or 10 days, but if it's a ₹20 lakh machine 
then it will take three days to complete it. So that machine will be 
lying in production area due to the process. So as your high valued 
machines are made than your average the number of machines will be 
less. If you talk about ₹30 lakhs, so the numbers will be less. So 
bigger and bigger we'll - you can calculate it and the execution part 
will be tried the figures you are talking about. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Got it. So sir, 2,000 machines capacity has increased once will we get 
land and it will expand in the new Greenfield project on top of it? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
After 2,000 in this premises we'll - next after land construction will go 
on for one year. So for the next it will 2,500 almost ₹500 crores 
revenue we have place for this premises. 
 
Rohan Advant: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Rohan bhai. 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from Raunak Mishra. Please go ahead. 
 
Raunak Mishra: 
Hi sir. Good afternoon, congratulations on the great set of numbers. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Raunak Mishra: 
Sir the question was that in the next quarter what kind of revenue can 
we expect like? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Next quarter means this Q1? 
 
Raunak Mishra: 
Yes Q1 sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Raunak, we want to avoid giving quarterly guidance. 
 
Raunak Mishra: 
Okay sir. And like what is the outlook for the next financial year like 
what kind of revenue could we achieve like…? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
As we already discussed Raunak bhai that capacity is almost nearly 
₹400 crores - and as per our order book and execution time, you can 
assume that, but minimum as we always say 22% to 25% minimum 
growth will achieve. 
 
Raunak Mishra: 
Okay. Okay sir that's lovely. Thank you so much sir. All the best. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from Jatin Jadhav. Please go ahead. 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Hello am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, yes Jatin bhai you are audible. 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Congratulations Rupesh bhai. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Jatin bhai yes. 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
On a good set of numbers. Sir I have one question everyone has 
almost clarified. Now the backward integration we are doing in what 
types of components and this similar backward integration we are 
doing our competition and they have also their plans. So, I just wanted 
to understand the landscape of it only? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I don't know much about the competitor, but some components are 
critical and few players is only manufactured in India. And if I 
disclose their name, they will stop our supply. But like say six or 
seven components are there in which we have hydraulics, some are 
telescopic and there are four components, in which we have almost 
come into 20% production. Almost this backward integration we will 
like Q3 we'll come to 100%, which we are taking from the suppliers, 
but now we will do it in-house. 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Sir, have you developed capability in-house or how is, the transfer of 
technology how is it? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, we have few players from India, Jatin bhai this is a very good 
question, because Macpower has made all these products from their 
experience and its R&D experience team they have made all the 
products. Till now we have not taken any help nor we have done any 
JV with others. And we haven't given any money for technology 
transfer. 
 
All these things are our effort with our skilled manpower of 800 plus 
and we have 45 and more of R&D team. And in Bangalore, we are 
adding another 35 to 40 team. So, its 100% indigenous you can say 
that we have developed it in-house. 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Very good sir. These are my questions. All the best for performing in 
the future also. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Jatin Bhai. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Dixit. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Dixit Kumar: 
Yes hello. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes Dixit bhai. 
 
Dixit Kumar: 
Ji sir, first of all congratulations for the good results. 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, Thank you very much. 
 
Dixit Kumar: 
Yes. So, my question was this sir, what is your strategy for export 
business and is there any focus on that. So if you can guide me on this 
please? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
For export there are two types of opportunities one is the foreign 
companies, who are getting a lot of manufacturing costs. They can 
make their own designs of machines with us. And the other is that, 
we'll give them without controlled semi-assembled machines, but we 
have not accepted both things. For anybody else we'll use our 
production line and they will export them the outside companies from 
their brands. 
 
So, the second is come in export that without control CNC control we 
will take the machine. And the control will be feed by the country we 
have also denied it. And for the third export, I have shown you that it 
is too early to sell the machine in abroad, because every country’s 
software, their language and their distribution and service will be too 
costly and we'll not get much ROI on it. 
 
But if we want to focus on export after new expansion then we should 
go through our partners whose has worldwide hold for many years. 
So, we should work on jointly export so this year we are not directly 
focusing. We get some indirect orders through website or through 
exhibition. But it will not be focused. 
 
Dixit Kumar: 
Okay. So as per my understanding till now our export revenue is 
affected in our balance sheet, it is less than 2% to 3%, right? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes it will be that, there will not be more focused. 
 
Dixit Kumar: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you sir. Thank you for answering my question. 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question for the day from Darshan 
Patel. Darshan, you can go please. 
 
Darshan Patel: 
Hello sir, am I audible. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, yes Darshan bhai, you are audible. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Darshan Patel: 
Okay. And sir, my question was how much time does it take to make 
the categories of machines in the process? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
For that model to-model Darshan bhai it will take different times. 
There is a turning machine we take it in batches, but average model-
to-model and their features, but if you see the line of a turning 
machine average is 100 machines and that is in a month. So in two 
days a turning machine is assembled in there and three and half days it 
takes a VMC to be completed. 
 
But what happens there in a shift of 12 hours, there are two people so 
to make it start to end if we work continuously then in hours wise 
turning machine will take 48 hours and VMC average is 55-60 hours. 
 
Darshan Patel: 
And what about VTL, HMC or DCM all that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, the average will increase the time will increase HMC will be 
assembled in almost 20 days continuously. Same with DCM, VTL we 
can assemble now because average two to three machine of VTLs we 
are dispatching. So in 12 to 13 days it will assemble. 
 
Darshan Patel: 
Then in future assembling and manufacturing can take time be 
shortened? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What you are saying is that one machine is lying and on that two 
people are working and in 12 days they will complete the machine. So 
if you are putting 10 lines where 10 machines are assembling. So there 
will be 10 teams. It is not like one machine is made and now the other 
machine will be made. 
 
Darshan Patel: 
Understood, understood. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
And this is process wise normally how process one is to put the bull 
screw for that 12 people are working, so they are putting bull screw of 
all machines. It is like automobile one person is doing only one job. 
So, they have a team of 15 to 20 people team where they are putting 
only bull screw, some people are putting LME, some people are 
putting CNC control. 
 
So, their capacity and calibers will increase. So assembly is done like 
this, but we do it according to capacity, per month's capacity is 180 
machines. So, we have assembly costing, this is our average assembly 
costing of turning machine, VMC like how much it should come. And 
everyday process is today serial number 107 on the bolt screw time of 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd (MACPOWER) 
Q4 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
four hours, the work of four hours is done in four hours or not. So we 
get MIS report on it. 
 
We almost do it at 2% plus in assembly so it is fast assembly. If our 
assembly has foul and if it does foul then we reconcile it by doing 
overnight. So, for assembly is not like this that two people made one 
machine in the next 15 days. So another 15 days they will make 
another machine. 
 
Darshan Patel: 
Understood, understood. Sir one last question sir, so regarding 
backward integration, so how much margin can it be expanded? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
2% minimum up to 4% can possible. 
 
Darshan Patel: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No problem. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir that is the last question for the day. Would you like to 
give any closing comment? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, thank you very much Vinayji for first of all of your beautiful 
presentation you have made. I have got a lot of appreciation for that. 
So I told them to read the name in the last line. And you have 
conducted the meeting very well. And thank you very much for all the 
participants, who has believed in your company. And we delivered the 
promises, we have fulfilled them all. And with your wishes and from 
the Lord's strength whatever we are promising you we will deliver 
them more than that. And we will meet you soon. Thank you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you sir. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the call. 
And to the management for joining on this call. This brings us to the 
end of today's conference call. You may disconnect now. Thank you, 
sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, Vinay. 
 
