 
 
Date: 5 June 2024 
 
To,                                                                                                  
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543270) 
The Manager, 
NSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(NSE Symbol: MTARTECH) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements Regulations, 
2015) -Transcript of Earnings call held on 29 May 2024.  
 
Unit: MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call 
conducted on Wednesday, 29 May 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company i.e. 
www.mtar.in  You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Naina Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Naina 
Singh
Digitally signed by Naina Singh 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1608, 
pseudonym=90c2daf8ebaa459e9d4a58356a
9d5c9d, 
2.5.4.20=149b6b39a81996c2af915e6f386260
566ab3b421c26da6d8acda19754083339c, 
postalCode=825301, st=Jharkhand, 
serialNumber=1a45bfbdaab83eedf3487ea91
79603ef859854c32f2b928d66d1930ae0b435
3a, cn=Naina Singh 
Date: 2024.06.05 17:03:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“MTAR Technologies Limited 
Q4 & FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVAS REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
PROMOTER – MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. GUNNESWARA RAO PUSARLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SRILEKHA JASTHI – HEAD IR AND STRATEGY – 
MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH PATEL – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to MTAR Technologies Limited Q4 and FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. And now I hand the conference over to Mr. 
Parth Patel from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Parth Patel: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to all participants on Q4 and FY '24 results discussion call. Today 
on our call, we have Mr. Srinivas Reddy, sir, Managing Director and Promoter, Mr. Gunneswara 
Rao, sir, Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Srilekha Jasthi, Head IR and Strategy. I hope everyone 
had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that we have uploaded on 
exchanges and on the company's website. I would like to give a short disclaimer before we begin 
the call. 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon 
our belief, opinion, and expectations as of today. The statements are not guaranteed for our future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. With this, I would like to hand over 
the call to Srinivas, sir, for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you and good morning to everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us today. Today 
on the call, I'm joined by Mr. Gunneswara Rao, Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Srilekha Jasthi, 
Head Strategy and Investor Relations and Orient Capital, our Investor Relations Partner. We 
have uploaded our updated investor deck, press release, and results highlights on the Stock 
Exchange and Company website. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. 
So today, basically, as a leading provider in multiple segments, in terms of clean energy, defense, 
nuclear, space, and aerospace sectors, we have consistently delivered robust financial 
performance and strategic growth in the past. With regards to Financial Year '24, we definitely 
encountered a dip in our earnings, primarily due to the following reasons. 
One, customer transition impact. One of our key customers, Bloom Energy, contributing 
substantially to our revenue stream, has initiated a comprehensive transformation of the business 
model in terms of the hot boxes or the model, what they want to change for higher power output. 
Consequently, there has been a temporary reduction in their procurement volumes from us, 
impacting our earnings. 
Once the new model Santa Cruz is fully implemented, it will result in enhanced operational 
synergies and more sustainable partnerships. We have clear indications that we will bounce back 
to higher procurement volumes by Bloom during the second half of the year. Two, our team is 
closely collaborating with a number of MNCs, and worked on various first articles in various 
projects. And company had to incur expenditure for development of these first articles, which 
has definitely affected, to a certain extent, our EBITDA levels for the year, but will result in high 
revenue streams for coming years. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
For FY '24, we had revenues of 8 crores in MNC Aerospace Division. And for FY '25, the 
revenues generated will be close to about INR72 crores. This is a clear indication of what kind 
of work we have done in terms of developing the various first articles and products for the 
multinational that we are working with right now. 
We will also be signing a number of long-term agreements moving forward with MNCs in the 
aviation sector. And we have already received the agreement for one of the aviation     sector 
projects from IAI, which will result in a business opportunity of close to 90 million to 120 
million over the next 15 years. We have been working on these long-term agreements for more 
than six months. Further, we are working on such long-term agreements in various projects with 
various MNCs, and we should receive the final agreements over the next two quarters to take 
this forward, and which would result in higher revenue stream generation over the next two to 
three years. 
For the financial year FY '24, we had also deepened our value creation by close to about INR25 
crores to INR30 crores in the shop floor in various nuclear and space projects, because of the 
deliveries of the incoming raw materials in the second half for the major projects. Based on the 
current situation, we have the raw materials in place for the current financial year to enable us 
to make substantial progress in these projects, not only to achieve the desired sales, but also to 
achieve the value addition in the shop floor in all the projects. 
Our team is collaborating with various customers to integrate our cutting-edge solutions into the 
revamped framework, ensuring mutual growth and long-term value creation. Despite this short-
term impact, our core financial metrics remain strong on a long-term basis. Our aim is to have a 
diversified portfolio across multiple sectors, which mitigates risks associated with any single 
customer. 
We are working towards proactive cost management strategies to improve our EBITDA 
margins, and investments in R&D projects, including developing first articles and products, will 
position us favorably for future market opportunities. We are very optimistic about our future 
outlook, supported by several key factors, diversification of customer base and continual 
development of first articles for various MNC customers as global demand continues to rise. 
Ongoing expansion plans and strategic partnerships are expected to drive the revenue stream. 
Our commitment to sustainable practices resonates with industry trends and regulatory 
frameworks, enhancing our competitive edge. Based on the current estimates, we are expecting 
increase in revenue guidance of 30% to 35% for FY '25 and EBITDA margins of around 22%. 
40% of the revenue should be achieved in the first half of the year and the rest 60% will be 
achieved in the second half of the year. We will continue to grow at a minimum of 30% to 35% 
for FY '26 with improved EBITDA margins close to 24% plus. We have closed the year-end 
order book at INR915 crores and expect to have a closing order book of INR1500 crores by 
March FY '25. The major orders are expected from nuclear, space, defense, MNCs and clean 
energy sectors.  

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
I am happy to announce that we have onboarded Mr. Arun Ojha, Chief Commercial Officer, 
who will be responsible for business development and MNC supply chain. He has 25 years of 
vast experience in supply chain, business development and manufacturing and works for 
prestigious firms like Schlumberger, ALSTOM, L&T and Andritz. Under the leadership of 
Arun, we are expecting to enhance the customer base further and he has already initiated 
discussions with various global MNCs and the target is to diversify even into the oil field sector 
in a very big way and he has enough connect in these areas. Over the years, he has worked with 
Schlumberger and the others. 
In conclusion, our current quarter and financial year '24 reflects a pause in our earnings but our 
long-term trajectory remains robust. We are confident that the strategic shifts taken by the 
company unlock new avenues of growth. Our diversified portfolio, strong financial foundation 
and unwavering focus on innovation and sustainability will continue to drive our success. 
I do understand that most of the shareholders would be disappointed with the financials for 
FY’24 but please look at the long-term goal of MTAR and the kind of work we have done in the 
past one year to build strong customer base to enable robust long-term trajectory for the 
company. I would like to thank at this moment all our engineers, middle and senior management 
of MTAR who work hard in achieving the results the company needed for a robust future outlook 
by developing various first articles and products during the year for future growth. 
Bloom Energy transition impact encouraged us even more to strengthen our other verticals very 
aggressively during the year and to conclude, we have done our best to have a strong future 
outlook for the company. I would also like to thank all the investors and shareholders of MTAR 
in supporting the company. It is a technology-based company and such blips are expected but 
on long-term we are always the winners and we strongly believe in that.  
Now I would hand over to our CFO, Mr. Gunneswara Pusarla to take over the financial 
performance of the company for FY’24 and Q4 of this year. Thank you. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Thank you, Mr. Srinivas Reddy. Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to our earnings 
call today. I will take you through the financial highlights. After that, we will open the floor for 
questions and answers. And this financial year, we have clocked a revenue of  FY’24 we have 
clocked a revenue of INR580.8 crores from operations as against INR573.8 crores in FY’23. 
The company had posted an EBITDA of INR102.7 crores in FY’24 as compared to INR154 
crores in FY23. 
Our profit before tax stands at INR73 crores in FY’24 as against  INR 140.2 crores in FY’23. 
The company has registered a profit after tax of INR56.1 crores in FY’24 as against INR103.4 
crores in FY’23. As explained by our MD, the decline in profitability mainly due to operating 
leverage and deferment of orders in clean energy and space verticals. However, we are working 
on adding the new customers and setting up the aerospace division to cater to the aerospace 
customers. 
So the company has witnessed an improvement in the net operating cash flows to INR57.4 crores 
in FY’24 compared to INR7.4 crores in FY’23. This is mainly due to various monitoring steps 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
we have taken in the company and achieved a positive cash flow from the operations. The 
company is focusing on improving cash flows from operating activities further by end of the 
current fiscal year. As the MD said, we are actually targeting to increase our revenue by 30% to 
35% in FY’25. 
 
Our NWC days stand at 252 days in FY’24. We have achieved a reduction in receivables and 
raw material inventories compared to the last financial year. RM days in FY’25 stands at 118 
days compared to 154 days in FY’23. Similarly, receivable days were reduced to 93 days as 
against 132 days in FY’23. So while the scope of reduction in WIP is limited -- now based on 
the product mix, we are focusing on reduction of RM inventories further to lower NW days to 
230 days by end of FY’25. 
Our debt levels remain healthy where we have an outstanding fund-based debt of INR190 crores. 
The company's working capital debt is INR93.9 crores after existing positive cash balance of 
INR39 crores. The net debt is only INR54.7 crores in FY’24. So the positive cash flows is mainly 
resulting to the last days of the quarter we received the funds which were repaid in the April 2nd 
of this financial year. 
 
We are working in line with our strategy to add more customers and accordingly we are setting 
up new unit to cater tothe aerospace customers. Also are trying to increase our wallet share with 
the existing customers. As informed by our MD, there could be short-term impact on margins 
but our long-term vision is intact and growth is intact. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the land of Vipraw Srivastava from InCred Research. Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Just two questions for management. So basically, Bloom Energy for which significant revenue 
comes from South Korea. I was going through the green hydrogen laws and South Korea actually 
mandates that if you localize your production, there’s a higher chance that you will get orders 
from South Korea. 
 
And actually, Bloom competitor is doing the same in South Korea. So, that is a direct risk to 
MTAR because obviously localization of production means they will produce all their parts in 
South Korea. So, does the management see this as a risk going forward? Can this be a  possible 
risk? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, as far as South Korea is concerned, I think the new government, they wanted localization 
but it can only be done to a certain extent.  We are still exporting substantial revenues to South 
Korea even today. And that’s not going to change. So, not only we are supplying to South Korea 
directly but also to the US. So, that’s really not going to change much in terms of the localization. 
Every country has that localization policy but they can do it only to a certain extent. 
 
But if you look at our revenue stream, the revenue stream is not only coming from USA but also 
from South Korea as well. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Cool. Noted. Second question is regarding Bloom's deal with Amazon. They were installing 
Bloom servers in Oregon which actually didn't go through. So, Amazon's partner SK now has 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
250 million of inventory on their books of Bloom fuel cells. So, I mean, can this result in a 
pushback for MTAR going ahead since SK has a lot of inventory on books because that Amazon 
deal didn't go through? I mean, what was the communication from Bloom to you guys? Any 
thoughts on that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, basically if you look at our current forecast for the current financial year, we have taken 
3,300 units of hot boxes and last year we have done 2,752. So, we are still being on the 
conservative side in terms of the number of boxes that we are going to deliver to them. And I 
have heard recently they have also won a contract with Intel which the requirement is going to 
go up in the second half of this year. So, that I don't think will have an impact on any of the 
numbers what we have taken in terms of what we can do with Bloom at this point of time.  . 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. Noted. And yes last question is that you have to understand that Bloom's fuel cell does 
emit carbon, right? They have some carbon emission per megawatt hour and actually that carbon 
emission is higher than certain states in US grid emission. So a lot of these states are actually 
lobbying against Bloom.  
They don't want their fuel cell to have installed. So I mean what are your thoughts on this if this 
happens I mean because Bloom emits I guess 600 LBS per megawatt hour and some grids in US 
are completely renewable. They emit 200 LBS, 300 LBS per megawatt hour. So this can be a 
potential risk to Bloom and in that sense can be a risk to MTAR also. So how do you see that 
happening? Have you had talks with Bloom's management on this? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So basically when you convert methane, CH4 and when doing a catalyzation process there will 
be a very marginal carbon emission, right? So obviously the electrolyzer process will have zero 
carbon emission. Now, that's the ultimate goal, but Bloom has expanded into a lot many number 
of states, United States as far as we know about it.  
And I don't think this will really affect their long-term plans in expanding to various states, 
United States and as of now I don't see any kind of such information coming from Bloom that 
they're losing orders because of this. Primarily, most of the orders our substantial orders are also 
going to come in during second half of this year is what Bloom has told us and that's how they're 
going to increase their volumes subsequently. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Last question. So obviously solid oxide fuel cell has a lot of computing technologies also. There 
is this tech coming up from Ceres Power which has actually also got Bosch as their partner. So 
that is giving significant compression to Bloom in South Korea. So wanted to understand that in 
the future let's say this company becomes big. So can you supply to them also or do you have 
some exclusivity contract with Bloom? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We don't have any exclusivity contract with any customers till date. And we have the technology 
and we have the foundation laid to address any of these technologies with any company as and 
when we take it forward. So there is no issue of giving any exclusivity to any company at this 
point of time. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Hi. Good morning, sir. So regarding the margins in the Q4 sir actually we are expecting some 
higher margins because of domestic revenue in the Q4, but surprisingly the margins are down. 
So is there any specific reason? 
Moderator: 
Bala, sorry to interrupt you. Your voice is not coming clearly. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Just a minute. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, I could hear him. So Bala can I answer you now? Can you hear me? 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Yes sir.  
Srinivas Reddy: 
See Bala as I explained overall so what we have done is our focus was on – so when we had the 
transition or the product mix of Bloom being changed or the shipments being deferred, whatever 
you can call it because of the strategic movement towards the higher level model of Santa Cruz.  
Our main focus for over the last 6 months has been to develop various products and first articles 
to ensure that we have the right customer diversification and also to ensure the robust growth 
for the company. Because we have established ourselves very well with Bloom technology in 
terms of production and in fuel cell technology especially.  
So in terms of that also the margins are lower,  because our focus was on first articles to incur 
enough expenditure there and the value add of our domestic projects the clearances of raw 
materials for nuclear space, all that took some time. But we are back on track with that and we 
should not really worry about this.  
As far as I'm concerned I'm very clear that we are right on track in terms of where we should be 
moving forward. This is a temporary blip. I definitely do understand. I have clearly mentioned 
that, but we have done substantial work within the company by all our engineers and the team 
to develop various first articles and products which will really help the company to have a very 
robust growth moving forward.  
So I don't think we should really worry about this and I'm definitely not worried. I'm actually 
very excited about the kind of work we have done over the last one year in terms of moving 
forward with a great amount of customer diversification. That's why we have signed, we have 
finalized a major agreement with even IAI also recently and we are working on a lot more 
projects with other MNCs as well which will be signing such agreements purely based on the 
kind of work we have done which does not reflect in  our numbers in any case. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Sure sir. That's great. And secondly sir this electrolyzer. So any further update on orders or any 
new customer acquisition in electrolyzers sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Not as of now Bala because we have about 34 electrolyzers to be dispatched which we are doing 
part of it this quarter and next quarter, but the Bloom has indicated that once  they get the fresh 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
batch of orders for electrolyzers they definitely will move forward with us obviously. And I'm 
hoping that something should happen by second half of this year. 
And we have not plugged that number also into our business plan for this year. So, anything 
happens in terms of more number of hot boxes or the electrolyzers will be an upset for the 
company which we have not taken into this quarter. So we have been very cautious this time 
about what we are saying to all of you in terms of our guidance.  
Bala Murali Krishna: 
So just a follow-up on that. So in electrolyzers part are we having any discussion with any 
domestic customers because there are also capacities building in domestic also for electrolyzers? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See they are talking about building the capacities in domestic, but they still have to do the 
prototypes and develop their product. I have not seen anyone doing that as of today. So once that 
happens then we can take it forward. So we just have to wait and watch for that. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Lastly, on Fluence Energy deal sir any update on that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See Fluence, they are definitely going to be our partners for sure, but they are going to start first 
with the domestic project and then move on to the exports because India has developed the 
capability of manufacturing the batteries required for that because for exports you  incur the 
duties, the majority of the market is in Australia and other countries where we have the duty 
issues coming in because we don't have the duty to manufacture 100% in India.  
So as far as exports are concerned they are working with two, three companies within India for 
the battery manufacturing, but for domestic they are bidding for various vendors and actually 
they have mentioned to me that they are working on three tenders. If any of those tenders if they 
get it, the orders will come to MTAR. So everything is tied up with MTAR, but we are just 
waiting for the orders from Fluence. Whenever they win the tendors they will release the orders 
to us that's where we are right now. So, we have not taken that into account for this financial 
year as well. So if it comes then it will be their upside for us. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay that's all from  my side. Thank you all the best sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Bhaskar Kasera from Kotak Mahindra 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Bhaskar Kasera: 
So sir last quarter, you had mentioned that we will be doing 170 crores of revenue this quarter, 
but delivered like only INR143 crores of revenue. So what is the major reason behind it? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See one of the reasons is on the Space sector we are supposed to dispatch our semi  cryo engine 
which we are working on with ISRO. Now, there has been a small blip in that in terms of – I 
can't go into the details right now but it's mostly on the ISRO side in terms of the technology-
related issues. So, they made last-minute corrections in some of our sub-assemblies, which they 
wanted us to do to ensure that the product comes out in the right manner. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
So, to be very brief on the brazing process – so, that's what is happening and that corrections are 
being made right now. So, that has shifted the revenue to the next financial year. So, that's one 
of the main reasons behind this difference in the revenue stream. 
Bhaskar Kasera: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir.  First question is sir, do we see a risk to our wallet share with 
Bloom Energy, especially in the context that there has been a moderation in the outlook for 
revenue growth, even for Bloom and they have suffered cash flow issues? So, in that broader 
context and also sir, there has been a major design change in the fuel cell that they are operating 
with. 
Abhijeet: 
So, do we see a risk that our wallet share might get reduced with Bloom Energy going forward? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, I don't -- If you talk about the wallet share see, overall, if you look at Bloom the way their 
order book  movement happens or the orders they book, I don't see any risk coming from there. 
What I would see or what we have seen over the last -- once this transition has happened in terms 
of the change of model, reduction of procurement volumes, we went very aggressively. Actually, 
it opened up our eyes as well to be frank. We went very aggressively over the last six months 
and we were working on it even before that but we went really aggressive in terms of expanding 
our customer base and quickly producing the first articles and products for the various industries  
that we are working on with. 
 
Now, as far as Bloom is concerned, in fact, they are asking us to do more of their other 
requirements right now, which we are working on in terms of first articles for Bloom as well, 
which they have other suppliers but still, they want to come back to MTAR, the kind of quality 
we are supplying to them. So, I don't see any risk in terms of Bloom volumes going down. You 
can see only an upside from where we are today. So, what we have taken into our guidance is 
what we have as of today and if anything goes upside then that's what I said, it will be an upside 
for us. So, I don't see any kind of risk coming from that angle.  
Abhijeet: 
Sir, what is your assumption in terms of Bloom revenue growth for FY '25? Overall, we have 
guided for around 30%-35% revenue growth for FY '25. So, in that what is the Bloom revenue 
growth component? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We have taken hardly about 15%. So, the growth is coming from the other sectors, especially in 
the aviation sector, which we are very upbeat about it and it's going to grow even larger in the 
subsequent years as well, as we streamline our operations in the aviation sector. 
Abhijeet: 
The second question would be, sir, Q4 gross margin is at around 45% versus an earlier 
expectation that given that domestic revenue mix would be much higher in the second half the 
gross margin profile would look much better. And this is what is worrying me is that the gross 
margin profile, what would be sustainable gross margin profile? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
And especially I think we have garnered a lot of MNC Aerospace business. So, in that particular 
stream of business is the margin profile a bit inferior compared to the other businesses that we 
have? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Well, the MNC Aerospace is the sector margins are not inferior. To begin with, we look at 
margins of 20% to 22% but it would improve as we streamline the operations, as we ramp up. 
So, in terms of reduction of cycle times, improvement in operations and stuff like that. So, over 
the next one year, we'll see a much better margin coming because of the improved operations on 
the shop floor. That's how it's going to work with any of these new verticals that we're working 
with. So, that should not have any issues in terms of impacting our margins for these new 
products. 
Abhijeet: 
Right, sir. That would be it. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Thank you. If I add to my MD, as he was explaining in space some of the products were deferred 
to next financial year. We are carrying the inventory at a cost basis. A lot of price escalation 
clauses are there, which will crystallize once we deliver in this financial year. That is also one 
of the contributors to the margin difference but our margins are intact. There is  not an issue. 
Abhijeet: 
Right, sir. Thank you, sir. That's it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Ashish Jindal from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Service. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Hello, sir. Ashish Jindal retail investor. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Hi, Ashish. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Good morning, sir. So, my question is, Bloom energy has already low reserves and their losses 
are eating into their reserves each year. Their share price depicts their investor outlook for the 
company, which would make raising fresh money difficult. Do you not see any solvency issue 
with the company? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, I really don't see that. If you look at the recent developments in Bloom energy as well 
whether you heard or not, they've also signed a contract with Intel recently with one of their 
major customers. And also, they have enough order books to handle the various requirements 
they have. So, as I mentioned earlier, basically, it is a transition phase for Bloom moving from 
one system to the other system and making it sustainable over a couple of quarters. 
 
But I don't see any reasons in terms of having any risk in terms of the revenues that we can 
generate through Bloom over the years. And in fact, we're adding a lot more products which 
they're asking us to do moving forward, which we're working on right now. So, I don't see any 
issues out there. That's what it is. I'm in constant touch with them. But we have still taken 
numbers what we think should be as of today. But anything which the demand goes up in the 
second half of the year that we have to see. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ashish Jindal: 
Okay, sir. So, my next question is that MTAR guidance for FY '26 comes to a little above 
INR1000 crores. Can you please bifurcate the Bloom and non-Bloom guidance for FY '26? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, basically, if you remember we were at 70% with Bloom. Our aim over the next three to four 
years is to -- We're not worried about Bloom coming down. Bloom will do the numbers higher 
and higher. But our target is to bring down diversified to various customers so that the Bloom 
percentage would come to around 35% to 40% or even less. So, in FY '26, if you look at it, it 
would be around that range.   We're looking at about INR450 crores or INR500 crores or even 
less than that. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Okay, sir. So, my last question is, can you please give some information about the long-term 
defense sector outlook for MTAR? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We are working on variousaspects. You know, we also have a defense license, if you remember 
that. So, our R&D is still working on various products that we can really work with them. In 
India, it takes time to get them certified and with various of these products. But what will help 
us is to collaborate with MNCs to bid for the projects which the army is looking for in the long 
run. So, this license would help in that way. 
 
So, on an immediate basis. So, we are looking at such projects as well. But our main focus 
defense is very cyclical in terms of what we can get. But fortunately, we are in multiple 
segments, diversified portfolios. So, it helps us to take our time to build our defense portfolio in 
the long run. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Hi, sir. Sir, can you give us a little guidance on the order mix, order inflow mix in the next year? 
How we are seeing order from agreement as well as from Bloom? And also, H1, how you are 
seeing and versus H2? Which half will we have the bulk of the orders mostly? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the most important thing is we have enough orders for this year to execute. Our guidance 
of revenues is not linked to the orders. Second is, if you look at nuclear, as I have said earlier, 
we are expecting INR500 plus crores of orders from tender 5 and 6   
 
Those tenders are all finalized, but I think they are going to open the tenders probably in the 
month of June. When they are going to do that, I am not aware, but that is what they have said. 
And once they do that, there is a process for which ultimately MTAR getting those orders, but 
we have not plugged in those revenues linked to these orders for this financial year. 
 
So, the nuclear segment order book will be very strong by the end of the year, because there is 
going to be a refurbishment of the Tarapur reactor as well, which MTAR will get involved. And 
that will happen during the second half of this year, where we should back the order by the end 
of this year. And that is another INR130-INR150 crores of orders. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
So, totally we are looking at about INR650 plus crores of orders flowing in. And these orders 
will be executed in the subsequent financial year. So, the nuclear segment will eventually move 
up the ladder in terms of revenue stream year-on-year basis. So, that is where we are looking at 
as far as nuclear is concerned. Space, we get regular orders, which we continue to get within the 
year. We are expecting another INR70-INR80 crores of orders coming in in the current financial 
year. 
 
And obviously, in the aerospace sector, which we are signing various agreements right now. We 
are very upbeat of it and we are expecting substantial orders coming in because of the kind of 
first articles work we have done. And we will continue to do those first articles for various  
MNCs during the current financial year. So, we might close in with an order book of INR1400-
INR1500 crores by the end of the year. That is what we are expecting at this point of time. 
Anupam Goswami: 
And when do we see the Bloom orders also recovering? And also, sir, because we did some 1400 
level of revenue this time, but our gross margin were grossly impacted. And so is EBITDA 
margin. How do we see this improving? Even though we have orders to execute, but how do we 
see the margin improving? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The margins would improve over the second half of the year. We are progressively improving 
our margins because the operating leverage, what we had with Bloom, has reduced right now 
because of the lower volume. But it will definitely go up as we move forward. And obviously, 
we have added a lot more other customers right now. So, definitely, quarter-on-quarter basis, 
our margins will improve definitely. 
 
And as I said, even in FY ‘26, our margins are going to go up by 2%-3% not just higher. So, that 
is what is going to happen. So, the Bloom volumes are going to be higher. See, we have taken 
3300 units. Last year, we have done 2700 units. The volume go up that will create a lot better 
margins, which we have not considered right now. But definitely, we are seeing some kind of 
uptrend happening in the second half of the year. And let's hope for the best. That's what we are 
looking at. But we have not considered that as of today. 
Anupam Goswami: 
So, Bloom orders will also… We are expecting about second half of the year to recover? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Definitely, that's what we are looking at right now. For sure. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please, go ahead. 
Meet Jain: 
Hi, sir. Just on the guidance part, like earlier, we are targeting around INR900 crores of revenue 
in FY ’25, and which cut down to almost INR750 crores. So, where was this major gap coming 
in? And also, on the space side, we have added around INR150 crores of top line in FY ‘25. So, 
are we firm on that guidance? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, we are. As of today, look, We have taken a conservative outlook. We would like to do that. 
We are firm on this. Looking at what has…As I explained earlier, what has happened in the past 
financial year, we are very clear about it. But what is most important is, as I have explained, we 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
have done a lot more work in terms of building the proper growth for the company for the future. 
In the last year, it does not reflect in numbers. 
 
But yes, we have taken this guidance very cautiously. And we will see how it will go from here 
quarter-on-quarter basis. This is the beginning of the year, and we will see how it goes quarter-
on-quarter basis, how it will move. But it will move… It is not going to be on a downtrend for 
sure. That much I can guarantee every one of you. But it will definitely -- that is how we are 
going to purchase guidance, and that is how we will move forward. 
Meet Jain: 
So, just to understand, where is this major cut coming from? Like, earlier we added clean energy 
to INR400 crores of revenues. So, are we seeing a major cut from the clean energy part because 
of Bloom's order book? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes. Partly on the clean energy part, we have reduced -- also, we have not cut the clean energy 
revenues, part clean energy revenues as well as of today. So, we have reduced at various levels. 
But certain things happen, then we go back to the numbers what we are looking at. But as of 
today, this is where we start. 
Meet Jain: 
Okay. And on the same for the margin side. So, margin, like we are expecting around 22%, 
margin FY ‘25. So, where are we still seeing higher cost? Can you guide that also? So, are we 
doing more first articles? That's why we are guiding some kind of lower margins and expanding 
there. Can you throw some light on that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, absolutely. Because, see, when we do the first articles, even for like last 6 months to 9 
months, we are working on first articles, there is a lot of expenditure incurred in that, right? But 
what it gives you is a very good revenue stream and EBITDA margins moving forward once we 
streamline the operations. 
 
So, definitely the EBITDA margins will get improved once we establish all these verticals, 
which, fortunately, our team has done a great job in securing these agreements and convincing 
the MNC customers in what we have shown them. So, definitely we will see improvement in 
these margins as and when we streamline the operations in terms of the new verticals that we 
have developed right now. 
Meet Jain: 
Okay. So, as you mentioned earlier, our margins from the Bloom Energy orders have also 
declined. So, how soon can we expect that to improve? Like you mentioned, from second half. 
This is based on the volumes that we are doing in FY '25. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, that's right. See, as of today, the kind of volumes we have given the guidance, that's where 
we stand. But, if there is an upside to it, then obviously the operating leverage will be much 
better and the margins will improve. So, we are definitely expecting an upside to it, but we don't 
want to talk about it right now at this point of time. And we will stick to this initial guidance for 
the year. And as and when things improve, we will obviously inform all of you. 
Meet Jain: 
That's a last question. As we recently got the defense license, and we also mentioned that we are 
looking for some partners. So, where are we on that? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We are working on that. In fact, we are having a couple of meetings even in the month of June. 
So, that's a process by itself, right? Waiting for the tenders, jointly, collaboratively. That's the 
fast track way of doing it because we have the license and we are working towards that. And we 
would like to work with companies which are in sync with us in terms of margins that we can 
maintain. That's also very important in such collaborations. So, we are working on such projects 
as I mentioned earlier. And once it happens, then we will let you know about that. We are 
sincerely working towards that. 
Meet Jain: 
So, are you also developing that in-house, any products for this defense, industrial license? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, we are definitely doing that. Our R&D is working on various products. Then there is the 
process of getting certified and all that. So, that's the process that we are following right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Hiloni from Pi Square Investments. Please, go ahead. 
Hiloni: 
Hi, I just wanted to get some clarity on the aviation sector long-term agreement that you spoke 
in the opening comments. Just wanted to understand what is the long-term agreement. I think 
you quoted around $ 90 million. So, can you just throw some light on the same? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, sure. See, basically, this is with Israeli Aerospace Industries where we are supplying the 
assemblies to them. This is a contract agreement to be supplying over the next 15 years. With 
an estimated value of  90 million plus or whatever, to 120 million over the next 15 years. So, 
this is one of the projects. So, we are also working on four or five other projects where, as and 
when we finalize everything, then such agreements will flow in. 
So, that's why I said over the next two quarters you will see at least about two to three more 
agreements happening with MTAR because ofthe kind of capabilities we have, We are also 
commissioning a state-of-the-art aerospace division in Hyderabad as Unit 7 which is getting 
commissioned in the month of June. This is being exclusively done for all these MNCs to execute 
their orders and requirements over the years. So, that's where we stand right now. 
Hiloni: 
Okay. And what would be your capex guidance for FY '25-'26? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
FY '24-'25, right? 
Hiloni: 
Yes, like for the next two years. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
For FY '25, we are looking for around INR70 crores to INR75 crores which includes the already 
existing POs which issued last year. So, FY '26 will not be that much. It is based on the new 
programs which we receive. We will take care based on the business case analysis like for 
example, for Fluence we require separate capex Hence,we will take a call on Capex based on 
the business case requirements. As of today, it is not factored into our FY '25. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rudresh Kalyani from Kalyani Private Business. Please go 
ahead. 
Rudresh Kalyani: 
Yes. So, we were doing something with in-phase program, right? So, when are we going to start 
minting money from that and any insight on that end? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Could you repeat the question, please? 
Rudresh Kalyani: 
See, we were doing some  space program with the in-phase, right? In-phase program of the 
government. ISRO. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes. Yes. So you are talking about the SSLV, right? So, basically, yes, that's a project by itself 
which we are working on which is like a 4 to 5 years kind of a project which we are working on 
with a team of scientists that we are working on right now with our team and it would take that 
much time to develop the launch vehicle. So, we are working on that and that's where we are 
right now. So, it's a 4 to 5 years kind of a program. 
Rudresh Kalyani: 
So, we are not expecting anything from it until 2027-28 something like that. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, it takes that much time, right? To build a launch vehicle. It's not that easy. So, we are 
working on that which is a very unique vehicle with a liquid propulsion engine. So, that would 
take that much time. 
Rudresh Kalyani: 
And one more question is on see few months back the government quoted 1 gigawatt hydrogen 
fuel project. So, are we doing anything on those lines and entering into that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We are not entering into that but the final product manufacturers like Bloom and other companies 
who have the right product to do it they will definitely enter into that and we are doing the 
contract manufacturing. So, once these projects come into limelight and any of these orders are 
booked then obviously MTAR will get benefited from those. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, can you talk about the US business has any impact of higher cost of capital to Bloom or your 
business also and how is the any policy change you are expecting for US election going on in 
November 2024? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We are expecting better policies moving forward as well. So, I think we all know that the 
elections are happening in US in November. So, a lot of companies are holding back until such 
time to see the change of policies or better obviously there will be better policies in place. That's 
what we are looking at. But lot of companies are looking at it until the elections are done. So, 
we have to wait and watch and see how it goes. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And, about the increase have cost of capital increased any impact on your business capex size 
and all? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Gunnesh, you want to answer that? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
See, the cost of capital is not, presently for working capital that I am talking about. Our cost of 
capital is only 6 percentage. But in case of US dollar loans and capex related, we will use the 
US dollar loans since we have a natural hedge already. We will use US dollar loans and see that 
our cost of capital will not be more than 8% or 7.5%. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
I am talking about your business, your client in US and cost of capital has increased there. So 
any US demand, kind of Bloom demand any impact on the capex of US because of higher cost 
of capital and you are getting faced with this higher cost of capital through Bloom? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, if you look at the companies which Bloom is dealing with, most of the equipment they are 
selling outside say like dealing with companies like Apple, Google, all this kind of companies, 
hospitals, which are well funded. Intel, for example. I don't think that is going to be a major 
impact for Bloom as such in terms of increase in capital cost in United States. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Our pricing are fixed and there is no impact to our cost of capital for Bloom,  or USA. So, over 
prices are fixed. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And any competition from solar powered and hydrogen? The cost  conversion, people are sifting 
more towards solar not the hydrogen? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No hydrogen as I said is going to take time. It is something which everybody wants to do at the 
end of the day. For example, did you imagine that 10 years back will have electric cars, but if 
you ask me today, probably 7 to 8 years from now you will see more of hydrogen related 
locomotives. So it is a matter of time that we move to that zero carbon emission. That's what the 
whole world is looking at because of climate change and that's what they are giving a lot of 
incentives subsidies in terms of getting into this line of activity moving forward as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next follow-up question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from 
InCred Research. Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Just wanted to said  so, what is happening with Bloom is that there is a lot of demand of data 
centres in US due to generative AI boom, so that is actually resulted in people being very 
optimistic about the company. So how do you see that playing out will that lead to incremental 
demand in coming years over a longer term view point and data centres will also come to India 
ultimately and India Bloom does power for Intel in Bangalore. So let say data center ramps up 
in India and grid obviously wouldn't be able to supply all that powers. So that's where Bloom 
fits in. How do you see that developing over let say next 3 to 5 years? How would that 
developing? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
This is what the Mr. K.R. Sridhar, the CEO of Bloom has mentioned even six months back. That 
its going to see a real upside in terms of the artificial intelligence, AI data centres coming into 
play in the United States as well as all over the world. Bloom plays a perfect role for such data 
centres. These are already powering some of the other data centers as well today. So the AI data 
centres are going to be a real upside for Bloom as well the progress over the next three, four 
months to five months, six months. So the long-term, yes, definitely that is going to have a major 
upside for Bloom as well, which we have even seen the recent articles of how  these AI data 
centres are going to give a positive impact to Bloom moving forward as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that will be our last 
question. I will now hand the conference over to Mr Srinivas for closing comments. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you very much for attending our earnings call. And As I said earlier, that we definitely 
had a pause of our earnings for FY ’24 but we need to look at our long-term goals of MTAR and 
kind of work we have done in the past one year to build a strong customer base to enable a very 
robust long-term trajectory for the company. I would like to once again thank my entire 
engineers, middle and senior management, of MTAR and obviously all the shareholders and 
investors who have been supporting us. And we really look forward for better and better 
performance moving forward over the next 3 to 5 years. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
