 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113 
www.sbilife.co.in 
 
May 03, 2024                                                                           SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2425/28 
 
Assistant Vice President                      
 
                      General Manager 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
                      Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
 
           BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
 
 
 
                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
 
 
 
           Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051                                            Mumbai 400001 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE                                                             BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q4 of FY 2023-24 
 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2425/13 dated 
April 18, 2024 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with Schedule 
III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call held on Friday, 
April 26, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts/investors is hosted on the 
Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Girish Manik 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 26391  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
Girish 
Mahesh 
Manik
Digitally signed by Girish Mahesh Manik 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4557, 
pseudonym=1335270825097401595nmzCW6
TfYJLm8, 
2.5.4.20=45909a25349fece5cfbac3dd8a43a4cd
12a446253b8e885e2bc1e3cac77b996f, 
postalCode=400601, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=845f42eb9682c55d03763d63d9
59d54da8bb973e0aa90ba69852a3bc047b0f7b
, cn=Girish Mahesh Manik 
Date: 2024.05.03 19:39:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 26, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AMIT JHINGRAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO 
 
MR. S. VEERARAGHAVAN – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. SANGRAMJIT SARANGI – PRESIDENT AND CFO 
 
MR. ABHIJIT GULANIKAR – PRESIDENT, BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
MR. SUBHENDU BAL – CHIEF ACTUARY AND CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
MR. PRITHESH CHAUBEY – APPOINTED ACTUARY  
 
MS. SMITA VERMA – SVP, FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBI Life Insurance Company Q4 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran, MD and CEO, SBI Life Insurance. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Good evening, all. We from SBI Life Insurance Company Limited welcome you all to 
the results update call of the company for year ended March 31, 2024. We appreciate 
and thank you wholeheartedly for your time this evening. Update on our financial results 
can be assessed on our website as well as on the website of both the stock exchanges. 
 
Along with me present here today are Mr. S. Veeraraghavan, Deputy CEO; Sri 
Sangramjit Sarangi, President and CFO; Abhijit Gulanikar, President, Business 
Strategy; Subhendu Bal, Chief Actuary and Chief Risk Officer; Mr. Prithesh Chaubey, 
Appointed Actuary and Ms. Smita Verma, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor 
Relations. 
 
We are pleased to inform you that we have successfully maintained the new business 
thrust and have again delivered enduring performance in this year as well and we 
continue to be the market leader across individual and total business. We have sourced 
highest number of policies in the private industry. This aligns with regulators objective 
of insurance for all and our goal of broadening our customer reach through our 
customer-centric product offering. 
 
The performance of the company demonstrates our distribution strength and expansive 
outreach to the customers in a cost-efficient manner. Our commitment is to deliver 
sustainable long-term returns and a holistic growth for all our stakeholders. 
 
During the financial year 2024, we continue to remain focused on growing our business 
at sustainable rate, offering varied products in our basket to align with the customer 
demand, creating a balanced distribution mix and maintaining a best-in-class cost ratio 
and persistency levels. 
 
Let me give you some key highlights for the financial year 2024. New business premium 
registered a growth of 29% over previous year and stands at INR382.4 billion and 
maintained private market leadership with share of 24.6%. Individual new business 
premium stands at INR238.3 billion with a strong growth of 14% and a private market 
share of 25.8%. 
 
Gross written premium stands at INR814.3 billion with a growth of 21%. Protection new 
business premium grew by 15% to INR41.7 billion. Profit after tax stands at INR18.9 
billion with 10% growth over last year. Value of new business stands at INR55.5 billion 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
registering a growth of 9% over last year. VONB margin stands at 28.1% for year ended 
March 31, 2024. 
 
Embedded value stands at INR582.6 billion, registering a growth of 27% over INR460.4 
billion in March 2023. Embedded value operating earnings stands at INR100.5 billion 
with a growth of 11% and operating return on embedded value stands at 21.8%. Assets 
under management grew by 27% to INR3,889.2 billion. Robust solvency margin of 1.96 
as against the regulatory requirement of 1.50. 
 
Customer satisfaction is at the heart of our operations. we constantly strive to exceed 
expectation and enhance the overall experience for our policyholders. The 
improvement in our Net Promoter Score reflects the growing trust and satisfaction 
among our customers, highlighting our dedication to their financial well-being. It gives 
me immense pleasure to say that we have recorded NPS score of 72 in the current year 
as against 59 in previous year. 
 
We will now update you on each of the key elements in details. Let me start with 
Premium. Individual new business has grown to INR238.3 billion with a year-on-year 
growth of 14%. Single premium contribution is 31% of individual new business premium, 
which is mainly attributed to growth in our individual annuity product. If we exclude the 
annuity business, single premium contributes 12% of individual business. The company 
gained in private market share by 149 basis points to 25.8% and industry market share 
by 144 basis points to 15.9%. 
 
On individual rated new business premium, we stand at INR172.3 billion with a growth 
of 13% over last year and maintaining our leadership position with private market share 
of 23.3%, with a gain of 107 basis points and at industry level, we gained by 118 basis 
points and market share stands at 15.8%. 
 
Also, group new business premium stands at INR144.1 billion with contribution of 38% 
in new business premium and a tremendous growth of 66% over last year. The 
company gained in private market share by 635 basis points to 22.8%. Having said that, 
we have collected total new business premium of INR382.4 billion, registering private 
market share of 24.6% with a gain of 326 basis points. And at industry level, we gained 
213 basis points with a market share standing at 10.1%. 
 
Renewal premium grew by 14% to INR431.9 billion, which accounts for 53% of the 
gross written premium. To sum up, gross written premium stands at INR814.3 billion 
with a growth of 21% over previous year. In terms of APE, premium stands at INR197.2 
billion, registering a growth of 17%. Out of this, individual APE stands at INR174 billion 
with growth of 13%. 
 
During the year ended March 31, 2024, total 22.6 lakh new policies were issued. This 
reflects the company's intent to increase the penetration and achieve holistic growth. 
The company is aligned with the regulators vision of insurance for all and will continue 
to focus on various reforms, enabling deeper penetration of the life insurance industry. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Number of lives covered during the year ended March 31, 2024 is 37.9 million, 
registering a growth of 84% over previous year. 
 
Total new business sum assured registered a growth of 25% over corresponding period 
last year, as compared to growth of 19% at private industry level and a growth of 22% 
at total industry level. 
 
Let me give you details of the product mix. As on March '24, our guaranteed nonpar 
saving products are contributing 19% on individual APE basis. Individual ULIP new 
business premium is at INR137.8 billion, which now constitutes 58% of individual new 
business premium. Growth in ULIP is attributed to positive movement in equity markets 
and change in customer preferences. 
 
Individual protection new business premium is at INR9.5 billion. Group protection 
stands at INR32.1 billion with growth of 22%. Credit Life new business premium has 
grown by 9% and stands at INR22.6 billion. Other group protection business stands at 
INR9.5 billion and has registered a growth of 66%. 
 
On protection business contributes 11% of APE and registered a growth of 18%. 
Annuity business is INR60.2 billion and contributes 16% of new business premium. 
Under annuity, the company is offering immediate as well as deferred annuity options. 
Individual Annuity business is at INR50.7 billion with a growth of 22% over last year. 
 
Total annuity and pension new business underwritten by the company is INR89.3 billion, 
registering growth of 6% over last year. Moving to update on distribution partners with 
strength of more than 59,000 CIFs, SBI and regional rural banks, bancassurance 
business contributes a share of 64% and grew by 9% in individual new business 
premium. And on individual APE basis, it stands at INR117.2 billion with a growth of 
12%. 
 
Agency channel registered new business premium growth of 22% and contributes 18%. 
Agency channel individual APE showed a growth of 14% over last year and stands at 
INR48.4 billion. As on March 31, 2024, the total number of agents stands at 246,078, a 
growth of 18% over last year. During the year ended, the company added net 37,304 
agents. The share of agency business in individual rated premium has increased from 
27% in previous year to 28% in current year. 
 
During the year ended March 31, 2024, other channels like direct, the corporate agents, 
brokers, online and web aggregators, grew by 49% in terms of individual new business 
premium and 17% in individual APE. Linked business through other channels registered 
growth of 49% on APE basis. 
 
The share of other channels in new business premium has increased to 31% in current 
year from 21% in previous year. We are focused to strike optimum balance among 
various distribution channels, and we expect to grow by leveraging these multiple 
drivers and further strengthen our distribution network. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
The updates on profitability are as under. The company's profit after tax for the year 
ended March 31, 2024, stands at INR18.9 billion with 10% growth as compared to 
previous year. Our solvency remained strong at 196% for financial year 2024. Value of 
new business stands at INR55.5 billion with growth of 9% as against INR50.7 billion in 
last year. 
 
VONB margin stands at 28.1% for FY 2024. The shift in VONB is mainly on account of 
increase in share of ULIP business as compared to previous year. Embedded value 
stands at INR582.6 billion, a growth of 27% over previous year. Embedded value 
operating profit stands at INR100.5 billion with a growth of 11% over previous year and 
operating return on embedded value stands at 21.8%. 
 
The operational efficiency comments for the year are as follows. Opex ratio stands at 
4.9% for the year ended March 31, 2024 and our total cost ratio stands at 8.9% for the 
year ended March 31, 2024. With respect to persistency of individual regular premium, 
13th month persistency stands at 86.8%. The company has registered improvement in 
13th month and 61st month persistency by 126 basis points and 295 basis points, 
respectively. 
 
As mentioned in my opening remarks, assets under management stand at INR3.89 
trillion as of March 31, 2024 having growth of 27% as compared to March 31, 2023. 
Death claim settlement ratio stands at 99.2%. The company has registered an 
improvement of 78 basis points over last year. We are committed to delivering need-
based solution that addresses the ever-evolving customer needs based on customer 
profile, life stage and goal prioritization. 
 
The company continuous efficient usage of technology for simplification of processes 
with 99% of the individual proposals being submitted digitally. 45% of individual 
proposals are processed through automated underwriting. To conclude, we will 
continue to focus on long-term sustainable profitable growth, enhanced automation, 
and digitalization to ensure customer satisfaction in the long run, along with great value 
to all our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you all. And now we are happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a good performance. I have a couple of questions. I'm just looking 
at the EV movement. And there's a very big release in the mortality, morbidity and 
operating variance. So can you explain what really helps that? And we've seen 2 years 
of good reserve releases of that. 
 
The other thing on the monthly numbers that come out Jan and Feb were very strong 
months, what actually sort of went wrong in March because we would have expected a 
stronger March to come through as well. And can you also comment a little bit about 
product level margins. So are we seeing any changes in the nonpar and par business 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
sort of margin at the margin level. So, yes, those would be my three questions to begin 
with. 
Management: 
Yes, Prithesh, go ahead. 
Management: 
Yes. On EV part, if you look at the operating variance we have make the mortality 
positive variance, this is a similar thing last year as well if you look into that. And as we 
keep mentioning that we adopt a prudent approach while setting the assumptions. And 
our experience is much better than what we assume and that’s the reason you are 
seeing the positive variance. 
 
Other point that we've mentioned last time as well that in the group platform we always 
wanted to take the schemes which are profitable and those schemes also contributed. 
We are not just seeking to get the market share in the group term business or credit life 
business. So both the places you are seeing higher mortality variance coming into. 
 
On the product level margin, I think we don't disclose on the product level, but I can say 
you that each and every time we review our product in terms of movement in the interest 
rate and all other experience. And within the product, we try to optimize the value both 
in terms of the margin for the shareholder as well as the better return and better offering 
to the policy holder as well. 
 
And some of the things that we keep adopting the segmented approach in terms of the 
product offering. So different segments had different experience and we try to reflect 
those segmental experience in our product offering and that is also helping to get the 
margin enhancement. 
Last quarter we have launched two pure TROP products in higher segment which is 25 
lakh and above, which has been attractive in the market and that's also helping 
enhancing our margin. And we expect this is going to further enhance our margin on 
that level. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
If I get you correctly the mortality morbidity releases are more from the group business 
and from the retail protection business? 
Management: 
This is across all because it's a reflect of our composition of existing business. So not 
coming specific for any particular line, it keeps coming across all the lines including 
protection, including unit linked or even traditional product as well because we keep 
selling traditional individual TROP. So all perspective they're getting this positive 
variance on that. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. But would it be more from the group business, any sense on the contribution? 
Management: 
I don't say this is especially coming from the group business. I think overall basis is 
coming from. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just could you repeat the point on 
the VNB margins, what has contributed to improvement in margins? 
Management: 
No, we are not saying that what has contributed in margin. I think if you look into the 
last March to this March there is reduction in the margin especially on the account of 
product mix. If you look into the December to this December our margin stands at the 
same level.  
So what we tried to explain in the earlier question when asking for opportunity on the 
product level margin, we say that we always optimize these things on the segmented 
approach reflects the experience of that segment. And within the product line, there is 
a lot of opportunity to optimize the value both from the customer as well as shareholder 
in terms of margin. 
 
So that's the reason within the line even we'll do the similar level of business as we are 
slightly business. There is a possibility for enhancing those value for the shareholder 
and that’s the reason we're getting to able to maintain this margin. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And just structurally how should we think about margins and growth for SBI Life from 
FY '25 perspective, which are the product segments that would kind of see growth and 
particularly whether the nonpar segment would start contributing to growth again in FY 
'25, how do you see the product mix kind of playing out in FY '25? I understand, 
generally you all say that it depends upon what customer demands, but still ULIP has 
been picking up momentum, whether that momentum should sustain or how should we 
think about product mix and profitability for FY '25? 
Management: 
If you look at the product mix and you yourself said that ULIP was flavor of the season 
last year which you very well understand was coming from the very good performance 
of the stock market. So the equity market performance reflected into the increased 
demand for ULIP products.  
Going forward, while we continue to offer all kind 
of products to all segments of customers, and it all depends on the customer's choice. 
Having said that, we will definitely like to grow our protection and nonpar business also 
in the coming year for a healthier product mix. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And that should reflect -- ideally, if that translates, that should reflect into better 
margins? 
Management: 
Yes, definitely, that will affect our margins and that effect will be for the positive, I must 
say. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And sir, could you give some granularity on the individual annuity, which has 
been growing very strongly for you? And how does the annuity impact your VNB 
margins? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Management: 
So on the growth, as you know, retired people is the fastest growing segment of Indian 
population and the NPS scheme is also giving good feel to the annuity business. So in 
terms of volume growth, we expect annuity to be a long-term growth story in India. 
Prithesh, anything on margin. 
Management: 
I think this annuity is a very profitable business for us. And it is helping us to enhance 
the margin for the company. So we try to reprice actively, try to get the business at a 
cost which is reflecting to the investment return and margin enhancing. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Would the profitability be higher than the company level? 
Management: 
We don't disclose, but the moment I'm saying that it is helping us enhancing the margin 
is giving this rate as well. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Can I squeeze in one last question. The private players, all the other private players as 
well are now looking for more granular growth wherein they would be entering Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities branch expansions. SBI Life, I think has a better presence in those cities 
and geographies. Would you see increased competitive pressure with respect to 
commission payouts and resultant also some pressure on margins because of the kind 
of competition that could come in. And, your thoughts on competition increasing in Tier 
2, Tier 3. 
Management: 
So our presence SBI Life's presence through SBI branches as well as our agency 
network has already been strong in not only Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, but also in the rural 
areas. So even now there exists a lot of scope. Having said that, we also say that we 
don't play the commission game to increase the top line and we will going forward also 
stick to that. We will meet the customers' expectation. We'll provide them better 
experience and that will drive our business in the coming year also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, actually the biggest question what I have is that 
in the current quarter, your banca channel seems to have been muted, very muted 
actually because you don't have a base problem what other private companies had. 
And the growth has been pretty weak in the banca channel low single digits. Sir just 
wanted to understand what led to that muted trend in the banca channel growth both in 
SBI and other banca relationship? 
 
And I think one of the participants asked that question why March suddenly fell off the 
cliff when Jan and Feb were good. So I just wanted to understand how do we read these 
numbers? And how you expect banca to do going ahead in that sense. That's my first 
question. Maybe after you answer that, I might squeeze in one more. 
Management: 
So if you have been following the company, you will be aware that the banca channel, 
over the 4 quarters, December quarter is always the best, and that was true this year 
also. Last year also, the banca channel after December performance, this is the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
seasonality of the company and the banca channel, which reflected in this month also. 
As far as March month is concerned, the industry figure, if you consider then our 
performance vis-a-vis industry has been at satisfactory level. The industry has gone 
muted in the month of March. 
Sanketh Godha: 
We understand that point, but other players had the problem of high ticket policies of a 
bigger base. We did not have that problem, but still the growth was pretty honestly, no 
one in the industry would have expected a negative growth in the month of March as 
realized. So just wanted to read that in conjunction with the lower banca growth. So 
anything to read there that SBI intentionally slowed down or some diktat came from 
some which led to that muted growth is the whole point, which I want to conclude. 
Management: 
Nothing like SBI slowing down or anything. Month-on-month number, I think the quarter 
number, if you compare, it will be better. We had a 6% growth over the quarter over last 
year. So there is nothing like that SBI is slowing down or something, SBI is our parent 
and we'll continue to have strong relationship with that banca channel. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, sir. Fine. I mean, because the reason I'm asking is that others which is nothing 
but your other PSU bank relationships that has been also muted at 8 percentage for the 
quarter year-on-year means that actually do sequentially very well. So again, and sorry 
for harping that point, whether banca has some kind of a stress, especially PSU Bank 
from a growth point of view. 
Management: 
No, banca is a very strong channel, and we should not read too much about one 
quarter's performance. It's a long history. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. And you're confident of the next quarter growth will be more than 15 percentage, 
sorry  for next year growth will be more than 15 percentage or do you still want to 
maintain that guidance of 20% growth? 
Management: 
So as of now we are not putting any number for the current quarter growth, but our long-
term growth targets and our CAGR we will definitely like to maintain. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, sir. One more question just on the protection business. See your individual 
protection was muted for the entire year. Credit Life was also muted. Individual 
protection declined 5 percentage, Credit Life just grew by single-digit 9 percentage, but 
large part of the growth came from GTL which grew 67 percentage.  
So just wanted to understand whether this mix or color will change next quarter -- next 
year I mean to say or you see on a bigger base individual protection is struggling to 
grow? 
Management: 
So individual protection is one line where we will continue to remain focused and we 
want to increase that business. The lower proportion in the last year, maybe a reflection 
of the customer's choice for the ULIP during the year as other analysts have also 
pointed out. So I would like to clarify that protection remains our focus area. And we are 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
also going to introduce some more products in this year for growing the individual 
protection business. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Abhijit, you are confident that the INR9,500 crores will be still repeat next year with the 
67% growth? 
Management: 
No. The overall protection is INR2,099 crores, Sanketh. 
Sanketh Godha: 
No. I'm referring to only GTL which you said is INR950 crores for FY '24. That number 
which is 67% growth year-on-year, you are confident that number of INR950 crores will 
sustain going ahead too? 
Management: 
Sanketh, we are focusing on as MD said for the overall growth of each segment within 
the protection, so it starts with individual protection. And Credit Life and GTI both it 
comes as per the planned numbers. And we expect that we will try to improve upon 
those numbers, but GTI as you know this is based on some specific transactions.  
And it depends on the geography to geography. So we will be focusing on overall 
growth. As Abhijit said, we have already launched two products during this quarter and 
we expect that the individual protection will grow in a better proposition than the group. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect sir. Thank you very much. That’s it from my side. 
Management: 
Thank you Sanketh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahek from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahek: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I have two 
questions. One is, what would be the reason for a negative INR285 crores of rewards 
in the quarter 4 results? And secondly, if I see that 37th month persistency it is at 71.3% 
which has seen a drop in this year. So I wanted to move the reason for the drop. That's 
all? 
Management: 
So there is this cohort of the COVID period. Last year, if you have noticed, if you 
remember the number, the drop was in 25th month and that COVID cohort has moved 
to 37th month and we have seen some fallout there. But there is nothing much to read. 
We have other persistency in all cohorts, 13th month, 25th month, 49th month and 61st 
month, everywhere it has increased. So that 37th month is one exception related to the 
COVID cohort. And you will like to answer about this? 
Management: 
Yes. So as you know we have also communicated previously that we appropriately 
made some provisions as far as the discussions going on with our respective banca 
partners. So which has actually we've seen that as per our estimates which we have 
designed or defined or we have achieved. So then the remaining we have reversed 
that. So this year, we will again see how it will shape up. And accordingly, if it is required, 
then we will provide it. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Mahek: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So firstly, I wanted to understand on the group savings side 
there has been a significant jump this year. Just wanted to understand what is driving 
that. And the second question was on SBI. I know you have answered this before, but 
I just wanted to understand that we have seen significant productivity gains there at a 
branch level. Now that seems to be plateauing. 
 
So would it be fair to assume that now further penetration within the branches could 
become more limited and you should be growing more in line with the bank as 
compared to ahead of the bank? Is that a correct assumption to make? Those are my 
two questions. 
Management: 
Look at the branch penetration in SBI. Our penetration in the overall customer base of 
SBI is only around 2%. And if you see the insurable kind of people with more than say 
10,000 balance, there also our penetration is between 3.5% to 4%. So that leaves us 
still a very, very large population of customers of 96%. So you cannot say that it is 
plateauing.  
We are making cautious effort to improve insurance penetration in the entire population. 
And there is our 96% kind of cohort where we have ample scope to improve the 
productivity further. 
Management: 
On the part of group savings as you know these are all lumpy businesses. So depending 
upon the corporate's requirement we get across the year and as principally we have 
been restricting our this number between around 18% to 20% of my total NBP so which 
I think we are under very much control. So we will look into on year on basis how this 
business will flow. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. And sir, just one follow-up to that penetration question. Just wanted to 
understand, do you have any idea about how many of these insurable customers may 
have an insurance policy with some company already? And how many would not have 
any insurance policy? Do you have any data on that front? 
Management: 
I don't think we have that kind of information available with us. 
Supratim Datta: 
Okay. No problem. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. Firstly, what all is constituted in other 
channels that we disclosed in bancassurance I think only SBI Bank is considered, but 
all channels are included. And secondly, if you can give the breakup of protection -- 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
group protection APE between group protect between GTI and Credit Life for FY '24 
and FY '23? 
Management: 
See, other channel consists of my all banker relationships excluding SBI and corporate 
agents, brokers and the other online channels also and the bifurcation of the group 
protection the difference is around 55% of the total protection is coming from this Credit 
Life and GTI. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Yes. Between GTI and Credit Life it will give the number what is the contribution from 
Credit Life and GTI in the APE individually? 
Management: 
So for GTI, it will be INR930 crores. And for Credit Life, it will be INR226 crores. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
So these are all APE? 
Management: 
APE. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thank you sir. That’s it from my side. 
Management: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hello. Good evening. Hope I am audible. So two, three questions from my side. First, a 
data-keeping question. If you can split your expected return on the existing business in 
your EV work between the unwinding at the reference rate and unwinding on real-world 
excess returns. I assume you used to report it historically. 
 
Second, on these other channels which has been the non-SBI non-agency channel 
which has been reporting quite a strong growth. I just wanted to get some sense of how 
do you think of the payout shaping up at these counters once you start expanding at a 
very fast pace at some of these counters? 
 
And lastly, on the margin front, let's say, next year when ULIPs, for example, let's say, 
we have to compress, do you see competitive pressure rising in some of the other 
channels in terms of the pricing pressure that maybe your competitors are willing to 
offer. So is there a risk to your product level margins? So those were my three 
questions. 
Management: 
Prithesh? 
Management: 
So on this EV basically, expected return perspective, we don't have readily available 
this number. So we need to reflect that. I think to be fair & comparable to the market we 
have used that. I think is the RFR what is coming from and then expected if you look at 
the total basis the return is more or less similar as last year. So it is coming on that 
perspective. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
And on the margin perspective I don't think much pressure will come on the anyone 
launching the product at all. We try to be reviewing and actively repricing our products. 
So our endeavour is either to maintain the margin or try to enhance those margins. So 
we don't see any stress coming on those products level margin. 
Management: 
And on the partners even this year we have some agreements with our partners for 
which we had made provision. So next year also, we will have some parameter-based 
numbers. So we don't see any significant pressure coming from that side. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, just one follow-up on the first question. Will it be safe to assume that your excess 
returns, I mean, the real-world excess returns, the assumptions have not changed 
meaningfully this year. Would it be a safe assumption to make? 
Management: 
Yes it is. That it's not changed much because as you mentioned the expected return 
and basically you look into your blended return that you expected, depending on your 
asset mix for existing portfolio and what do you expect in the future. So our approach 
is unchanged except might be some impact might have on account of the change in 
yield curve that accounted for the new investments. Otherwise, it's fairly safe. You can 
assume that at a similar level. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS India. 
Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Hi, sir. Congrats on good set. Wanted to understand again on the product level margin, 
are we seeing improvement in any of the product margin because even we are ULIP 
heavy, so we have managed to deliver a decent set and would this mean that this will 
become base margin going ahead, you can see further improvement with the mix 
improving in FY '25? 
Management: 
I think, yes, there is an improvement in the margin within the line of business. That's 
also helping us both on the non-par and protection side, even that we mentioned that 
we launched protection products where margin is slightly higher than what it used to be 
earlier.  
So we continue reviewing that. So we'll see the enhancement coming from. And if you 
summarize that if you're able to get the better product mix from the current levels that 
we are aiming for, I think there will be upside from the current level rather than any 
downside. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So another two products which you talked about which you have launched in this 
quarter, which means April running quarterly are basically focusing on the pure 
protection plan rather than ROP if I get it correct? 
Management: 
No, this is a two plan that we have launched in Jan. It is mostly on the TROP for the 
higher segment level with 25 lakh and above and we are in the process of reviewing 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
this and coming out with a pure protection product as well. As our MD also mentioned 
that objective is to continue to focus on protection. So we will be continuing reviewing 
the portfolio and coming out of other products, two or three products are already in 
pipeline in the protection side. 
Neeraj Toshiwal: 
Sure sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anurag Mantry from Oxbow. Please go 
ahead. 
Anurag Mantry: 
Just one question from my side. So there was total number of policies, the individual 
number of policies in FY '24 based on the IRDAI data has grown only 3% this year. This 
used to be like mid double digit last 2 years. So anything specific to understand from 
this? 
Management: 
See, overall we have been growing in a better shape as far as the number of policies 
are concerned during the last few years. This year, our improvement for the ticket size 
has shown growth over the number of policies. And we have anticipated a better 
number in our nonpar portfolio, which is consisting of both protection and nonpar 
guaranteed savings which has not come up as you have seen from the numbers.  
But we expect that this will correct in the coming years because as already mentioned, 
we are focusing on the product mix, which will go towards non-ULIP, so the number of 
policies will also enhance in the coming years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Thank you for taking my question. Just my first question is on the economic assumption 
change. So when I compare this economic assumption change the impact of this in the 
embedded value movement versus the NBV movement, the economic assumption 
change is positive for EV whereas negative for VONB. So can you please help explain 
this difference? 
 
And just a related on that before you change your assumptions, how many years of 
experience you observed as in the last 2 to 3 years or 5 years before you think that it's 
time to make the changes in the assumptions? And my second question is related to 
the growth differential between Tier 2, Tier 3 and Tier 1 cities, if you are able to share 
some growth numbers as in where the growth is higher in NBV. Is it higher in Tier 1 as 
compared to Tier 2 or Tier 3 or vice versa? 
Management: 
Prithesh, can you respond to the first part. 
Management: 
Yes. So I will respond to two question on the perspective. When you set the 
assumptions we do look into the historic experience, we look into that trend and in terms 
of the trend we look into the 5-year trend and 3-year trend. And objective is to look into 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
what is the emerging trend. And all our assumption reflecting to the emerging trend to 
reflect the demographics assumption recommendation. 
 
Other question, you are looking for economic impact of the economic assumption 
change. So when you look into this impact when you go to the EV, it reflect on existing 
book and that's changed from the point to the point. So if you look at the March changes, 
31 March 2023 to 2024, So when you look to the VONB perspective is the average and 
that's reflected the new business composition.  
And as you know that our also indicates the interest rate movement will have a different 
impact as unit-linked business and non-linked business. That's the reason we see slight 
variation coming from that prospect. 
Management: 
In terms of growth, it is more not Tier 1, Tier 3. It is more state and other customer 
segment growth, which has varied. We've not seen any significant difference between 
growth of Tier 3 terms compared to Tier 1 terms. There is no pattern that we can see 
there. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay. Just one follow-up on the experience. I think I remember just one of your peers 
they observed the last 2 years' experience before making any changes to the 
assumptions. So is it last 2 years experience for you as well or you wait for more years 
before changing any assumptions? 
Management: 
So we do take some longer period to ensure that our experience that we are going to 
use are assumptions safely is the credible enough. Now credible enough will also 
depend on the exposure of those lines of business, as we said that. But our view is not 
to make year-on-year changes. Our view is to make an assumption, which is 
sustainable for a longer period of time, and to some extent is a prudent seller. 
 
And second point, just to add to your question on this. When you look at the economic 
assumptions, EV and other. Other part is if you read this chart the economic 
assumptions for EV is not only economic assumption, it's also includes most of the 
economic variance and most of the things are coming on account of economic variance. 
That you expect it will return a much more than what you expected in the yield curve. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is around the GTI business. You shared 
the APE figure for FY '24, could you share that for the FY '23 as well? 
Management: 
So it is around INR600 crores. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And sir, this business while we're calculating our VNB for this, do we assume it 
to be a yearly sort of business or do we also make an assumption that the business 
could get renewed and so we kind of take it on a more multiyear type of recognition? 
Management: 
We use this is a yearly renewal business and this is a very lumpy business. This year, 
it is with you, next year might be gone to other thing and particularly as a company we 
try to acquire or renew the business from a profitable type of things. So we always 
assume this is one year business.  
Anirudh Shetty: 
And sir on the individual protection business you explained some challenges there this 
year because of ULIP doing well. But aren't the products serving very, very different 
needs, so was the challenge more from the customer demand side or was it more from 
the push side, from the distribution side where in they prioritized pushing ULIP? 
Management: 
So there is no change from the push side. We want to offer all our products to all our 
customers and we provide all solutions for every life stage cycle of the customer. It is 
customers' choice. And as I told earlier also in response to some other question, this 
year, the flavor was ULIP because of excellent performance of the stock market. 
 
So people preferred and were attracted to the equity returns. The kitty of investable 
surplus with the people is same. So if they are preferring ULIP, obviously, the other line 
of business, the share goes down. But from the company side, our focus is on all the 
products and we offer all the products that lay out in front of the customers. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And just one final question is when you think about the opportunity within. You 
had mentioned 2% penetration. Is that just for insurance or for all our savings products 
put together and you had also mentioned more -- the target customer, someone with -- 
correct me if I'm wrong, but more than INR10,000 savings balance. So I just want to 
understand that how did you -- how have we arrived at this INR10,000 saving balances 
a potential customer? 
Management: 
So that basically is SBI's internal data, and they run internal data analytics. That is what 
they have informed us. We don't have that customer list with us. That is the data 
analytics that SBI runs. And this 2% is for all the products, not only the protection 
product, for all products that we offer through SBI branches. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Punit Bahlani from Macquarie Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Punit Bahlani: 
So just on an APE growth basis. Your peers have said that they are expecting APE 
growth in line with industry level, but what would be your expectation sir? I know you 
don't want to give an explicit guidance, but will we be expecting higher than industry 
growth or in the high teens or what are your comments? 
Management: 
See, if I understand clearly you're talking about the APE growth vis-a-vis the peers 
comment on that subject, correct? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Punit Bahlani: 
Right. 
Management: 
See, if you have seen our trend in the past and current year also, we have been better 
off as compared to the industry within the industry also among the private players. And 
we will try to maintain that position going forward. And as we have mentioned, the 
growth trajectory will be similar what we have been seeing in this year and we'll continue 
to focus on the leadership as far as the private industry is concerned. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Got it. And sir, just confirming one thing on the margins front, you highlighted that going 
forward, growth will be driven by an improvement in the protection mix, you do expect 
further levers for margin expansion, right? 
Management: 
There is a probability because it depends on the product mix. If this switch will happen 
from ULIP to non-ULIP. So expectation is that if it goes as per the plan then there will 
be a positive shift in the margin. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Okay. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Roshan Chutkey from ICICI Prudential. 
Please go ahead. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to understand from a regulatory standpoint, 
what do you worry now? How should one think about it? 
Management: 
I think worry is the wrong word. Our regulator, the sector regulator is very active and he 
is taking, the regulator is taking all the right steps for improving the insurance 
penetration, overall sum assured, taking care of long-term, short-term customers, 
everybody. So we don't feel any challenge. The regulator is working for the customer 
satisfaction and the company's policy fully aligns with the regulator's policy. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
Thank you.  
Management: 
Thank you Roshan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as our last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran for closing comments. 
Amit Jhingran: 
So thank you very much everybody who was here and we had very fruitful discussions 
and the insights into the industry. I thank you again for all the time and all the queries. 
I hope we have provided you with satisfactory answers. If you need any clarification, 
you can reach to our Investor Relations Department and we will be happy to satisfy any 
other queries regarding it. Thank you. Good bless you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
  
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except 
for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or 
phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the Company and 
its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the 
future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the 
economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-
looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in 
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results 
could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
