 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office: 10/24 Kumara Krupa Road 
High Grounds, Bangalore 560 001, India 
T +91 8o 2237 8000, F +91 Bo 4147 9384 
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
CIN L17112KA1985PLC006647 
www.himatsingka.com 
 
 
REF: HSL/SEC/2024/41 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
To  
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 514043 
To 
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors. 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of transcript of conference call for Analysts 
and Investors held on Friday, May 24, 2024.  
 
Please note that the transcript of conference call is available on the website of the Company.  
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
 
 
 
Bindu D.  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M.N.A23290  
 
 
Bindu D
Digitally signed by 
Bindu D 
Date: 2024.05.31 
12:11:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Q4 & Full Year 2024 Post Results Conference Call” 
May 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SHRIKANT HIMATSINGKA –EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR – HIMATSINGKA 
SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANKARANARAYANAN M. - PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – HIMATSINGKA 
SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MS. SHILPA SHANBHAG – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGIC 
FINANCE – HIMATSINGKA SEIDE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRERNA JHUNJHUNWALA – ELARA SECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Himatsingka Seide Limited Conference Call 
hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities India Private 
Limited. Thank you. And over to you, ma'am. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private 
Limited, I would like to welcome you all for Q4 and full year FY '24 post results conference call 
of Himatsingka Seide Limited. 
 
Today, we have with us the senior management of the company, including Mr. Shrikant 
Himatsingka, Executive Vice Chairman & Managing Director; Mr. Sankaranarayanan M., 
President, Finance and CFO; Ms. Shilpa Shanbhag, VP, Strategic Finance. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka for opening remarks. Thank 
you. And over to you. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you, Prerna. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us on our 
earnings call. I will take you through a business update and then we'll be happy to take any Q&A 
that you have. 
 
So FY '24 has registered a stable operating performance on the back of stable demand, stable 
capacity utilizations and softening raw material costs, which is something that we witnessed 
through the fiscal. The capacity utilization during the quarter remained stable across our 3 plants. 
As you've seen, the utilization in our spinning plant came in at 100%, and the Sheeting and Terry 
plants were at 67% each. 
 
The demand environment remains largely stable and we remain focused on expanding our global 
client base, while enhancing our channel and market presence across all the key markets that we 
operate in. Raw material prices remained range bound and largely stable during the quarter and 
have contributed to Y-o-Y improvements on the operating performance. 
 
India remains a high priority market for us and the launch of our HIMEYA brand during the 
third quarter of fiscal has been an important and significant event for us. We remain optimistic 
on building our India presence with 2 brands, both Himeya and Atmosphere, and we continue 
to want to achieve revenues of approximately INR1,000 crores from India over the next 5 years. 
 
Moving on to some recognition. We won the silver trophies from the Cotton Textile Export 
Promotion Council, TEXPROCIL, for the second highest exports of Cotton Madeups in the 
Terry Towels category, and Cotton Madeups of the Bed Linen and Sheeting category as well. 
 
And we have also been certified Great Workplace by the prestigious Great Place to Work 
Institute, a global leader in workplace culture. These are some of the salient updates that we have 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
for you today. On the consolidated net debt, we've ranged down our consolidated net debt to 
INR2,634 crores, at the end of March '24 versus INR2,626 crores at the end of December '23. 
 
So I think all in all, these are some of the updates that we wanted to share with you. I'll be happy 
to take any questions that you might have. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Rishikesh from Robo Capital. 
Rishikesh: 
Sir, the current capacity that we have, what is the potential revenue that you can do? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Approximately INR4,000 crores, just over INR4,000 crores, is our estimate. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. And do we have any internal target to achieve the stable capacity utilization? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We would like to head in that direction and be running at full capacity over the next 18 months 
or so, 18 months, 2 years kind of time frame, if not earlier. That's what we assumed. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. And the INR4,000 crores does not include new initiative of Himeya brand, right? That 
will be a separate thing? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, that's part of this. But yes, there will be -- because it's our brand. So it will add some muscle 
to this number. But for your purposes, we assume that it's including that. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. And for Himeya, are we going to do any special expenses? Is there going to be any run 
rate or anything for the next 1 or 2 years? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, I think the initial period while we start up, of course, will be -- will have a skewed expense 
structure. But ultimately, the EBITDA profile, that the estimate coming through from India 
should be comparable to what we are talking today. And the band of EBITDA that I've shared 
with investors and other stakeholders, we typically operate in the 18% to 22% band depending 
on product mix and timing and market conditions. It's typically where we are in stable state. 
 
So the India growth will not -- we don't see it diluting our EBITDA profile. It will not dilute our 
EBITDA profile, is what we estimate. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. Got it. And regarding our revenue scale-up, so last many quarters, our revenue has been 
flat around INR700 crores. How do you see the revenues going ahead from next quarter 
onwards? Do we see any uptick on a scale up to the 18 months number you said INR4,000 crores, 
would that be a secular growth INR4000 in 18 months? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. I think we should see it progressively. I won't be able to share sort of views at a quarterly 
level. But I think progressively, that's where we should head. We've covered some distance over 
the last 1.5 years because some of our key clients faced some headwinds, so we have to make 
up some revenue streams on that front. 
 
Of course, there is an angle of the global overhang that one sees because of the crisis in the 
Middle East and the Russia-Ukraine situation, coupled with other macroeconomic headwinds 
that some of the major markets see. But our focus on enhanced product offerings and tapping 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
into new markets, new clients and new channels is something that we see offsetting some of the 
challenges on the market front. And we would like to head towards full utilization in that 18 to 
24-month period that I spoke about. 
 
And do remember that we always have the ability to further debottleneck capacities at our Terry 
Towels facility and our sheeting facility should demand improve. And then that could be over 
and above the numbers that I spoke to you about. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. Sir, would it be fair to say that we'll be growing next year almost 15% to 18% year-on-
year? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I'm sorry. I won't be able to spell that out. I think directionally, over the next 18 to 24 months, 
we feel that we'll be heading towards full utilization and we always have the ability to expand 
further should the need arise. We have a strong trajectory that we want to build with our India 
presence. And we can always tweak and debottleneck capacities depending on product mix. 
 
So all in all, I think that should give you a flavor of where we are headed. And I wouldn't be 
able to predict and/or sort of share what one would see at a quarterly level but progressively, 
that's where we would like to sort of head. 
 
And the last 1.5 years, we've had some headwinds from, as I said, some revenue losses because 
some of our clients faced some headwinds. We've also pulled out of some categories of products, 
which I've shared with stakeholders earlier, we lost INR200 crores on that front because we don't 
see that as core going forward. So we've had some of these challenges as well. 
 
But we have overall sort of remained stable. Our operating performance has come in pretty 
strong. Our EBITDA have been healthy. We've broadly bettered our overall revenue streams. 
And we remain now focused to be able to tap and garner more market share as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities India Private 
Limited. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, congratulations on strong margin performance throughout the year, being best of among the 
peers. We would like to understand what helped you attain these margins, whether it was better 
client mix, better product mix, better geographies? I mean just trying to understand what helped 
you to attain this sustainable improvement in margin in this year? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well, thank you, Prerna, for your thoughts. In fact, it's a confluence of things. It's product mix, 
it's brand mix. It is cost controls. It is our technology platforms, our shop flow configurations, 
efficiencies. It's all of these aspects put together. You have seen these numbers in the past from 
Himatsingka. It's not like you have not -- we have hovered in this region. We've seen this kind 
of EBITDA profile. As I said, it would fluctuate between 18% and 22% in stable business 
conditions. 
 
So my answer to you is it's a confluence of things. It's not just one thing that's led to this. We 
could see a quarter where this dips, we could see a quarter where it's a little better. But overall, 
we would like to be in this band. 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I understand that this could fluctuate, but given that you have been able to do 20% plus kind of 
margins throughout the year, just wanted more color on what has changed, which could help 
generate an improving profile throughout the year. I mean if you could give some granular 
insight about how product mix, has it changed or something, some color, whatever you can give. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Prerna if you look at our numbers in '17, '18, '19, first half of '20, perhaps fiscal '22 first half 
because second half had extreme levels of inflation. I mean, plus/minus 150 basis points, it's in 
the same range. So it's nothing extraordinary that we have delivered. Yes, it's been a stable 
performance in the margins, but it's not a first time for Himatsingka. 
 
And as far as your request on sharing more granular, let's say, aspects of operating performance 
that led to this kind of margin, I'll be happy to take it offline with you because it would involve 
a lot of intricacies and nuances, which will take a lot of time for me to explain. Give us a shout 
and we will be more than happy to take... 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sure. No problem. Sir, my second question is on demand environment. You mentioned that it is 
stable. Could you help us understand how it is in various geographies? Because you've been 
wanting to increase our geographical mix as well. So how has it been U.S. and how is Europe 
shaping up? I know Asia and GCC that we're targeting to grow. How are things in different 
geographies? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. So when I say stable, I mean I'm not really seeing any specific trigger for an uptick in 
demand at this point. Any growth that, at least as far as Himatsingka is concerned, any growth 
that will be coming through is really because of enhancing market share, enhancing client mix 
and product mix, and it's really going to be driven by a stronger mix of product, a stronger mix 
of clients, and a stronger mix of jurisdictions that we serve. 
 
So the absolute demand remains stable. I would say, there is an overhang of caution in major 
markets. So I'm using the word stable with a slight negative bias, if you will, at least in major 
markets. And therefore, we will endeavor to continue to enhance -- to continue to grow, will be 
driven by a broader product mix, larger client mix, and more markets that we serve. 
 
And that's why India is going to be playing an important role as well because we want to 
accelerate growth in this jurisdiction to be able to make sure where our growth rates are going. 
So we haven't achieved a whole lot of growth at all. If you ask me, Prerna, it's in single digits. 
But in order to be consistently growing going forward, these are the initiatives we think we 
should be taking. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood, sir. And sir, any color on the brand demand, in the branded portfolio? How are 
things there? Because there was inventory pile-up in the U.S. and now most of the brands are 
talking about correction in those levels and normalization. So how are things shaping up on that 
front? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I don't see much movement. I think that the same logic that applies to private label in terms of 
demand would apply to the world of brands. We are also consciously trying to take initiatives to 
turn our portfolio, to optimize brand costs and revenue streams. That's something we're doing 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
and that our Himeya and Atmosphere initiatives will also make that sort of goal that we want to 
pursue, in terms of making sure the cost of brands is better aligned for us going forward. 
 
But on the demand front, there's really nothing different vis-a-vis brands. It's not like this is a 
higher demand for brands vis-a-vis private label. I don't think that's the case. And  I think the 
logic of growth vis-a-vis brands will be the same as that of private label going forward. 
 
And as far as inventory is concerned, we want to try to see how we can reduce that further. So 
we are working on that. But actually, our priority is to make sure that we grow in India, to make 
sure that we do growth in international markets as well. And of course, parallelly work on 
working capital rationalization and optimizing working capital cycles, which we feel there is 
room to improve. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. What kind of reduction in working capital days we can expect  what's the room for it, 
improvement? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well, see, that's something I wouldn't want to specifically spell out. But I would say that we are 
working to be better our current cycle time. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Yes. Sir, my question is, again, on the working capital. As you just mentioned that you are 
focusing on reducing your working capital days. Then should we expect along with reduction in 
working capital days, your debt also to come down over a period of time? Because currently, the 
debt on books is on a higher side, and that is something is a cushion for us to lead our balance 
sheet maybe in the coming years. And as we are looking at more on investments in the Indian 
market, I think that is something one should look upon. So your thoughts on this, sir? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
You're very right. I don't disagree with anything you said. We are working to deleverage. We 
want to deleverage. And we are working on the same. And at some point, we would like to 
strengthen our balance sheet with more equity. So that's something that's on our radar as well, 
along with the ordinary course deleveraging. So we are going to be working on this from 2 or 3, 
let's just say, perspectives, and to bring down the leverage. So we are aligned on your thoughts. 
That's something that we are working on to bring down. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right. And sir, one specific point you mentioned about enhancing your market share. So will it 
happen to the quality of products you will be bringing forward into the market? Or is anything 
there to push yourself to gain those share or you regain those clientele so that your revenue 
trajectory would improve over the period of time? I'm not expecting it to happen in 1 or 2 
quarters but maybe from 1 year or 2-year perspective, are you expecting your... 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. Our plants are not just best-in-class vis-a-vis the quality of plants, the 
technology platforms, and so it's also amongst the most flexible manufacturing platforms in the 
space that we operate in. And so the product mix that we bring to market is broader. And we feel 
that's USP and something we can build on to garner more market share going forward. So that's 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
something that's going to drive this whole initiative of enhancing market share. Our ability to 
not just offer world-class manufacturing platforms -- sustainable manufacturing platforms, but 
also to give our global plans a product mix and base that would be, let's just say, unique. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And sir, had work started on this front? Or still we are in creating of the strategies and the things 
will start coming up in the market from the quarters ahead? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It should start from the quarters ahead. I mean I'm a little -- I should have delivered a little more 
on the growth front this year. We had some headwinds. So while it's been a stable performance, 
we are a little disappointed with the kind of growth that we have got. And we will be working 
on the same going to '25 and further. As I said, there could be quarterly movements, which are 
not necessarily in sync with the growth. But directionally speaking, we would want to continue 
to pursue that, obviously. 
 
Our peak revenues were about INR3,200 plus crores in FY '22, and then we lost some steam 
post some of the macro issues that the market faced. And so we want to head back in that 
direction and then onwards from there. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So just to conclude, the focus right now will be bringing back to growth, deleveraging our 
balance sheet maybe over the next 2 to 3 years. Is it the right understanding? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes, focusing on growth, focusing on deleveraging, and focusing on strengthening equity. These 
are the 3 things I would like to focus on, and that's what we've shared with stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Boring AMC. 
Varun Gajaria: 
So just a follow-up question on the debt front. So what are we doing there? And what is plan? I 
know you we might take a equity route, but when is that plan, how is that going? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Varun, we can't hear you clearly. I'm not sure what your question is. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Yes. So just wanted to understand. So you said that you might have -- you might take the equity 
route to strengthen your debt profile -- deleverage your balance sheet and strengthen your debt 
profile. So when is that planned and how is that playing out for you? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well, we'll have to do that sooner than later. It's something we're working on. The market 
conditions were a little volatile. So we are sort of waiting for certain things to improve. But we 
are cognizant of where we stand today. We are cognizant of us wanting to sort of strengthen our 
balance sheet and all the future benefits that it will bring. And I want to make sure that the 
company is poised for growth and strong balance sheet is important ingredient when you want 
to position yourself for growth. 
 
So keeping all of these things in line, we would like to strengthen and raise equity sometime this 
fiscal, that's what we're running for. 
Varun Gajaria: 
So what is your ideal debt-to-equity profile that you look at for that you look at that you think 
would be sustainable for the company? 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So we would like to bring our net debt to EBITDA levels to below 3.5x, which is where we used 
to be. And so we would like to head there. And we would like to make sure that our DSCRs are 
in the region of 1.8x to 2.2x. These are the important leverage parameters that we focus on. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. All right. And earlier, you mentioned that you've lost some business lately. So if you 
could just throw some light on that as to how that happened and what is the quantum of business 
that we've lost there, the 2 stakeholders you mentioned? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I'm sorry, I didn't get your question. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Earlier on the call, you mentioned that you've lost some business with some stakeholders lately, 
which has led to -- muted which is net to a muted year -- so if you could just throw some light 
on that, that would be great. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So one of our clients, Bed Bath & Beyond, we have lost market share with them because of the 
condition and then finally have to wind up. So specifically speaking, we had lost revenue on that 
front. Although it was gradual, but we have lost it and we had also consciously stopped trading 
certain products and things of that nature because that was not our core. These were 2 specifics 
steps. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. So essentially, inventory from there has been -- has there been any inventory pile up from 
Bed Bath & Beyond we must have had stags up some inventory there, is that right? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
There was some, which was then utilized in other areas and we focused accordingly. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. So that inventory is out, I suppose. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That's right. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, what is the quantum of business we got from Bath & Body Works? In terms 
of top line Bath & Beyond side? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I don’t have any specific about that. Unfortunately, it's sensitive data. But it was an important 
client and we have to lose revenue. But that's, I guess, something that happens from time to time. 
But those were some of the headwinds we had to sort of battle despite which we kept revenue 
stream stable with a slight upward bias. And as I said, our areas of focus are clear and our capex 
cycle is behind us. And we want to make sure that we are focused on these 3 things that we 
spoke about. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. And going forward, what will make you do further capex? What will be that trigger that 
you would think of additional capex now? 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We don't have any plans for any additional capex of any consequence other than our annual 
maintenance and organic capex requirements and something we've shared very openly and 
clearly with stakeholders. So we don't see any major capex coming in at this point. And our 
focus will only be to make sure that our leverage parameters, our growth trajectory and our 
equity base are attended to. 

Himatsingka Seide Limited 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you all for taking your time this evening and joining us for this call. I do hope I've 
answered most of your questions. There were some questions that needed more time and 
detailing, which I'll be happy to take offline. Do reach out to us and we'll take you through the 
queries. Thank you again, and have a nice evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
