 
 
30th May, 2024 
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code – 543714 
To, 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol – LANDMARK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds – 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) 
 
Ref: Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated 21st May, 2024 
 
This is further to our letter dated 21st May, 2024, wherein we had given advance 
intimation of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Friday, 24th May, 2024, with 
several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds with respect to discussion on the audited 
(consolidated and standalone) financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial 
year ended on 31st March, 2024. 
 
In compliance with the SEBI LODR Regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Friday, 24th May, 2024. 
 
We hereby further inform you that the aforesaid transcript is available on the Company’s 
website at: https://www.grouplandmark.in/investor-relation.html 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
For Landmark Cars Limited   
 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Mr. Amol Arvind Raje 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
(A19459) 
 
Encl: Transcript of Q4FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
AMOL 
ARVIND 
RAJE
Digitally signed by 
AMOL ARVIND RAJE 
Date: 2024.05.30 
16:27:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
“Landmark Cars Limited 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 24, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 24,2024, will prevail. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY THAKKER – PROMOTER, CHAIRMAN AND 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. ARYAMAN THAKKER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BASUDEB BANERJEE – ICICI SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Landmark Cars Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need an 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Banerjee. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks, Manav. Good morning, good afternoon to all the participants. Thanks to the 
management of Landmark Cars for giving us the opportunity to host the call. We have with us 
Mr. Sanjay Thakker, Promoter Chairman and Executive Director of Landmark Cars, Mr. 
Aryaman Thakker, Executive Director and Mr. Surendra Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer of 
Landmark Cars. So, without wasting any time, over to you, Mr. Sanjay bhai, for your initial 
comments. Thanks. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Good morning, Basu. Thanks for hosting us once again. On behalf of the company, I extend a 
very warm welcome to everyone for joining us today. On this call, we are joined by Mr. 
Aryaman Thakker, Executive Director and Mr. Surendra Agarwal, CFO and SGA, our 
Investment Relations Advisors. The results and presentations are uploaded on the stock 
exchanges and the company website. I hope everyone has had a chance to have a look at it. 
India is going through a structural change. This is being seen in the auto sales quite evidently. 
The auto sales for financial year 2024 grew at nearly 10%, while the luxury car sales grew at 
double of that, i.e. 20%.  
In the last call, I had spoken about the uncertain times that the auto industry is going through 
globally, as also in India as far as the technology is concerned. The EVs continue to get 
adopted faster in China while in some other parts of the world, the adaptation has clearly 
slowed down. In India also, there is a glamour for some tax concessions on hybrid vehicles as 
an interim measure. Several OEMs are trying to fine-tune their policies and new offerings in 
this dynamic changing world. 
India continues to be the chosen destination of all global OEMs and we have seen several 
Global Heads of various OEMs visit India in the last few months. In the last few years, some 
brands have been showing significantly higher growth than the industry and they look to 
continue this journey. There have been geographies which are also growing faster than the 
nation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Looking at the long-term need of the company to be a meaningful player and participate in the 
growth of India, we have embarked upon a significant growth journey. During the current year, 
we will be opening 24 new outlets with an investment of INR75 crores. You will notice that 
bulk of the investment is with the newer, fast-growing brands in the identified geographies 
where we want to achieve operating leverage. We aim to have approximately 20% of our 
proforma turnover of the company from these newly opened outlets once they are 
operationalized. You may refer to the slides in the presentation for more detail. 
We are now deploying the money as we see less froth in the market with the brands and 
geographies of our preference. You may recall that we had held back on expansion in the early 
part of calendar year 2023 as the terms of trade that we were looking for were unfavourable. 
All the expansions have been funded by internal accruals. You would have noticed that the 
company has generated INR112 crores of cash profit for the last financial year which is not 
much different from the previous year. 
Landmark will soon be present in 11 states with 10 brands, with 3 states of our presence: Goa, 
Telangana and Rajasthan which are new and we will be having this footprint across the 
growing vast states. In this industry, hardware, which is the infrastructure is easy to come by if 
one is well capitalized. What sets Landmark apart from others is the software, which is the 
people. 
Landmark is blessed by far with the best team that the industry can boast off. Over the last 26 
years, we have developed expertise in faster infrastructure development, operating in multiple 
geographies, multi-brand, system and processes while keeping customer experience at the core 
of our ecosystem. The focus for the current year will be on executing the task on hand. 
We will want to strive to operationalize the locations faster and have cash registers ringing. 
Our business is a very predictable and process-oriented business. It is a thin margin, high 
turnover business. We are mindful that cost rationalization will help us to improve our 
profitability. We have studied the topic at length and worked out several measures to bring 
down our cost of operations, especially other expenses and manpower costs. We expect our 
operating leverage to come into play on manpower costs soon. 
As a result, we are targeting to reduce manpower costs as well as other expenses to 
approximately 4% each of our pro forma turnover from the current elevated level. The current 
levels are higher also due to front-loading of expenses in some brands and lesser-than-expected 
sales in some others. 
The inventory levels have gone up in this quarter due to the opening of new outlets of 
Mahindra & Mahindra and MG Motors. In Q3 of financial year '24, we had successfully 
reduced our inventory and we are once again taking measures to bring it under control. In the 
last year, Landmark was not able to fully participate in the premiumization growth story of 
India as we were not partners with the topmost volume brands. This situation has changed. 
There is a certain growth that we need to have our operating leverage kick-in. We believe that 
with well-thought-out strategy, we have solved for the growth. The focus of the company was 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 4 of 22 
 
and will be generating high ROCE. For the immediate term, the company has achieved the 
objective of expansion. It is now execution. 
In a nutshell, I would summarize the situation as below; Indian auto market is well-poised for 
growth and premiumization. Luxury cars will outpace the passenger car market. Landmark is 
the partner of choice for OEMs who are keen to partner with Landmark. Rapid expansion is 
planned at Landmark. There is a big focus on cost rationalization and optimizing operations. 
As stated earlier, we should look at operations annually or over an extended period as it will 
provide a clearer picture of the positive outcomes from our strategic actions. 
With this, I hand over the mic to Aryaman to give us more granular details. 
Aryaman Thakker: 
Thank you. As mentioned by our Chairman during the previous calls, we have focused on 
expanding with high growth premium brands in the relevant geographies. These brands include 
the 3-M's of Mercedes-Benz, MG Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra. In the last few months, 
we have also added Kia to that list and expanded with them in Hyderabad and Kolkata. This 
move will help us to de-risk and cushion our performance against any cyclicality risk faced by 
any particular OEM. 
Along with the high demand for new cars, partnering with these brands in the given 
geographies offers an additional benefit of a sizable car park that can start coming to our 
service centres at the start of operations and thus helping us reach profitability faster. Over the 
last year, we have expanded our network by adding 20 new outlets which include 8 workshops 
and 8 Volkswagen pop-up stores. We have a strong pipeline of 24 new store additions coming 
this year. 
Coming to the after-sales business, our performance has been stable. Going ahead, this 
segment will be much more promising as the new workshops will ramp up after a few months 
of gestation period. Our pre-owned car business in its first year has exceeded our expectations, 
clocking a revenue of INR117 crores and this year we are looking to build further on this 
momentum. 
Let me now give you all an update on the performance and plans of our various partner OEMs. 
Mahindra & Mahindra was among the fastest growing brands in the Indian PV market with a 
29% year-on-year growth in FY24. This year as well, they are expecting to grow in the high 
teens which will significantly outpace the overall private vehicle market. They continue to 
have a large booking pipeline for models such as the XUV700, the Scorpio, Thar as well as the 
newly launched 3XO. They have recently announced plans to launch 16 new models by 2030 
which include 9 ICE SUVs and 7 all-new EV SUVs. 
MG Motors has announced its partnership with the JSW Group in India and they have also 
announced aggressive plans to grow volumes. They are aiming to launch one new product 
every 3-6 months starting from October of 2024 and want to be the leaders in new energy 
vehicles by 2030 with an estimated sale of 1 million cars. 
They have further announced plans to invest into localizing the supply chain. We have started 
our operations in Ahmedabad last month and in Mumbai this month. With these expansions, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 5 of 22 
 
we will now have 11 outlets for MG Motors across four geographies and we aim to become 
their leading dealers in India with a market share of over 5% of their sales volume this year. 
BYD has recently announced that the Ato III has received its homologation certificate. This 
takes away the 2,500-unit import cap allowing for market expansion. The BYD Seal which 
was launched in March has received a very positive response with over 1,000 bookings already 
pan India. The deliveries of the Seal have started this quarter and should ramp up. Our 
showroom in South Mumbai is already in the works and is likely to start operations in the next 
couple of months. 
We all know the success that Kia has enjoyed so far in India. We have been waiting for some 
time to partner with them in chosen geographies and with favorable terms. They have big plans 
for our country and will be expanding their production capacity by 1 lakh units. By 2027, they 
are planning to launch four new models including a dedicated EV for emerging markets. 
The new Carnival and the electric EV9 are likely to launch this year and they are expecting a 
10% CAGR growth till 2030. Mercedes-Benz is looking at India as a key growth market. With 
sales of luxury goods plateauing in some parts of the world, India offers a large growth 
opportunity for them. 
There has been a continued series of top-level visits from German HQ to India. They continue 
to be the luxury car brand of choice for Indian customers and sold approximately 5,400 units in 
Q4 of FY24 which was a 15% growth year-on-year in volume terms. The Mercedes-Benz also 
enjoyed a lead of 32% in volumes over its nearest competitor in the same quarter. 
The prices for Mercedes have gone up on an average of 3% from April 2024 which will further 
help increase the ASP. In FY24, Landmark has increased its contribution to Mercedes-Benz 
India volumes to 16.2% which was 15.2% a year back. For this year, Mercedes-Benz has lined 
up nine new model launches for India which include four top-end vehicles. 
There is a strong demand for their models with many of the SUV portfolio having waiting 
times from two months to over one year. We are confident that over the next few years, this 
brand will surprise us positively with its performance. 
For all the brands that we represent, Landmark has achieved a market share of over 5%. We 
are confident that with the new additions in our portfolio, we will reach this level of market 
share over a period of time. Apart from the growth brands, Landmark is also focused on 
rationalizing costs in performing as expected by way of sharing infrastructure and also right-
sizing our outlets. 
We closed six outlets of Renault in Punjab during this past year as a part of our strategy to 
align with premium brands and focus on healthy unit economics. In Mumbai as well, being an 
exclusive partner for Renault, we have agreed with the OEM to provide us with financial 
support till the volumes increase. In the meantime, we are also going to be reducing our 
footprint in Mumbai for Renault. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Every OEM has a cycle and with Jeep, we are hopeful that they will soon have a turnaround. 
The OEM is planning to launch EVs in India this year with the introduction of its Leapmotor 
products. These will be premium products and targeted more towards Tier 1 towns where we 
are present. However, we have already started taking some corrective measures in the 
meantime. 
 
The Jeep showroom that we have in South Mumbai at Worli will become a shared facility by 
taking out some space for our upcoming BYD outlet. We will also be sharing facilities in New 
Bombay between Jeep and Renault. At Landmark, we are objectively reducing our exposure 
with underperforming brands, increasing our footprint with profitable ones and partnering with 
successful brands to build for the future. 
 
I will now hand it over to our CFO, Surendra Agarwal to take us through the financial 
highlights. Thank you. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Thank you, Aryaman. Very good morning to everyone. I want to share some key performance 
metrics to illustrate how we performed this quarter and throughout the year. We continue to be 
the highest contributor in terms of volume of multiple OEMs. In the last quarter, our new car 
proforma sale was around INR1,077 crores across all our OEM partners and after-sale revenue 
was INR222 crores during the quarter. 
 
As seen earlier, there is a steady and sustainable rise in the average selling price of new car 
sales. The average selling price of cars for the quarter has gone up from INR20.5 lakh in the 
quarter Q4 FY’23 to INR22 lakh in Q4 FY’24, showcasing a growth of 8% year-on-year. In 
the year gone by, we have serviced 3,30,000 cars and the average service revenue increased by 
10%, rising from INR23,444 in FY’23 to INR25,768 in FY’24. 
In the cars sold, we saw ASP increase by 13%, rising from INR17.71 lakh in FY’23 to INR20 
lakh in FY’24. The increase in costs such as depreciation, finance costs and other expenses is 
on account of opening new outlets of new brands. For many of these outlets, we have incurred 
the expenses whereas the revenue contribution for some of the outlets started in the last week 
of March or early April. 
 
Our inventory position at the end of the quarter is on higher side as we have built inventory for 
a couple of outlets that started operations either towards the fag end of the quarter or in the 
beginning of April. Coming to the financial number of Q4 FY’24, our total pro forma revenue 
for the quarter stands at INR1,300 crores as compared to INR1,212 crores in the same quarter 
of the previous year with a growth of 7% year-on-year. 
The gross profit for the quarter is INR171 crores with a 19.8% margin on reported revenue as 
against gross profit of INR161 crores in Q4 FY’23 as 18.9%. The EBITDA stood at INR56.2 
crores versus INR63.8 crores in the same quarter last year. EBITDA margin clocked in Q4 
FY’24 being 6.5% on the reported revenue. Similarly, PAT stood at INR11 crores with a 1.3% 
margin as compared to INR24.3 crores in the same quarter last year. However, the cash profit 
for the quarter is INR25.1 crores as compared to INR30.4 crores in the same quarter last year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Let's now turn our attention to the full-year performance. Our full-year proforma revenue 
stands at INR4,655 crores which is up by 1.3% year-on-year. In FY’24 full-year, our gross 
profit was INR651 crores as against INR613 crores in FY’23. EBITDA for FY’24 stood at 
INR227 crores compared to INR250 crores in FY’23. Profit after tax for FY’24 stood at 
INR57.2 crores versus INR85.1 crores. 
Cash profit for the year is INR112 crores as against INR123 crores in the same period last 
year. One of the reasons for being lower PAT is due to depreciation and index impact by 
addition of new locations in universities. During the quarter, inventory increased and debt also 
increased primarily due to the addition of newer brands like MG, Operation in Ahmedabad and 
Mumbai, M&M in Kolkata with sales started from April. 
Thank you. Now I hand over the quorum for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask the question may press * and 1 on their touch tone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to 
use their handsets while asking questions. Ladies and Gentlemen we will wait for a moment 
while question  queue  assembles. We have our first question from the line of Pranay Roop 
Chatterjee from Burman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Hi. Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Am I audible? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. Pranay. Go ahead please. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
My first question is with respect to your gross margins. And when I say gross margins, it’s as a 
percentage of your gross revenue for Q4 FY’24 versus the same quarter last year or maybe 
even the last quarter Q3. So, this gross margin has gone down to about 12.8% despite the fact 
that year-on-year your after sales is higher in the mix and also despite the fact that your ASP of 
new car sales has gone to like 22 lakhs odd which is double-digit growth y-o-y. So, these are 
all supposed to be positive contributing factors to your gross margin and up fronting of costs 
should not impact this. So, just wanted to understand this. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Okay, so our gross margin impact on the quarter and quarter is increased from Q3 it was 
18.3% and now it is 19.8%. So, you are referring that? 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Sir, no sir because that is not true representation of your business. I am only looking at all 
numbers as a percentage of pro forma revenue. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Okay, so our gross margin for the quarter on pro forma revenue is 13.1% for the quarter as 
against 13.3% in the same quarter of the previous year. That's what you are referring? 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Yes, sir. I wanted to understand why this would reduce when ASP of new car has gone up and 
after sales in the mix has gone up. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, the thing is there are the couple of brand the model there is no new model. So, when the 
model has some sustained the period which is a past one year then there is some discounting 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 8 of 22 
 
started in those models. So, this is because of that. So, like in the VW case the last year there 
was a new model this year there was no new model likewise in Jeep also there is a discounting 
started in those brands. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it, sir. In that case that is understandable. So, is this 13% odd number a more sustainable 
number to look at for next year? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, Pranay what is happening is and let's look at I am going a little up in the air. The thing is 
that we are what are we doing right now? There have been the Indian premium and luxury 
market grew. Luxury let's keep it aside we are representing their well and we are actually 
increasing our market share. In the premium segment we were partners with brands which 
were not participating in this growth really and were de-growing and we had to quickly change 
this portfolio. 
This is what we are doing. So, with Mahindra, with Kia and MG and MG the meaningful 
numbers will start coming from October when the new models will start getting launched. So, 
that portfolio change will help us to retain the margins higher and kind of give the turnover 
that we so desire. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
So, I understand that but then the question remains right when you go into these newer brands 
basis the terms you have with these brands can 13% be a more sustainable number or can we 
go back to a 13.5 or higher number that we'll see? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes, Yes. So, look we have added all the three brands which we have added is the premium 
brand Kia, Mahindra and MG vis-a-vis the existing brand if you look at that Renault and Jeep. 
So, with these newer brands definitely it will go back to… 
Sanjay Thakker: 
The after sales numbers will start clocking which will have a higher margin. Right now we are 
not looking at their after sales number at all their contribution. So, I understand your point but 
the after sales also of these brands will start clocking along with it. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Okay, got it sir. So, okay that is clear and if you would have the number of so there is there's 
this index called same store sales growth which could be quite relevant for your business. So, 
would you have this tabulated from an annual perspective at least like FY '24 on FY '23 for 
serviced cars and new cars sold what would be the life-for-like growth number? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, what we will do is Pranay and every quarter you would have realized that we are 
improving the quality of our presentation and our disclosures whatever we are doing it we will 
improve on that and maybe from next quarter or even before that we will start sharing that with 
the people. Where what is happening is that some of our outlets are getting cut some of our 
outlets are getting reallocated to some other brand. So, but we will find a solve to it it's a fair 
question and we will try to see how we will be able to give you this information. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it sir and my last question is actually on your operating leverage guidance that you have 
provided in your presentation. So, in FY '25 if I think of it from a year-end to year-end 
perspective your total outlets are going to go up by 20% odd. So, 119 outlets and then 24 more 
and if I add up the annual cost base for FY '24 which is employee cost other expenses and the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 9 of 22 
 
renters lease rentals is obviously an estimate at this point we don't know what it is but this 
should all add up to INR500 crores in FY '24. Now, basis of outlet expansion how much can 
this number grow in the next year? 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen we have the management line disconnected please stay connected. 
Ladies and gentlemen thank you for patiently waiting we have the management back with us 
over to you sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Were we the only guys who got dropped out because Basu was also not able to join or some 
other investors also got dropped out what is happening here? 
Moderator: 
Sir, we will investigate that. Mr. Basu is also connected now. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
It seems some technical glitch from their side so I hope it resolves. So, sorry to all the 
participants so let's start sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, I'm taking this call from the mobile phone our audio system we are trying to connect back 
but let's in the interest of time of everybody let's continue with our questions. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Sir, should I repeat that question once? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, I don't know what Pranay you were asking have we got dropped out? 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Okay, no worries no worries sir I'll be quick. So, your total outlet expansion is going up total 
outlet number is going up by 20% over next year. So, in my estimate your total cost base 
employee plus other expenses and a broad estimate of what your rentals would be add up to 
INR500 crores for FY 24. In your estimate basis the outlet expansion plan how much will this 
INR500 crores go up by? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, we would not like to give guidance on this number as of now Pranay please appreciate that 
we have tried to be as transparent as we could under the circumstances we have given the 
outlet count we have given the investments that are likely to go over there we are saying that 
of the turnover we are we kind of stuck our neck out there was some discussions internally. 
I said that we will be transparent as we can and we are saying that we will have a certain 
percentage of our expenses which we will strive to kind of achieve and which we have given a 
guidance at 4% of the other expenses and the employee cost which is what we are doing rather 
than putting a number to it let's kind of stay there as of now. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
So, essentially you would have built in some level of volume growth or top-line growth and 
because of which you got to the percentage right 4%... 
Sanjay Thakker: 
What we are saying is -- what we are saying Yes I'm sorry I'm joining from the other thing. So, 
let's kind of stay with that we of course have built in some amount of growth we have put in 
our thoughts before investing the money we are saying that the exit turnover would be in and 
around 20% of what we would be doing from these outlets. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:    Got it sir, Thanks a lot and All the best  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Sanjay Thakker:                    Thanks Pranay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir. Sir, wanted to know in your total capital employed how 
much is the capital invested in companies like Jeep, Honda and Renault put together? That's 
my first question. My second question is when you are taking these incremental dealerships of 
let's say MG or M&M usually at what capital employed turn and ROI are on these investments 
considered? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I will answer the second question first if you don't mind Pritesh. The MG, M&M or any other 
acquisition that we are doing we are looking at a ROCE of upwards of 20% when we make 
these decisions. Also please understand that you mentioned Jeep, Honda and Renault in the 
same breath. 
Now I am assuming that in your mind it is that these are not profitable or good brands. Let me 
tell you that Honda continues to be for us one of the better ROCE generating businesses even 
now. Let me also tell you that Jeep maybe three years back or so was amongst the within the 
group amongst the highest profitable brand that we have seen. 
So what the last 26 years has taught me is that there is a time and place of every brand and the 
entire industry somehow is a little cyclical. So to solve for that cyclicality you need to be 
adequately diversified. What last year brought out was that we were not adequately diversified. 
The brands that some of or many of them together did not perform. Now while we invest in 
sunrise brands like a BYD, Mercedes-Benz being our crown jewel and performing very well, 
we were not able to capture this growth story. We were the selection of or the bouquet of 
brands that we had were clearly underperforming the market. 
So to have a more stronger portfolio of brands, we have gotten with Kia, Mahindra and 
Mahindra, and MG. And Pritesh the good part is that this is something we chose consciously. 
We were relentlessly for the last one year the geographies that we wanted and the terms that 
we wanted. And in my speech as I said in the initial part, the first six months or so we did not 
deploy money because the terms of trade. What do you mean terms of trade? The 
infrastructure requirement for some of the brands was really very high. 
There was a great amount of froth in the market post COVID where everybody was on the 
high. Today the market situation is such that the demand and supply in most cases is even. And 
in many brands, in fact, the supply is more than the demand. So this is where people have got 
more rational. This is where you can deploy capital for the long term. And this is what we have 
done. 
Pritesh: 
The first question. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
The brand wise capital employed. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Pritesh: 
No the brand wise, I want to know, let's say when you initially mentioned your opening 
remarks, you mentioned 3M. Mercedes, Mahindra and MG. So let's say outside this 3M, what 
is your capital employed? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So roughly in MG we have capex... 
Pritesh: 
No, I don't want brand wise. I want outside of 3M 
Sanjay Thakker: 
How much is the capital employed? Are we reporting that separately or? 
Pritesh: 
Sir, any ballpark estimate? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Can I reach out to you Pritesh separately if you don't mind? 
Pritesh: 
And just on to my second question. You are opening about 25 dealerships, right? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Let's call them outlets for simplicity. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. So what is the usual capital investment that you are undertaking? And what is the assets 
for that 20% ROIC that you are looking at? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So as far as the capex investment is in the tune of around INR6 crores per Jodi, which is the 
sale and service put together. So if one outlet we count is around INR2.5 crores or INR3 crores 
in a particular outlet, either of the sale or either of the service. That's the capex investment. 
Pritesh: 
This includes the inventory? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
No, inventory is separate. The turnover which we get. Yes. Hello? 
Pritesh: 
Including inventory, if you could tell us? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So including inventory, inventory would be roughly around one with the current thing is 
around 140 days inventory we have, plus the spare inventory we counted. It will be for this 
upcoming store showroom, it will be around INR150 crores. All of them, all of them, not one. 
Pritesh: 
So 25 will be INR150 crores investment? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
This is the inventory of this 24 outlet. 
Pritesh:  
Okay, 24 outlet, INR150 crores investment. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
INR75 crores rupees is the capex investment, plus the INR150 crores is the inventory. 
Pritesh:  
And then another 75 for the service station, right? 
Aryaman Thakker: 
No, 75 includes the total investment into these 24 outlets. 
Pritesh:  
Sorry? 
Aryaman Thakker: 
Yes, Yes. 75. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Pritesh:  
Sir, you mentioned INR6 crores per Jodi. So 24 into 6 is INR144 crores per one. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
No. Jodi means the sale and service. Hello? Okay, okay. So Jodi means the sales and 
showrooms, service station, service station and the showroom. 
Pritesh:  
And when you are saying 20% ROIC, you're considering the inventory number also? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. Okay. 
Pritesh:  
Okay, sir, I'll come back. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Are you clear on that? 
Pritesh:  
Yes, I'm clear on that. I just needed the asset turn on this. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Pritesh:  
Or the capital employed turn. How much time turn this capital, how much time, how much 
turn this capital employed does? So if you invest INR225 crores, how much sales do you get? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
How much sales we will generate? 
Pritesh: 
Yes. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So the sale of, I can give the around 125 or 150, between INR100 to INR125 crores sales per 
month. 
Pritesh: 
125 into 12. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. So around INR1,200 crores or INR1,300 crores sales we will get from these stores. 
Pritesh: 
On INR225 crores investment. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, We have our next question from the line of Himanshu Jain from Tiger Assets. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Jain: 
Yes. So thank you for the opportunity, sir. My question was like, when we see the financial 
numbers for FY24, I see that the revenue from operations is moreover flat when compared to 
FY23 numbers. So like, what is the growth that you're expecting in FY25? And what are the 
growth triggers for that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, so you actually are asking the root cause of what we are doing for expansion. So the 
brands that we represent, see, what has happened, we are a kind of a reflection, we are a kind 
of a bouquet and we are a proxy for the brands that we represent in India. And what are we 
talking about? 
 
We are talking about Mercedes-Benz, we are talking about Volkswagen, we are talking about 
Honda, we are talking about Jeep, we are talking about Renault, we are talking about Ashok 
Leyland commercial vehicle, we are talking about BYD and so on and so forth. Now, the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 13 of 22 
 
brands that we represent did not grow in the year that we are talking about. The, there is a 
single line answer which says that the brands that we represent really did not participate, 
whether it be Jeep, whether it is Volkswagen, whether it is Honda, whether it is Renault did 
not participate. 
 
Now, we are replacing them, not replacing them in a literal sense, but kind of getting 
additional brands which are really fast growing. And that has been the need of the hour to look 
at the growth. So, in the first six months of our operation, in fact, we were de-growing. 
 
What we have been able to do is to make that up. And our internal target was to actually go 
beyond last year's number. And our teams really worked very hard to get that done. So the 
growth with the newer brands that we have will be significant over last year. And we hope and 
wish to make up for what has happened in the past year. 
Himanshu Jain: 
Okay, so you're saying that there will be no growth in sales from the existing brands like 
Mercedes, Mahindra. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Mercedes will continue to be, see Mercedes sales is getting reported as pro forma revenue. So 
Mercedes will grow at a significant pace. We have actually, Mercedes has grown 15% in the 
last quarter, which has gone by. 
 
And we are their largest partners. So as far as Mercedes is concerned, with the ASP also going 
up and the sales also actually doing significantly well, we believe that more than double digit 
growth will happen in Mercedes-Benz. Hopefully, a high double digit growth will happen in 
Mercedes-Benz. 
 
And we will have other brands so we don't expect, for example, any growth in a small brand 
like a Renault or a Volkswagen right now. That's what I can say. But we will see significant 
growth in BYD. We will see significant growth coming in from Mahindra, Kia, MG, where we 
have no base and all that. 
Himanshu Jain: 
So overall, you're expecting like a growth in double digits overall? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. More than that for sure. 
Himanshu Jain: 
Okay, so one last one question, sir. Any exclusive like dealerships that you're about to sign in 
FY25 or you're in talks with certain brands? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I don't know. What does exclusive mean? 
Himanshu Jain: 
Dealerships you have taken up for BYD. So are you in discussions with any of the brands? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So right now, I think we have taken in as much as what we can chew. If you ask me, this is the 
time is now for execution, focusing on cost, getting our balance sheet right. We, for what we 
internally believe of factors which were beyond our control, which is the OE performance and 
the brand acceptance. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
We have, we are, that's why rebooting in a sense. So if you are asking me, are we looking at 
some, some major thing happening now this year anytime soon? I would say no. We have done 
what we had to do. 
Himanshu Jain: 
Okay, thank you. That's it from my side. All the best for the future. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and Gentlemen in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
questions from all the participants in the conference, please limit your questions strictly to two 
questions per participants. Should you have follow-up questions we request you to re-join the 
queue. We have our next question from the line of Karan Kokane from PGIM India. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Kokane: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, Am I audible?  
Sanjay Thakker 
: yes, karan Please go ahead 
Karan Kokane:So I was just going through the presentation. So if you see, you know, you talked about new facility 
additions in FY24 and FY25. So you've added almost 20 facilities in 24. And the cost of that is 
approximately INR40 crores. And now in 25, you're adding 24 more and the cost of that is 
INR75 crores. So almost double of that. Correct. What is leading to the sharp jump in, you 
know, investment cost? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So what has happened is that if you see our presentation, you will see a terminology known as 
pop-up store. In financial year 24, if you were to look at it, there is a last line, which says pop-
up store Volkswagen 8. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So these are really very small investment and kind of a one single shutter kind of places in Tier 
four kind of towns, which are easy to kind of start and shut if required. And that does not 
require any significant capex. They're very frugal in nature. That is the reason. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. And secondly, on this, you know, operating leverage thing. So you've talked about 
almost 120 basis points of cost savings through manpower and other expenses. But at the same 
time, you're also adding 24 new facilities, which will result in upfronting of costs. So do you 
expect, you know, margins to kind of expand from these levels, despite, you know, these new 
facilities coming up? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So the focus current will be on that we are mindful of the fact and over the last 26 years, we 
have been in this business and we have really seen people go in the direction of mad growth 
and not keeping eye on the costs. Now, that's not what we do. In fact, in the previous calls, and 
all people were saying that how many new store additions will you do when India is growing? 
 
And we were saying that we know we will not grow, we have to actually focus on the same 
store, kind of getting more juice out of, I don't think that that philosophy has changed at all. It 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 15 of 22 
 
is just that we have had to go with newer brands and with to newer geographies. That's why 
this number is going up.  
 
We will want to have matrices which are very strictly laid down in our organization and the 
focus will be on achieving them. The one or two levels below our CEO, people are given these 
numbers to focus on and deliver them. That's where their PLBs are also linked. 
Karan Kokane: 
Understood, sir. And just a quick follow-up on that. So, in this presentation on slide 25, you 
have given your after-sales EBITDA number for 3Q FY24 and 4Q FY24. Sir, so on a 
sequential basis, there has been a sharp drop in the EBITDA. So, while I understand it might 
be because of new workshop additions, etc., what would be the corresponding gross profit 
number for this? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
A gross profit in the quarter, you are saying? 
Karan Kokane: 
After-sales business, on a quarterly basis. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
After-sales EBITDA usually is around 18%, what you are talking? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
He is asking for a gross profit on that. Margin. Gross margin. Is that correct, Karan? 
Karan Kokane: 
Yes. So, sir, on the slide number 25, you have talked about number of INR44 crores for 3Q 
FY24, which has fallen to INR37 crores in 4Q FY24. So, corresponding gross profit numbers 
is what I wanted, sir. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Corresponding. Just give me a moment. So, you required the previous quarter number, what 
you really mean? 
Karan Kokane: 
Sir, 3Q FY24 gross profit and 4Q FY24 gross profit number. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Okay. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
3Q is there, INR44 crores. So, he is asking the gross profit, gross margin. It is the 41%, which 
is the INR93 crores in the Q3. Hello? 
Karan Kokane: 
Yes, sir. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
And in Q4, it is 38.5%, INR85 crores. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. So, any reason for that drop in the services part? So, new vehicles, you said, you know, 
discounting has gone up, but on the services side, why is that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I would not reach, Yes, read much into it, Karan. So, then I will also join in. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Karan, the thing is, the new brand, which we opened, like MG, Mahindra, the cost was set up. 
So, MG, Mahindra, these are the two new brands we entered, and the service station has 
opened. Service station has opened, but their service number is not really kicked in, in the last 
quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Also, what we do over a period of time, Karan, is that we sell high margin products like 
extended warranties, annual maintenance contracts and all that, which generally contribute to a 
higher margin than just part sale and general repairs. The accident repair also is a higher 
margin business. So, my sense is that this will normalize once the workshops are stable. I 
would not read too much into it. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. Those were my questions. Thanks for taking my questions. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Harin Dedia from Tamohara Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Harin Dedia: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I just have one question. We are acquiring some 
showrooms and workshops for Honda in Rajasthan at the behest of the OEM. I understand the 
workshop part because, Honda has a very large install base, but I just wanted to understand the 
rationale for also acquiring showrooms. Where are we seeing this brand going forward? 
 
Because, Elevate was supposed to be their big revival moment and it's not panned out as per 
their plans. So I just wanted to get your sense on what our expectation is with the Honda brand 
and why we would heed this OEM request? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So it's not necessarily an OEM request. It was our kind of interest in acquiring it. So there 
are two, three reasons why you do certain things. First thing, as far as Honda business is 
concerned, we have always and always made money in Honda business since the time we 
started and we continue to do so. That's the first answer. 
The second is that there is not such a strong relationship between the OE sale in number terms 
and the dealer making profits. So you may have certain very high volume OEs. I don't want to 
name them on the call, but their dealers would not make money because the number of dealers 
that you would have in a town will be significantly higher. Now, in case of Honda, the number 
of dealers have shrunk over a period of time. 
So it's not only the question of numerator, but also the denominator that we have to look at. So 
I do not think that Honda has any ambition of going above, say, 1,50,000 units in India in the 
next maybe three, four years. But if they are able to do, say, 100,000 units or 90,000 units or 
even there, the business is very profitable. So it's a small investment and decent ROCE 
business.  
The other answer to this is that there is in the industry, you need to be present in a certain 
geography to basically expand in that geography. This is a very unique industry issue. So, say 
it took us some time, we have been wanting to get into Hyderabad for a very long time and I 
was not able to crack it. But the moment we were able to get the Mercedes-Benz workshop 
approval in Hyderabad, then rapidly Mahindra & Mahindra and Kia piled on saying that you 
are already present in Hyderabad, why don't we go ahead with you in Hyderabad.  
Now, that's where you need to identify a geography and we have several such examples in 
Indore and now in Kolkata and all that. You have to go with one and in our case, Honda is an 
extremely profitable business. That's why we are doing it. And acquiring showrooms, we are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 17 of 22 
 
not buying any showrooms. But as you know, the business comes with sales and service as a 
combo offering, not a stand-alone. 
Harin Dedia :  
Okay, got it, that’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidrum Mehta from ASK Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Firstly, sir, if you could help us more on the environment, 
which you said that it has been more conducive for expansion. So what are the favorable terms 
of trade, which we are seeing right now, and which was not present, say, a year ago? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, it's a very intelligent question that you are asking. And let me explain what this means. 
The terms of trade basically start with the investment in infrastructure. Now, I don't want to 
name a certain brand, where we were in talks with them, say a year back, and we were in a 
position to sign up with them. But the requirement came up of say, a 1 acre of land to be 
constructed upon, 120 feet of frontage that they would need for a showroom, say 8,000 square 
feet of showroom with a double height and all that where the investment was getting 
obnoxious. Now, we waited out. We said that we don't want to kind of get in with these terms 
of trade. 
And we actually in a different geography, we have been able to kind of get it at a significantly 
lesser investment per square foot of investment. Now this is the first win that you have. Over a 
period of time, and this doesn't happen straight up. Over a period of time happens once you get 
the confidence of the OE and when you basically become a very integral part of their 
ecosystem, like what we have become for Mercedes-Benz or Jeep or a Volkswagen over a 
period of time, and even Renault, what happens is that they treat you differently. 
And you get nice expansion opportunities, you also get sometimes some credit, sometimes 
some real estate support. Now this is exactly what is happening in Renault. Now, Renault is 
going through one of the worst times that they can go through. 
But because they wanted Landmark not to kind of fold, what is happening is that they are 
practically underwriting our entire loss for the next one and a half years if we were to incur 
and give us such favorable terms, which I'm not in a position to disclose on this call. They've 
compelled us to stay. Now, these are the favorable terms that happen over a period of time. It 
has happened with Jeep. It has happened with many OEs. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Okay, thank you. Sir, the other question was with respect to other expenses. So if I look at on a 
half yearly basis, say for H2 of FY'24, our net store count addition is just two stores in H2, 
because we closed the Renault stores and we opened Volkswagen and BYD stores in H2. So if 
I look at H2, our other expenses have gone up significantly vis-à-vis H1 and net store count 
addition is just two stores. So how should we read on this? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So the store which is closed down is the Renault store, the sixth store which we closed down 
during the H2. And then the addition of the store is the MG and Mahindra -- mainly MG and 
BYD. So that's why the cost we were operating for the Renault location in Punjab, which was a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 18 of 22 
 
small location and the showroom and the service station for MG, which we opened, is a larger 
one and the sale also in that thing. Like the number of vehicles sold on these locations is 
higher, therefore we kept the higher manpower and higher operating cost of the MG operation. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
I agree to that. But if you look at H1 other expenses, if I add up, it is INR97-odd crores. H2 
other expenses is around INR111 crores. And the difference is INR14-odd crores, wherein we 
have broadly added two stores. And you know, probably there could be -- operating leverage 
would also be better because in H2, our sales is relatively better. We clocked INR1,823 crores 
of sales as against H1, which was just INR1,464 crores. So operating leverage was better in H2 
and number of store addition was just two on a net basis. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
There is the frontloading of expenses. I'll give you an example,. I'll give you an example which 
will explain to you. We have a CEO that we have hired for Hyderabad. None of our operations 
of Hyderabad has started. Now we are paying him salary for the last maybe eight months. I'm 
just giving a top of the mind number. There are people who have been recruited in locations 
that have not been operational at all. That is the front loading of expenses that we are talking 
about. That is where the other expenses have gone up and they need to come down. Obviously, 
they will come down. So that's where we have guided that we will keep them in check. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Sir, actually, I was more talking on the other expense size because that would be part of 
employee expense. The recruitment of the CEO or the employees which have been hired for 
new stores would be a part of employee expense, but other expenses have also gone up 
significantly. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So that's what I'm saying. As I mentioned, the rental of the closed location and the operating 
cost of the closed location of Renault. So what's happening? You're comparing with the 
Renault and MG. So MG and a BYD operation vis-a-vis the Renault which we closed down, 
the sixth store which we closed down in Punjab. So the closed down location is in Punjab, 
whereas the new store is like in Mumbai or in Ahmedabad or in Indore and Bhopal. 
 
So the rental is a differential rental rate. Then the operating cost is higher on these cities as 
compared to Punjab. We were having the showroom which we closed down is in Punjab. So 
don't take the net one. The Renault separate and the MG and BYD showrooms which we added 
is the separate.  
Vidrum Mehta: 
Okay. Sir, I'll take this offline. No issues. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today due to time 
constraint. And I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Thakkrr for 
closing comments. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, we had some glitches in between. So in case if you think that we must make up for it, we 
are okay to kind of continue. I'll let go of that closing comments instead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Hello. So, sir, do you want me to take more questions? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I'll maybe take one more question. See, I've said what we had to say. If this is a time paucity, I 
would rather give it to some investor to ask a question that he wants. 
Moderator: 
Sure sir. So we have our next question from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. Now we have almost 10 brands with us and we see that one 
brand goes out of favor, another goes out of, goes into the work. But it seems like that a 
portion of our business will always be in a struggling mode and we will keep repairing this 
business. 
 
And as soon as we repair this business, some of the brands will go out of favor. So 
diversification is very good, but it looks like that we are in a, some portion of our business is in 
a trademark kind of business. So what is your opinion on this? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
That is a little brutal, Vikas. That has not happened all the time. We are looking at that now 
and we are believing that. But that's not how we have seen the last 26 years kind of perform. 
And we will not be exiting. We have exited. We are as a company, we are focused on, we are 
getting out of these small ticket items. That is what we have done. We haven't got out of any 
premium or luxury brand and we don't intend to do that. 
 
It's just that you need to caliber the business, reallocate the resources and use the infrastructure 
for something else. So I have a different view on this. I don't think it is a treadmill or that kind 
of a business. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay. That's understandable. But in slide number 14, you said that new stores will come to 
20% of turnover and that is 24 number of stores we are going to open. And last year we 
opened eight more stores. So the fair assumption can be that 30% of the revenue will come 
from these old facilities. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I'll need to kind of do the math and tell you, I don't have it on top of my mind. So if you can 
allow me, because we are short of time. So I'm just trying to keep this more efficient. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay. My last question is that how much we lose when we close down a store? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So we have written off amounts in the past. Say for example, the Renault stores were shut. We 
wrote off around INR7 crores in the last year. So the amounts are there because we provide 
high depreciation. And this is why we are taking that charge. A lot of our charge is taken 
upfront. 
 
So, and we are mindful of closing down location. We will not do that randomly. And we are 
trying to reallocate to a different brand, wherever that opportunity permits. And you will see 
that on ground. If you are in Mumbai, you will see these kinds of moves that are happening, or 
in some other geography, we can decide and discuss. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Vikas Mistry: 
I'm just not asking for a point of view Renault. Let's assume if a new store of BYD or KIA, if 
you want to close down, and we are putting expense of maybe INR5 crores, INR6 crores. For 
can this all be just gone with the written off? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, theoretically, if we are putting in INR6 crores as a kind of a combination of a workshop 
and a showroom, we are depreciating that over a period of time, it is unlikely we haven't 
actually shut down that many stores in our life. What we are seeing today is a kind of an 
unusual situation. So I do not think that they are like a part of the business model that we have 
and something comes in, something goes out. 
 
Before the last two years, I don't think we had exited one brand and we had taken that 
conscious call. But it is not something which is a routine part of the business. 
Vikas Mistry: 
That's all from my side. And thanks. And you go on up for again, higher sales growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Chirag Fialoke from Ratnatraya 
Capital. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity in extending the call. Grateful for the opportunity. Just two 
questions, sir. Is my understanding correct that the part of the business, part of our business 
that is most predictable is basically the services business. And that to there, we have a very 
clear indication of what kind of volumes of cars you will see for servicing in the next, say, 6 to 
12 months. Is that broadly first, correct? Is that comment correct? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Chirag, in fact, it is not 6 to 12 months only. I have a clear visibility of a few years. That's what 
it is. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Prefect, Sir.. so my question is actually related to that. This year, the volume of car service 
have gone up by 4%, which is on the lower side, for sure, from a historic number perspective 
also, and from what we reasonably expect. Can you just talk a little bit about that? And for the 
next 12 months, given that that is something that you have clear visibility on, could you give 
us a guidance for that? Just the volume of service cars? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So again, the business, Chirag, I'm saying that because this is a business which is difficult 
to look at on a quarter-on-quarter basis, sometimes on an annual basis also. This financial year 
matrix is sometimes put us in a box. But having said that, let me explain the reason at a high 
base, what will happen and how we see the business. 
 
There are brands which have sold more cars in the past than what they are selling currently. 
Take an example of say a Volkswagen, which sold more cars 10 years back than they sold two 
years back. So the cars which are coming in for service are currently less than the cars which 
are not coming in for service. 
 
But this is something which is what and how we calculate the business. And that is where the 
new brands which are coming, the Mercedes part of the business, and we are focusing on the 
higher revenue for these cars which are coming in for service. So we are not only looking at 
the number of cars we do, but we are kind of increasing the ASP. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
Now, the growth that we have seen and it's a 10-year CAGR of around 19 point some 
percentage that we are having. Now, it will hover around that much, it will be a little bit of bits 
and spurts. Now, suddenly you will see a Mahindra and a Kia and an MG, which were not 
there, you will see a jump once these workshops start. But this is a very predictable kind of a 
business, and you can be comfortable there. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
And on a volume basis for the next year, is there a number that you can share or would like to 
share? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
What volume? 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Volume of cars serviced? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, I would not to go that road as of now. But I'm saying that on the blended portfolio, we 
have continues to go with the margins being pretty intact. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Sorry, you mean continue on an ongoing basis, you think 18% to 20% growth on the overall? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Not like a quarter-on-quarter or a one year period basis. But this is something that we have 
been able to demonstrate. And I believe that we will go there. I don't want to say that within 
six months or within one and a half years and all that. But yes. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
That's clear. One last question on the debt. Given that the inventory is sort of a little raised 
because of the new showrooms, I'm guessing some of the short term debt was for that. Is this 
the peak debt that we will see here in the next financial year? Or do you anticipate the debt 
going up still from here? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, from the existing locations, and this is something which we are clearly focusing on. And 
we as an organization put our mind to getting the debt down in the December quarter. I had 
actually after September also our debt had gone up. What is the environment, Chirag, right 
now is that the entire auto fraternity, the retail outlet is working on a much higher inventory 
than they have done for the last two, three years. 
 
Now, this is a macro issue that we are talking about. If you look at FADA and all those guys, 
they will tell you this. Now, we at Landmark, because we believe that we have a negotiating 
power with the OE, we should do better. I can't and should not say that the industry has higher 
inventory, so I have higher inventory. That's not how we look at things. 
 
We have to bring this down. We have brought this down in December. For the same stores, we 
will again bring it down. That is the first thing. As far as the newer locations are concerned, 
where say a Mahindra Hyderabad location will start or a Kiaoperations will start, which is 
currently none of it has started, so that will increase it So, this is something, but we will be 
mindful of the fact that the ROC should not get impacted over a period of time and we actually 
keep it under control. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Understood Sir, Last question from my side, sir. For the year that ended, the lease, the interest 
on lease, which is a part of the finance cost, what was that number for FY’24? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 24, 2023 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Just give me a moment, I'll give you that number. So, it's a INR21 crores. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Perfect. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you for the time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today and I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Thakker for closing comments. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, thank you everybody for coming on the call and participating in it. So, India is an exciting 
thing. We at Landmark believe that this is a lull before the election results come out and the 
mood again goes back to business. And hopefully, we will get into the trajectory where our 
country is destined to reach. And sometimes from now, the questions will on how the 
profitability has grown and how much more we can do. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
