 
 
 
 
June 03, 2024 
To 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Bldg., P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543965 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TVSSCS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call with analysts/ investors  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of TVS Supply 
Chain Solutions Limited (“Company”), analyst call held on May 28, 2024, to discuss the financial 
results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024.  
 
The transcript is also uploaded in the Company’s website https://www.tvsscs.com/investor-
relations/  
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
P D Krishna Prasad  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above 
KRISHNA 
PRASAD 
P D
Digitally signed by KRISHNA 
PRASAD P D 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=600078, st=Tamil 
Nadu, 
serialNumber=B87477AD92D8773
482BF5190273463659106C7B5A6
322BD1976415F422CFB36D, 
cn=KRISHNA PRASAD P D 
Date: 2024.06.03 17:13:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
Q4 & FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 28, 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI VISWANATHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAVI PRAKASH – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. J.SIVAKUMAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited Q4 
and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' line will be in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. J Sivakumar, Head Investor Relations at TVS Supply 
Chain Solutions. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
J Sivakumar: 
Thank you, Moderator, and good afternoon to all. We welcome you to the TVS Supply Chain 
Earnings Call Q4 and FY '24 full year, ended 31st March 2024. We have with us today, Mr. 
Ravi Viswanathan, Managing Director of the company and Mr. Ravi Prakash, Global CFO. Our 
financial results and investment presentation have been posted in the Stock Exchange website 
and also in the company website. 
We now commence the call with opening remarks from our management team followed by an 
open forum for question-and-answer. Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the 
statements made or will be made during today's call may be forward-looking in nature and must 
be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A disclaimer to this effect has 
been included already in the earnings presentation that has been shared. 
Now I hand it over to Mr. Ravi Viswanathan, Managing Director of the company, to make the 
opening remarks. Over to you sir. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you, J S, and good evening to all of you. I welcome you once again. We would like to 
discuss our Q4 and our full year FY '24 performance. I will share with you the highlights of our 
performance and my colleague Ravi Prakash, the Global CFO, will then take you through the 
analysis of our numbers. We look forward to interacting with you as part of the Q&A. 
Before I begin, I think I will provide a brief background of our company for the benefit of those 
participants who might be joining our analyst call for the first time. TVS Supply Chain Solutions 
is a tech-led and asset-light supply chain solutions provider with capabilities across the value 
chain. We operate in two segments, the Integrated Supply Chain Solutions segment, which is 
called ISCS, and the Network Solutions, or the NS, segment. 
Our presence spans four continents, Asia, Europe, North America, and Oceania, with a 
diversified customer base spread across multiple sectors. Our customer contracts are fairly long-
term in nature, with an average relationship span of 12 years for the ISCS segment and 11 years 
for the NS segment, reflecting the mutual trust and collaborative nature of the relationship. To 
summarize, TVS Supply Chain Solutions is an Indian multinational with strong local and global 
presence in a competitive space with the best in class in the industry. 
The management focus is on capability-driven customer growth with profitability. We pride 
ourselves on the fact that we have over 78 of the Fortune 500 companies as our customers, which 
has increased significantly from 61 just two years ago. The steady growth of marquee customers 
positions us favourably in our stated goal to be among the top 50 logistics companies worldwide. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
With this short introduction, I shall now move the performance highlights for Q4 and year-ended 
31st March 2024. We had a strong quarter and a strong year in the Integrated Supply Chain 
Solutions segment, with good growth both on revenue and margins. The ISCS segment delivered 
sequential growth of 8.4% and on a full-year basis it grew by 14.4%. ISCS segment revenues 
growth were broad-based across all our key geographies, namely India, Europe, and North 
America, through expansion of current customer engagements and new business wins. And this 
momentum will continue in FY '25. 
The ISCS segment margins for the quarter were 9.6%, which was a 40-bps improvement year-
on-year. And on a full-year basis, ISCS segment margins were 10.2%, which was 130 bps higher 
compared to the year-ended March 2023. The Network Solutions segment of the NS segment, 
within that the Integrated Final Mile revenues saw steady revenue growth on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. The segment, however, faced margin pressure due to extraordinary inflation levels, 
mainly in the UK and Europe, which it started easing now. 
The Global Forwarding Solutions or the GFS business, which is the second segment within the 
NS, saw revenues for Q4 increase, reflecting the uptake in demand after the slowdown in freight 
observed in the last few quarters. 
Ocean freight rates for the quarter were nearly at the bottom end of the curve, with year-term 
rate outlook being positive. On a full-year basis, freight volumes, however, reflected the global 
industry trend and were weak across all our trade lanes. On a year-on-year basis, our NS segment 
revenues were 26.9% lower. Our margins for the NS segment were consistent on a quarter-on-
quarter basis at 4.5%. 
In IFM, we are currently implementing pricing revisions with our customers and executing 
operational efficiency initiatives aimed at margin improvement. In GFS, our focus has been on 
procurement efficiency and operational efficiency, which has helped soften the impact of low 
rates. Additionally, we have also taken specific cost reduction measures across both these sub-
segments. 
Between both the ISCS and NS segments, business development contributed 9% of the quarterly 
revenue and has been consistent with previous quarter growth. On a consolidated basis, revenues 
for the quarter were 9.2% higher sequentially and 4.5% on a year-on-year basis, with adjusted 
EBITDA margins for Q4 at 7.2%. On a full-year basis, our consolidated revenues were down by 
INR794 crores, a reflection of the rate decline in the global trade. We grew our EBITDA, 
however, by INR25 crores in spite of this significant reduction in the revenues. On a full-year 
basis, revenues were down by 7.9% year-on-year, while adjusted EBITDA improved by 80 bps. 
So, with this background, I will hand it over to Ravi Prakash, our Global CFO, who will take 
you through a detailed analysis of the numbers. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining our earnings call. I will 
take you through the highlights of our financial performance for Q4 and the year-ended 31st  
March 2024. Q4 FY '24 marks an important step on our journey to establishing a consistent 
growth and margin trajectory. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
We have reported revenue growth on a consolidated basis after a couple of quarters, and that is 
on the back of the ISCS segment, continuing to remain strong. The power of a strong portfolio 
is coming through very well, and most importantly, we have delivered positive profit before tax. 
The company has demonstrated a consistent turnaround in profit quarter after quarter 
sequentially. 
I would just like to remind the participants that Q1 PBT was a loss of actually minus 10.7, Q2 
was minus 4.5, Q3 we broke even and Q4 we are a positive of INR5 crores. In FY'25, we expect 
to further build on this momentum and deliver improving results quarter-on-quarter.  
Along with the release of our annual results, we have provided additional geography and 
segment-wise financial information. This is something we hope to do on a periodic and definitely 
on an annual basis. We hope that this detail will provide appropriate context to our performance. 
As you review this material, a couple of specific callouts from our side. 
All parts of our ISCS business have been growing at a 17% to 18% CAGR over the past three 
years. As we grew, we have diversified our customer base while adding more Fortune 500 
clients. And in terms of revenue drivers, as we have mentioned in the past, in our case it is our 
ability to penetrate more customers, increasing wallet share that matters and not strictly the GDP 
of the countries that we operate in. We expect to periodically update these and revisit the 
disclosures for any further information.  
With that, let me walk you through an analysis of the key line items in the financials. Q4 FY'24, 
revenue stood at INR2,426.3 crores compared to INR2,221.8 crores in the previous quarter and 
INR2,321.6 crores in Q4 FY'23, resulting in a year-on-year growth of 4.5% and a quarter-on-
quarter growth of 9%. Revenues from business development maintained their momentum with 
INR218 crores being clocked in Q4. f 
For full year '24, revenue from operations was INR9,200 crores compared to INR9994.4 
(Rectified with correct data) crores last year. Despite an approximately INR1,600 crores decline 
in the GFS business on account of pricing, annual business development revenues of INR881 
crores and momentum in the ISCS segment has enabled us to deliver INR9,200 crores revenue. 
Other income for the quarter was INR6.8 crores compared to INR21.6 crores in Q3 and INR10.9 
crores in Q4 last year. Other income comprises mostly of interest income from bank deposits 
and other deposits and a little bit of exchange rate. With this, the total income for the quarter 
was INR2,433.1 crores, which was a growth of 8.5% sequentially and 4.3% year-on-year. For 
the full year, it was INR9,245.8 crores, down 8.1% year-on-year.  
A brief explanation of how our major expense line items have evolved. Freight, clearing, 
forwarding, and handling expenses reduced significantly, driven by the decline in freight rates 
and improved procurement efficiencies. This expense line item for the quarter was INR637.9 
crores, a reduction of 7.5% year-on-year and INR2,327.8 crores for the full year, down 37.6% 
year-on-year.  
As you can notice, the number has reduced more than the revenue and that is because of the 
procurement efficiencies and the operational discipline, which are reflected in the variable 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
margin, which has improved by almost 300 basis points, both for Q4 and full year. And that has 
been called out in the earnings presentation. 
The other major line I'd like to talk about is employee benefit expenses. For the quarter, it was 
INR568.3 crores versus INR491 crores in the prior year and INR552.3 crores in the previous 
quarter. On a full year basis, it was INR2,243.2 crores versus INR2,010.6 crores last year. As 
we have mentioned in our past calls, the year-on-year increase in employee benefit is on account 
of ramp-up in customer engagement in the ISCS segment, requiring manpower deployment.  
And the quarter-on-quarter increase was because North America operations reverted to normal 
after the UAW strike in Q3. Most of these cost increases are absorbed in the gross margins of 
the respective business segments. We have provided the segmented results for ISCS and NS 
segments on pages 21 to 26 of the investor presentation.  
Consolidated adjusted EBITDA for Q4 was INR174.5 crores compared to INR173.6 crores in 
the previous quarter growth and INR170.8 crores in Q4 last year. Adjusted EBITDA for the full 
year was INR710.2 crores compared to INR685.1 crores previous year. Once again, I'd like to 
call out that despite INR794 crores decline in revenue, we have managed to grow EBITDA from 
INR685 crores to INR710 crores.  
Lastly, an important step which we have been talking about through the year was completing the 
debt reduction exercise. We have completely used the IPO proceeds as well as funds from 
internal sources to repay all our long-term debts and a substantial portion of our working capital 
borrowings. 
As a result, our interest expense, which was running at about INR41 crores per quarter in Q1 has 
now come down to INR16.6 crores and that is the range in which we expect to see in the next 
few quarters. Finally, we achieved a profit before tax of INR5 crores compared to a breakeven 
profit of INR0.6 crores last time and I'd say demonstrating the turnaround. This concludes the 
summary of the financials. 
I will now hand it over back to Mr. Ravi Viswanathan.  
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you for the analysis, Ravi Prakash. Our business development continues to contribute 
10% of incremental revenue across both the ISCS and NS segments and for quarter 4, the 
business development contribution was INR218 crores. For details, please refer our investor 
presentation Page 7.  
We had significant new customer wins in both the segments. In the ISCS segment, we won in 
India a diversified equipment manufacturing company and a commercial vehicle OEM and an 
engine or a generator manufacturer in India. We won new deals with a defence contract in UK 
and a water utilities company in the UK.  
On the Network side, we won a tech or a solutions integrator. We won a large engagement with 
a tech solutions integrator in the UK, a communication equipment manufacturer in the UK, an 
auto component or a battery manufacturer in India, an engineering and product manufacturer in 
the U.S. and a clothing and a paddle manufacturer in APAC. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Our pipeline of new opportunities is strong and currently presents a revenue opportunity in 
excess of INR4,000 crores. In addition to business development initiatives, continuous customer 
engagement provides us newer opportunities as part of our encirclement strategy, where the 
objective is to enhance the share of revenue from the customer through effective cross-selling.  
Here it is pertinent to mention that recently we were awarded partner level status by John Deere, 
which is a recognition of our dedication to providing products and services of outstanding quality 
as well as commitment to continuous improvement. It also provides us an excellent platform to 
explore more opportunities within the customer ecosystem.  
Also, we have a very long relationship with an American auto OEM. We've been working with 
them for over 30 years. During the year, we won a contract to provide logistics solution in a 
second site in addition to the site that we've been engaged in. The reason I say this is, it's coming 
on the back of a very strong, what I would call a global account management initiative, wherein 
we are trying to significantly grow our revenues and our large customers through active account 
mining. As we exit FY’24, we are strategically placed to participate in large opportunities. 
 
When we won the Centrica contract, which was worth over INR2,000 crores, I had mentioned 
that it is an inflection point where we would be invited to participate in opportunities of that size. 
I am glad to announce that we have quite a few such large deals now in the pipeline. And the 
teams are confident that we will convert a couple of them through the course of this year. 
 
We are actively engaged in AI solutions. And today, we have AI deployed or AI and artificial 
intelligence deployed at scale in the US, UK, and in India. And we continue to drive our solutions 
through active technology intervention. In summary, we moved from a position of reporting 
losses after taxation at the end of Q1 and Q2. 
We then turned into breakeven profit in Q3, FY’24, and finally to single-digit profit in Q4, 
FY’24, thanks to multiple on-ground operational and strategic initiatives. Going forward, we are 
confident of delivering double-digit PBT numbers in the quarters ahead. With that, I would like 
to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Krupa Shankar Nj from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
Krupa Shankar Nj: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on steady improvement 
in the profitability witnessed during the quarter. My first question was on the ISCS business. 
While you have stated that there have been multiple business wins, what would be the time frame 
when it will start contributing materially to our revenues? 
 
And the robust order pipeline, which we have stated as INR4,000 crores, what proportion of it 
is from the ISCS business? If you can share some light on that? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Hi, this is Ravi Prakash here. I just want to make sure I have heard the question correctly. I think 
your question was what ISCS business, what proportion is going to contribute. Today, the 
integrated supply chain business or ISCS is 55% of the company and it is about INR5,500 crores 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
in revenue. That is actually the major part of the company and that is the reason it’s important 
that it keeps growing at the 14% that it has been growing. So, I hope that clarifies it. 
Krupa Shankar Nj: 
Sorry, Ravi. My question was, actually -- you have started. You talked about the business 
development efforts and the business win in the ISCS segment. I was wondering when it will 
ramp up and contribute substantially to our top line, the one which has been displayed on page 
11 of the presentation. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
This is Ravi Viswanathan here. So what Ravi Prakash is saying is that it’s a continuous process. 
So it is a deal pipeline which gets converted, which has delivered the 14% growth year-on-year 
in the ISCS segment. And when I said that we are very confident of growth in ISCS, And I will 
stick my neck out and say we are very confident of a double-digit growth in ISCS on the back 
of these pipeline deals that are getting converted. 
Typically, ISCS pipeline takes about six to nine months to fructify. So, today, the INR4,000 
crores pipeline is in various stages of conversion. So, some of them, in our parlance, it could be 
in stage five, stage six or stage seven, stage seven being the stage when it gets converted to a 
contract and gets executed. And we typically have lead times of anywhere between four weeks 
to ten weeks, depending on the complexity of the engagement for them to start. 
I do not know if that answers your question. I hope so. 
Ravi Prakash: 
And I just want to also add a little bit. See, it’s not like a point in time. It is not like a stop-start 
engine. At any given point in time, if you look at our deal pipeline, it will probably be the same 
thing and you will have deals coming through all the time. And that is what we are messaging. 
If you see in the investor presentation, we said that this year we were able to add INR881 crores 
of incremental revenue because of business development. 
That is actually a portion of the deal pipeline which would have existed in the prior year. And 
that’s how it goes all the time. 
Krupa Shankar Nj: 
Understood. That’s very clear. And second question also on that INR4,000 crores of order 
pipeline. Now, given that we are in the services sector, how do you arrive at this particular order 
pipeline number? Is it based on the pre-agreed customer contracts which we have signed and 
that should translate over the next -- how many years does this thing translate into our top-line 
growth? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
So, this is visibility of INR4,000 crores of revenue. So, let’s say I convert all of them today, 
that’s the visibility I have for the revenue. But this could be potentially from a total contract 
value a much higher number. So, INR4,000 crores is not the contract value, but it is the 
opportunity to convert them as revenue for this current year. So, we are not yet declaring the 
TCV, but hopefully we will get there in a few quarters' time. How do we arrive at this number 
is based on what the customer has told us in terms of volumes, in terms of movements, in terms 
of number of parcels, packages which is based on which we have given the estimates or 
proposals and that is how we arrive at the numbers. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Krupa Shankar Nj: 
Understood. So were there any capacities which were already set up based on this order book 
and the ramp-up could also drive fair bit of margin expansion in the ISCS business? Is that a fair 
assumption? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
It is a fair assumption. We have some amount of contract which we will utilize existing 
infrastructure and network especially the network business That is how it will be, but in the 
integrated supply chain solutions where we are designing complex solutions to the customers 
most of the time that is why I said the lead time will change anywhere between a few weeks to 
10 weeks depending on the kind of contract.  
So for example the large deal that we announced in the UK it took almost 8 weeks to bootstrap 
because we need to make sure that we bring in the people, the facilities all of that. So every 
contract has that complexity built in, but I would say the network solution side typically the 
ramp-up is much faster And the ISCS segment it takes anywhere between 4 weeks to 10 weeks 
for the ramp-up to start. 
Krupa Shankar Nj: 
Understood. The last question from my side would be on the network solutions business. We 
have seen suddenly a spurt in container-free trades on key routes. Now how does it place us over 
the near term with respect to – because last time, when there was such a large gap in demand 
supply, we could see that there are margins in the business had jumped up to close to about 7%. 
Is there a possibility of a margin reversal if this sustains? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, this time what we have done is in the investor presentation since you asked this question, we 
have actually given 4 years revenue 21 to 24 and we have specifically called out the “incremental 
pricing impact” because of the COVID pricing and if you look at that and at the bottom, we have 
also given our volume data.  
What I can now say is in terms of rates per container or rates per ton of air freight more or less 
we are back to what I call 21 levels which were probably pre-COVID levels just before the 
COVID hit kind of levels. In a way this represents a normalization of the trade lane economics 
in the network segment. The only aberration now is the Red Sea the incremental cost as well as 
price because of the Red Sea, but it is not on the same scale that we saw during COVID.  
Having said that, if you look at EBITDA margins in the GFS business, we have actually been 
able to hold the margin percentages because we are and that's where I talked about the variable 
margins doing much better because we've been very good with our procurement efficiencies. So 
going forward in the next three, four quarters the outlook would be that we are focusing on 
volume improvement.  
We expect prices to move at a narrow band and with the help of volume and we have taken some 
very stringent cost containment measures. We expect to see improving profitability. 
Krupa Shankar Nj: 
Got it. That's it from my side and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Just a few clarifications. First on the guidance what you've given. I presume that this is FY27 
the margin guidance what you've given 4% PBT margin is basis USD2.5 billion revenue. Have 
I understood it right? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, Achal we are talking about a mid-teens growth rate of volume year-on-year. So we have not 
called out a number in terms of revenue. Yes 2.5 billion is our vision, but the guidance that you 
see in page 18 of our investor presentation is that by FY27 if you keep growing revenue at about 
say 15% year on year this is where we expect to hit by FY27. 
Achal Lohade: 
What is the mix here we have assumed because there would be difference between the NS and 
the ISCS PBT margin. So what is the revenue mix we should assume here it will remain same. 
Is that so?  
Ravi Prakash: 
You should at the minimum assume ISCS at 55% and a little bit probably maybe a few 
percentage points better. The IFM business would probably be between 18% to 20%, and the 
balance would be the GFS business. 
Achal Lohade: 
On the IFM piece if you could help us understand the challenges what we went through, what 
the solutions and the outlook if you could specifically talk about this particular sub-segment. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes, what I'll do is I'll talk a little bit and then I'll probably request Ravi Viswanathan to talk 
about the business outlook. Look this time we have specifically disclosed the IFM business 
revenue separately and the reason we've done that is to actually put out that the IFM business 
has been growing revenue consistently. It's an INR1800 crores business today as we speak.  
So the challenge we've had is actually on the cost side in IFM and that is because in the last 2 
years the IFM business a significant portion of its revenue is from the UK. UK went through an 
extraordinary set of circumstances. Inflation, which was never seen before between 11% and 
12%, energy prices which sometimes went up almost 20%, 25%. 
Then on the third minimum wage increases which almost over the last couple of years have gone 
up 20%, 25%. All of them hit at the same time and then the government also withdrew some of 
the rate benefits that they had given to properties which they had given during the COVID. So 
in a way, it was almost like an event which we had never seen that before. It took us time to 
transmit a lot of these prices to our customers this huge cost inflation.  
It coincided like we talked earlier with the ramp down of the very profitable contract that we 
had on the health sector in the UK delivering the COVID vaccines. So this combination is what 
put pressure on the cost. So it's actually a cost side problem that we have. 
 
We've been working on it for the last couple of quarters. We have taken significant steps to 
reduce our fixed costs. We are looking at all elements of our infrastructure, whether it's property, 
whether it is routes, etc., to kind of bring it to a more optimal level, while also working on 
pricing. We have seen improving results in Q3 and Q4 of this year. We expect to see continued 
improvement in Q1. And by the time we close Q2 of FY25, it is our expectation that we will hit 
the run rate profitability that we would like to get to in IFM. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Achal just to add that IFM continues to win significant deals. So for business development and 
a pipeline perspective, I would say it's very healthy. Like Ravi Prakash said, our focus really is 
now to pass on some of these cost inflations back to the customer. We have succeeded in quite 
a few, and we're still in the process, like I said earlier. And of course, ensuring that we are 
consolidating a lot of our assets to see how we can spread it better. Like Ravi Prakash said, by 
Q2, we should hit the target run rate for IFM. But it is work in progress. 
Achal Lohade: 
Just a quick clarification on that. In terms of customers, in terms of revenue, how much of the 
customers have already passed on these cost inflations? Ideally, in terms of the revenue sizes, or 
if not, in terms of number of customers, percentage where how much is already passed on? You 
know, customers accepting those cost inflation. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Achal, actually, a significant number of customers have taken at least one round of price 
increase. And we are working with a few large ones for a second round. Because as you can 
imagine, typically in an economy like the UK, you would normally see about 1% or 2% percent 
price increases because they have linked inflation, whereas this is almost like a reset of the 
contract, because of the property and the other price increases. 
 
So, we have done one round, which has been passed through, and we are in the process of doing 
a second round. And that's why we gave out Q2 as the target, because by then we hope to 
complete most of the pricing actions. 
Achal Lohade: 
And if I were to ask you, sir, what is the blended cost inflation? And in the first round, how 
much is already passed on? I'm just trying to figure out in terms of the margins, what kind of 
delta we could see from IFM, in IFM and also at the total level. 
Ravi Prakash: 
So maybe, let me put it this way. See we don't give margin breakup by probably at this level, 
Achal. But if you think about, if you can talk, if you can go back to some of the numbers that I 
quoted, costs have gone up by almost 10% to 11% in most part of the, what do you call it 
business. Right. And we are kind of trying to recover that in a couple of price increases. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Got it. Another question I had was in terms of India growth, if you look at the growth, 
particularly for the fourth quarter, the supply chain business seems to be a little weak. Can you 
help us understand what is happening here, specifically for India business, I'm saying, for both 
the supply chain and the network solution, if you could talk in both fashion and what is the 
outlook here? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Right. So, if you look at the supply chain segment, it's been flattish, Achal, Q3 to Q4, while on 
a year-on-year basis, I guess there's been a slight decline. Actually if you look at the market 
itself, I would say it's been fairly sluggish this fiscal year. And probably if you do a benchmark 
comparison, you'll find from a supply chain perspective, we are probably, better than the median 
number in terms of growth. So, many of our large customers are, probably waiting for June, I 
hope. But we expect those things to change post-elections. 
 
But FY24 marks a definite sluggishness in the India supply chain business, not just for us, but 
also for our peers. On the network solution side, I would say that the decline was sharper and 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
that came on the back of, of course, very significant decrease in the freight rates. However, I 
would say that network side in Q4, we saw a significant increase linearly. 
 
That is, from Q3 to Q4 we saw a significant growth. And also on a year-on-year basis, we saw 
a significant growth as we saw a couple of customers' export volumes go up significantly. So, I 
would say India geography, ISCS, flattish and the network solutions, predominantly driven by 
freight, showing very good recovery in Q4. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And one of the comments you had made in the interview today in the morning was 
about the working capital improvement. Can you talk a little bit about that? What are we trying 
to achieve here? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
I lost you. What was it? 
Achal Lohade: 
Can you talk a little bit about the working capital improvement? Because that is also one of the 
contributor to your PBT margin expansion? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes. So, Achal, I think we are looking at it in two steps, Achal. The first one was to bring the 
overall debt levels down. We also moved out of some expensive financial instruments that we 
had deployed in the past. We have actually reduced the amount of factoring etcetera, that we do. 
And therefore, the interest cost has come down from a run rate of INR41 crores in Q1 of this 
year to 16.6 in the Q4. And therefore, we have actually shown what the pro forma P&L could 
look like with the new interest rate that is going on. In the interview, we had messaged that the 
gross debt today is about INR794 crores. All of it is working capital debt. 
 
We expect to grow our revenue without materially changing that working capital debt. It may – 
there may be short-term blips, ups and downs, but we want to fund most of the working capital 
revenue growth through internal sources. And therefore, what we would like – we expect to see 
the interest rate not move very much beyond the numbers that we talked about. It may move a 
little bit up and down, depending on quarter-on-quarter, but in general, we would like it to be in 
this range. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And, sir, a couple of clarifications. One on the… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir… 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay, I'll follow back in with you. No problem. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and for the details in the presentation. I had a very high-level 
revenue growth question. If I look at your slide seven, where you've given the revenue waterfall. 
Now, new business development has been quite consistently, I think, in the INR220 to INR230 
to INR240 crores range. And this year, you had a very big decline coming from price and volume 
impact on global trade. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
And price and volume growth in other businesses actually should also be better this year, looking 
at your commentary. So, if I just add this and assume a positive impact from price and volume 
in global trade, would it be fair to say that we can look at actually more than a 15% to 20% 
revenue growth on a console basis? Is that a fair way to think about it? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Amyn, you're forcing something through. But let's just say that we are optimistic. We are 
cautiously optimistic about the network solution segment. We are cautiously optimistic about 
the growth and revenues, but I wouldn't want to put a number. I think I said that in the morning 
interview to one of the channels, that as far as GFS is concerned, I would watch the space. I 
would watch the network solution space before I put my head out. 
 
But on the ISCS segment, I would confidently say we are running for a double-digit revenue 
growth. On the GFS, I will hold until we see some stabilization, especially on the Red Sea and 
the volumes picking up. The key for us, Amyn, is the volume growth in the freight business. 
Volumes have been fairly stagnant, and this is not just TVS supply chain solutions. Our peers, 
the volumes have been fairly moving in a very, very narrow range. 
 
And that is going to be the key. And that really depends on global trade volumes picking up. The 
wall is not helping, but we will hold our commentary on the network solution growth, especially 
on the freight business, until we see things coming back normal from a volume perspective. 
Rates are slightly higher now because of the Red Sea, but that's, again, a transient and that is 
something which we don't want to get into a forecast situation. But for us, the key is going to be 
volume more than anything. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. And you also mentioned that you have actually talked about the variable margin. So even 
on the GFS side, I think you managed to control costs. So now as freights are rising and hopefully 
some volumes come in, will you be able to continue to control costs? Are there any cost 
headwinds? Are we seeing this year? 
RaviPrakash: 
So the main cost headwind in the – so there are two parts to it. Let me first address the main 
question on the freight. Amynif you see Q4 versus Q3, you see actually the variable margin has 
dropped a little bit in the network segment. That is because the Red Sea costs, we have not been 
able to 100% pass on because these are being levied as surcharges. Okay. 
So if you ask me, the one risk factor at the moment is the – I mean, it will not make a difference 
to the dollar per container that we earn, but it will make a difference to the reported percentage 
margin. Because, right, we are not actually in any way moving the needle in terms of the dollar 
per container because of the increased pricing on Red Sea. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Right. 
Ravi Prakash: 
That's the only risk. Right. And to your broader question of can we expect – see, variable margins 
have moved up by almost 300 basis points this year. I would say that is probably – we are now 
probably at the optimal level. Because in a way, we normalized a very irrational situation that 
existed last year. Right. So what you see in Q4 is probably a good representation of where the 
P&L might look like in terms of variable margin and the cost below that at a consolidated level. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. That's helpful, sir. I will come in queue. . 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihal Shah from Prudent Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihal Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my question was in the cash flows. So our operating cash 
flows from – our operating cash flows have come at INR128 crores coming down from INR734 
crores last year. So what was the main reason for that dip? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So I think last year, we had probably a very – and you should probably normalize it, Nishant, in 
terms of – last year, we had a very, how should I say, unique situation at the end of March 31, 
2023. We had taken a number of working capital initiatives, which on which actually earlier I 
said we had pulled back. 
For example, we had maximized our factoring, which reduced our receivables by almost INR300 
crores last year. We had also taken a few vendor payment initiatives on vendor financing, which 
also reduced our payable – I mean, which increased our payables as well. So that kind of drove 
almost like a INR350 to INR400 crores improvement in working capital, capital which we have 
normalized in FY '24. The reason we normalized that is we have found that as interest rates have 
gone up factoring rates are actually proving to be very uncompetitive. 
 
Now that we have got the IPO funds, and the leverage is under control we can go through regular 
working capital financing. So that is the reason. So, in a way last year's numbers are probably 
how should I say, overstated because of this situation. 
Nihal Shah: 
Okay. So, it comes out to around 18.5% to 19% of our operating profits flowing into the cash 
flow. So, can we assume that to be around 20% for the years coming ahead? 
Ravi Prakash : 
I can always come back to you in terms of – because you are looking at the reported number, so 
if you take the FY '24 number the next year number should be a little bit better than that in terms 
of the – if you take the statutory cash flow and if you are reading off that next year should be a 
little bit better than that. 
Nihal Shah: 
Okay. And another question was like we have a INR4,000 crores deal pipeline. So let us say we 
win an order. So how much of capex is required there because we are having around INR200 
crores of net debt, and we hope to maintain that in the coming years. So how much is the capex 
that is required if we win an order? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, our capex guidance does not change. I think we will still keep it between 1% to 1.5% of 
revenue. The only change to this could be if there is any major deal – how should I say – strategic 
5 to 10 years which can give us a big – we may look at investing because in the past the only 
time that we have deviated from this 1% capex policy is when we have got – how should I say 
– I call breakthrough deals which can change the trajectory of a business or a country. 
 
That is what we have looked at. Having said that we will still like to manage it between the 1% 
to 1.5% of revenue and for the medium term, that is the average that we are working with. And 
therefore, I think that is how you probably work through the debt as well. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Nihal Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you for the answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Philip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Hi. Good evening, sir. I have two questions. One, partly you try to understand regarding the 
network services. So, how do we ensure the profitability because trade rates will continue to 
remain volatile? So, basically is there any scope to create value within that service or it will be 
largely a function of trade rates going forward? And should I ask the second question or the? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Go ahead. Please ask the second question as well. We can answer both together. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Sure, sir. Thanks. So, in case of ISCS business or if you look at the exposure to India how we 
can use the global learning to Indian context, or which are the segments or services we can 
expand in India as a slightly long-term strategy for us? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Okay. So, what I will do is I will quickly -- I will answer the question on network services and 
then I will request Mr. Ravi Viswanathan to say how the global capabilities is influencing Indian 
ability to grow in India. Look, on the network side there are two parts of the business and this 
time in the earnings presentation, we have given a separation between both of them. We have 
called out GFS which is a freight forwarding business and then we called out IFM; integrated 
final mile which is a closed-loop spare parts business which is INR1800 crores. The IFM 
business is in many ways similar to the integrated supply chain business. It is driven by long 
contracts. 
 
It has an infrastructure setup and as you push through more demand through that, you actually 
get better revenue and therefore margin. So, like I said, in the case of the IFM business, we have 
adequate revenue visibility. Our challenge is more on the cost side and like I was explaining to 
Achal from JM, in the next couple of quarters, we expect to bring the cost situation to a point 
where we will probably hit a reasonable run rate. 
 
On the freight forwarding side, look it is not price is not the only determinator. Like we said, I 
was explaining to the other gentleman, even though prices came down, we were able to manage 
procurement to actually improve our variable margins. And so, we have levers at play. And then 
on top of that, we do have fixed cost in terms of people deployed at various points in the points 
of the offices in the network, which we can actually vary as demand moves. 
 
And we have done that as required. So, therefore, there are levers in the case of GFS, like you 
said, procurement is a lever and cost management is a lever. In the case of integrated final mile, 
the throughput is a lever, cost management is a lever. I will request Ravi to talk about how the 
global capabilities have influenced our Indian business. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Right. So, let me say, there are two major elements that we are benefiting from the global 
operations. One is bringing some of the capabilities here. For example, today we are an 
aftermarket leader in India, and that comes from a very strong aftermarket capability that we 
were able to transfer from the UK. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
So, our growth in some of the new segments, both in aftermarket and also in the IFM business 
has come on the back of very strong capability replication from what originated in the UK. A 
lot of what we do in our in-plant  warehouse in terms of automation, etc. Is coming from some 
of the global capabilities that we have built. 
 
The second, and I think probably what is most important, is the ability for us to work with some 
of our large customers globally who are either setting up operations in India or who are present 
in India, and therefore be able to get into what I would call strong account mining, thereby 
building on the execution that we have had in the western market, for example, the ability for us 
to replicate those services here and deep mine those customers. So, global customers and specific 
global capabilities that we have brought to India, which has expanded both our ability to service 
the customer and grow the revenue. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
So, in service side, I got clarity but in case of sector-wise, are there any sectors opening up for 
this idea or it will be more like existing customer where we will try to get a walletshare higher, 
and then it will take some time for other sectors to really go for this services. Are they ready to 
accept this services on products or sectors, or there are only three sectors which will, I think, 
initially target? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Right. We actually operate in multiple sectors. If you are talking about industrial sectors that we 
operate in, we probably have a very diversified portfolio of sectors that we operate in. And what 
we have effectively been able to do is to take this know-how and be quickly able to put the 
process for different sectors. 
 
So, for example, we started our journey long back in the industrial and engineering side of the 
business, but we have moved to consumer durables, we have moved to utilities, we have moved 
to technology services, to consumer retail, and so on. So, I think from a sectorial diversification, 
we have a very, strong sectorial diversification, and we continue to explore new sectors -- both 
internationally and in India. So, I think from a sector diversity perspective, we have a very strong 
distribution of our business across multiple customer segments. I think it's there in page 9 of our 
investor deck. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arif M, who is an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Arif M: 
Hello, sir. Good afternoon, following up on the previous question from the participant, I want to 
ask you what is the exact time on Indian opportunity, and can you tell us how do you differentiate 
yourselves from your competitors in Indian landscape? I want to know how organized is Indian 
market and what is the value addition we are adding compared to our competitors in India? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Arif, it's a good question. I think India is an evolving market. We would like to see India evolving 
into an outsourcing market, which is where we do a lot of our work outside of India. So here I 
would say, it is more relationship-based. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
It is really based on the ability for us to connect with the customer. The differentiation comes 
from us being a full-scale player. When I say a full-scale player, we are a company probably 
uniquely positioned to manage global freight, integrated final mile, and, of course, multiple 
components within the integrated supply chain solutions. 
 
So when it comes to in-plant warehousing solutions or aftermarket solutions, we have a very, 
very strong differentiation. The second differentiation comes from the fact that we have our own 
IT stack, which we try to deploy in many of our customers, which integrates with standard 
software like SAP and so on. So that gives us an edge. 
 
And third, specifically for multinational customers, because of our presence in multiple 
countries, we probably have built strong relationships or at least early inroads into these 
relationships before they move to India. And therefore, we are able to manage early wins with 
these MNCs who are coming and setting up shops in India. So differentiation comes from 
multiple layers. 
One is specific capability, which we have, which we differentiate, like I said, an aftermarket or 
an integrated final mile. Second is in terms of the ability for us to provide an end-to-end solution 
from global freight to transportation to a complete reverse logistics kind of setup. And the third 
is the strength that we bring on multinational. And all of this is tied very strongly with our own 
tech stack, which differentiates us in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
All right. Thank you. First of all, I would like to thank all the participants for being part of this 
discussion on our business performance and the outlook. This is the first annual result 
submission of the company as a listed company. In our investor presentation, we have laid out a 
clear vision in terms of where we want to be as a global logistics company. Our action plans 
would be guided by the goal, and which will lead us to profitable growth. Once again, let me 
thank all of you. It is a pleasure interacting with you and look forward to speaking with all of 
you very soon. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
