 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
                    
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call  
 
This has reference to our communication dated May 17, 2024 and pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 46(2)(oa)(ii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the transcript of the 
conference call held on May 17, 2024, on the Company's performance for the 4th quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2024, is enclosed herewith. The said transcript is also available on 
Company's website at: 
 
https://assets.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/23150845/ZEEL_Q4-
FY24_Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal  
Company Secretary 
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Ashish 
Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by 
Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
Date: 2024.05.23 
16:14:24 +05'30'

 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
Page 1 of 17 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q4 FY 24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in 
conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the 
transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate 
transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the 
event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. This 
document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In 
this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance, and 
often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” or “will.” 
Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These 
uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in such forward-
looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh, Head of Investor 
Relations at Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 FY '24 earnings 
discussion. We have with us today our Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka, 
along with senior management team. We'll start the call by opening remarks from Mr. 
Goenka, followed by commentary on operating and financial performance by Mr. Rohit 
Gupta, our CFO. We'll subsequently open the floor for questions-and-answer session. 
 
Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that some of the statements made 
or discussed on today's conference call will be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. The company does not 
undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements publicly. With that, I'll 
now hand the call over to Mr. Goenka. 
Punit Goenka: 
Good evening, everyone! 
I hope all of you have been keeping well. Thank you for taking the time out to join us 
this evening, as we discuss the Company’s performance in the fourth quarter of the 
financial year 2023-24. Joining me on this call today is our Chief Financial Officer, Rohit 
Gupta, who will be taking you through the performance numbers in greater detail.  
Before we begin, I want to share a quick update on the legal front. As you would have 
read in our communication issued in April 2024, the Company has withdrawn its 
merger implementation application from the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT). 
This decision will enable the Company to sharply focus on growth and strategic 
opportunities, in order to generate higher value for all shareholders. That said, the 
Company will continue to aggressively pursue the arbitration proceedings at the 
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC) and in other forums. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 3 of 17 
Coming back to the quarterly performance, I speak to you today not just as the MD & 
CEO of the Company, but also as someone who is directly responsible of the Domestic 
Broadcast Business. Hence, I would like to focus more on the performance of this 
business and the steps being taken to achieve the targeted goals for the future.  
Our focus in the quarter gone by, has been firmly on enhancing the performance and 
the profitability levels of the Company, in order to achieve the targeted EBITDA margin. 
We have taken concerted efforts in every required direction to ensure that we remain 
Frugal, optimize our resources and maintain a sharp focus on Quality Content across 
the business. We have been implementing a series of steps since the latter half of the 
quarter, results of which will reflect in the bottom-line in FY25. That said, all the 
strategic pieces are gradually coming together in line with the Company’s robust 
growth plan, and I remain committed towards delivering the financial ambitions we 
had outlined in February 2024. The last few months have certainly been intense as we 
took several tough decisions in the interest of the Company. Amidst this, we remain 
grateful for the trust bestowed by our shareholders to implement these steps. Their 
approval on the appointment of 3 new Independent Directors on the Board is a 
testimony of their belief and trust in us. We also have a streamlined and strong team 
now across the business, which reflects the potential of the talent pool we have 
nurtured over the years. In line with the lateral structure implemented across the 
Company, we have entrusted several of our talented team members with higher level 
of responsibilities to encourage more cross-functional collaboration, quick decision 
making and ideation.  
On the performance front, financial year 2023-24 remained subdued due to the 
headwinds faced from the macro-economic environment and other external factors. 
That said, the final quarter of the fiscal stood out by displaying positive levels of 
growth, and we expect this momentum to continue in the new financial year as well. 
The FMCG sector has been recovering with the rural sentiment witnessing an uptick, 
leading to a healthy increase in advertisement revenue for the Company, both, on a 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis. The green shoots that we had noticed over 
the previous quarters, have grown stronger on the back of potential recovery across 
sectors, particularly FMCG. This, coupled with the expectation of a good monsoon, 
should continue driving the momentum forward in FY25. 
Subscription revenue has also continued to grow at a steady pace. Going forward, the 
focus for players across the industry will be on identifying avenues to grow the pay-TV 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 4 of 17 
ecosystem in a healthy manner. We remain hopeful that NTO 3.0 implementation and 
tariff forbearance will strengthen the pay-TV ecosystem and pave way for sustained 
growth in subscription revenues.   
As a result of this all-rounded revenue growth, the margins have also improved during 
the quarter, and our focus remains sharply on achieving a healthy margin growth rate 
in the coming few quarters.  
I am pleased to note the 30 basis points (bps) quarter-on-quarter network share gain, 
reinforcing our strong market position. We have clocked viewership gains in key 
markets like Hindi and Marathi, which are a result of the concerted efforts sown during 
the fiscal. I have been travelling to all our language markets and our local offices in 
order to meet and exchange thoughts and ideas with the teams. I am pleased to note 
the strong commitment displayed by the team members in swiftly aligning with the set 
targets, and substantial energies are being invested on the linear side to further fortify 
our position across markets. My plan is to invest dedicated time and energy in every 
market, in order to identify ways to strengthen the viewership. 
On the digital front, ZEE5 continues to post a moderately healthy increase in metrics 
quarter on quarter. We have been over-indexing on the growth and investments in the 
past, but the need of the hour is to pivot the business to achieve a balanced cost 
structure, in order to sustain long-term growth. With that backdrop, we are looking at 
every element of the business with a lens of improving the overall performance. As a 
result, we expect some short-term aberration in the digital business financial 
performance as we optimize costs for the long run. That said, the platform is making 
steady progress and we have seen healthy trends in usage and engagement metrics, 
including the Net Promoter Score. We remain certain that with the launch of originals 
such as Broken News season 2 and others in the offing, ZEE5 will certainly be a 
competitive force in the Indian OTT landscape going forward. 
The media and entertainment industry continues to undergo structural changes as 
business models swivel to offer consumers a holistic entertainment experience across 
screens. We expect the near-term outlook for the industry to be growth-oriented on 
the back of rising content consumption and improving infrastructure, resulting in 
accessibility and affordability. We are noting the intensifying competition across the 
sector, and have taken strategic steps to secure our future and continue generating 
value for all our stakeholders.  

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 5 of 17 
I firmly believe that healthy competition will only propel the industry forward, which 
is beneficial for all of us. Innovation is at the core of everything we do, and we have 
consistently managed to deliver value with a frugal approach. ZEE’s fiscal prudence has 
enabled it to emerge as the most valuable asset in the industry, and we remain guided 
by this principle going forward.  
Since I last spoke to you in February 2024, we have made significant progress on the 
proposed roadmap. Our visibility and confidence in our performance in FY25, and our 
ability to achieve the long-term aspiration of 18-20% EBITDA by FY26, has further 
bolstered. In the new fiscal, all the interventions will fully play out over the next 3-4 
months, and there will be some one-time costs in the near term. That said, a positive 
upswing should continue in the subsequent quarters, and we remain well-poised to 
capitalise on the opportunities. 
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Rohit, to share the financial and 
operating metrics of our performance in a granular manner. I look forward to 
interacting with all of you during the Q&A session later. 
Thank you. Over to you Rohit. 
Rohit Gupta: 
Thank you, Punit. Good evening, everyone, and great to connect with all of you. I will 
briefly touch upon some of the key financial highlights. 
While FY24 was a challenging year for the overall industry and Zee Entertainment, I am 
pleased to share that we have exited the year with positive tailwinds and growth 
momentum in Q4. This sets up well for FY25 and we are firmly on the path we had laid 
out in our February 2024 earnings call.  
For a good part of FY24, the linear Ad spending environment continued to remain soft 
due to weak pace of recovery in consumption demand for FMCG companies, especially 
driven by the rural demand slowdown, along with weak spending sentiment among 
the new age companies. However, post festive season some green shoots emerged, 
led by FMCG players starting to inch up their Ad spending.  We are pleased to note 
that the Ad spending on GECs has continued to gradually pick up in Q4FY24. We had 
also come out with competitively priced packages for advertisers during the ongoing 
cricket season which offers a great value for Brands to reach audiences at scale with 
lower outlays, and we have seen a good response to that. These factors enabled us to 
post healthy 8.1% QoQ growth on a festive quarter base, and 10.4% YoY growth. While 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 6 of 17 
the FMCG pace of recovery is still nascent and this quarter Sports is taking some share 
of Ad spending, we believe we are better positioned than in previous years to drive 
growth in Ad revenues.   
On Subscription side, FY24 was a positive turning point where revenues grew nearly 
10% YoY led by NTO 3.0 implementation and growth in digital subscription revenue. 
Similarly, Q4 FY24 Subscription revenues are up at a healthy rate of 12% YoY and 3.1% 
QoQ. We are hopeful that with conducive pricing policy framework being in place, 
there will be an opportunity to drive gradual growth in Subscription revenues.  
FY24 was a strong year for our movies business, with Gadar 2 entering the Rs 500 Cr+ 
gross box office collection club. The Kerala story, 12th Fail, Kisi Ki Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan, and 
Bas Ek Bandaa Kaafi Hai being some of the key headline names in Hindi movies, while 
Bro, King of Kotha, and Gude Gude Cha, were some of the key success stories in the 
language’s movies. This strong movie performance across theatrical and syndication, 
aided the other sales and services, which grew at 31.5% YoY in FY24. In Q4 FY24, it was 
a relatively lean movie calendar and lineup, and hence other sales and services 
revenues have been modest.  
From an industry backdrop perspective, the linear industry landscape remains healthy, 
with TV viewership in Q4 increasing YoY. On the linear business front, we continue to 
be India’s strong #2 TV Entertainment network and gained 30 bps of viewership share 
during FY24, taking our viewership share to 17.1%. Encouragingly in Q4 FY24, Zee 
Marathi and Zee TV have both shown uptick, and our Q4 viewership share 
performance has increased by 30 bps QoQ, coming in at 16.8%.  
On the digital side, ZEE5 continues to make steady progress and deliver healthy KPIs 
for usage and engagement. Zee5 revenues were up 24.1% in FY24. In FY24, Zee5 
EBITDA loss remained flat. As part of our overall performance enhancement plan, we 
are revisiting and optimising the overall Zee5 cost structure in line with our strategic 
priorities. This will see us take some one-time costs as we restructure the business and 
will likely cause volatility in quarterly numbers for couple of quarters. In Q4, we have 
seen uptick in Zee5 costs, and we want to reiterate that there is no structural shift in 
cost baseline at Zee5. Zee5 is operating at its peak cost structure and overall cost will 
continue to trend down as we conclude the streamlining process and some of the one-
offs work itself out.  

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 7 of 17 
On the Music business, Zee Music Company (ZMC) continues to be the #2 music 
channel with over 149 Mn subscribers on YouTube and over 165 Bn total video views 
during FY24. Music industry is still under a period of readjustment, with few music 
streaming apps having shut down last year and some others moving behind a paywall. 
While this creates headwinds for near-term growth, we remain focused in managing 
the business with a prudent cost structure and enhancing profitability.  
Moving to costs and profitability, in FY24 we have made strategic investments in the 
business across content, marketing and technology, leading to an overall increase of 
10.6% in overall operating costs. In Q4FY24 our YoY operating cost base has remain 
steady, while it has seen some uptick QoQ due to Zee5 and sports. Beginning Q4FY24, 
we have embarked on a cost optimisation initiative in line with the overall plan we 
have shared. I am pleased to share that we are making good progress on that and have 
already initiated several actions across the business and each element of cost structure 
including content, people, technology and marketing.  While these interventions will 
have some one-time costs coming in Q1 FY25, we are well setup for driving a healthy 
margin improvement beginning Q2 FY25.  
PAT from continued operations for FY24 was at Rs 1,993 Mn and for Q4 was at Rs 122 
Mn. PAT for the Quarter was impacted by deferred tax asset reversal, in line with 
current business outlook. I want to clarify that this deferred tax asset reversal is an 
accounting adjustment on a conservative basis, and its non-cash in nature.     
On the balance sheet side, our focused efforts have enabled us to further strengthen 
our liquidity and financial position. During the quarter, we generated strong FCF driven 
by optimization of working capital. The cash & treasury investments increased during 
the quarter and as of Mar’24 stood at Rs 11.9 Bn, which includes a Cash balance of Rs 
5.7 Bn and FDs of Rs 6.2 Bn. Our content inventory continued to decline in Q4 driven 
by optimized acquisition. Mar’24 Content inventory, advances, and deposits were at 
Rs 74.2 Bn, lower by Rs 5.4 Bn on a YoY basis. 
Moving into FY25, we continue to expect gradual recovery in revenues. Ad revenue 
outlook looks promising based on FMCG spending green shoots, expectation of normal 
monsoon and rural recovery. We also expect to sustain growth in Subscription 
revenues and Zee5. On the back of margin improvement action plan initiated, prudent 
cost management and narrowing losses in Zee5, we are hopeful of seeing a meaningful 
improvement in overall profitability in FY25. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 8 of 17 
Back to you Mahesh  
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Rohit. Dorwin we can open the call for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and answer session. We have the first question from 
the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on recovery in the margin starting, still it's a long way. My first question is 
media is a people's business, and you had built up the team over the last few years in 
terms of the OTT and overall multiple genres. And because of the change in scenario, 
you have now started focusing on a more rational cost base. So, I wanted to 
understand, one, now that a lot of the rationalization is happening, how does this 
impact your ability to fight competition in medium, long term?  I understand the 
market share is a dynamic number. But not having that talent pool, how does it impact 
both in OTT and in terms of the linear TV in medium, long term? And now that FMCG 
recovery is starting, which you also referred to multiple times in the opening remarks, 
again, is this the right time to rationalize your cost structure because if revenue is 
improving for the industry, generally, the investment by the players also increases. So, 
I wanted to understand more holistic, more from a 2 to 3 year perspective, not 1 or 2 
quarters, how does this impact your ability to fight the competition? 
Punit Goenka: 
Thanks, Abneesh. If we look at the largest amount of rationalization that has taken 
place is in the technology part of the OTT business. And like we have been maintaining 
for the last couple of years that we are building out the platform. And now we truly 
believe that our platform is stable, and our platform has been built up to compete in 
the market in the best form that we can. Of course, there can always be improvements 
to it. Therefore, we didn't feel that we needed this kind of level of people, etcetera, on 
that front. 
 
Also, Abneesh, you have to realize that in the last 2-2.5 years, given the fact that we 
have been busy with the merger and other things, every company goes through this 
cycle in its life where fat does accumulate within the organization. And we believe that 
this is the right time for us to take those calls. I do not believe that we cannot compete 
with competition, given where we are. I think the testimony is going to be only to be 
seen over a period of time. But I am pretty confident that the team that remains with 
us is totally capable of taking the entire thing forward for our growth plans that we 
have outlined. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 9 of 17 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on the 2 important revenue items for you. In both, we 
have seen a good recovery. So, if you could talk about how the industry should look at 
FY '25 in both advertising and subscription revenue. I remember historically, you have 
always given at this point of time, your outlook on the advertising industry and 
subscription now, clearly, things are far better versus, say, 2 to 3 years back. So more 
on the industry level, I know for you, generally, you grow a bit faster, but given the 
dynamic nature of changes which you are doing any, I'm not asking a company specific 
guidance, but at the industry level for your kind of a genre, what is the expectation? 
Punit Goenka: 
Abneesh, I think the industry itself will see healthy growth in the high single digits for 
both subscription and advertising. And so that's what I am expecting. And I think 
whatever my conversations with my own peers in the industry happens, everybody is 
focused on, as I said in my opening remarks, that how do we grow the pay TV 
ecosystem. Advertising, of course, is very dynamic for every network, it's this thing. 
But for the pay TV ecosystem, we can, as an industry work together with the likes of 
TRAI and make sure that we get the right growth through the NTO structure that has 
been put in place. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Bank of America. 
Pankaj: 
Congrats on the margin improvement. My first question is about how should we look 
at the positioning of ZEE5 going ahead? Let's say, forget about the cost that will come 
in, maybe 3 quarters and the long or probably a year or 2 down the line. How should 
ZEE5 be positioned against the likes of Netflix and JioCinema and all other players? 
How do you think about it? 
Punit Goenka: 
Pankaj, we are comparing apples-and-oranges here. JioCinema, Hotstar and these kind 
of platforms are all playing on the sports business, whereas we are operating in the 
pure entertainment category in this country. And if you look at the content offering 
that ZEE5 has, that's what we have always maintained that we are a holistic family 
entertainment platform. And that's the differentiator that we want to position 
ourselves to be going forward as well. 
Pankaj: 
Got it, Punit. And just in continuation of that, would you be a little more aggressive in 
buying content, let's say, either movies or originals? 
Punit Goenka: 
We have been aggressive already Pankaj in terms of buying movies, but there are times 
when in situations like today, where we have to become a bit frugal to make sure that 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 10 of 17 
we are buying the right content at the right pricing. So, we are being very cautious on 
what we buy at what price. Therefore, we may slow down buying a bit. But eventually, 
once our profitability improves and everything comes back to a normal stage, we will 
deploy capital back into the ZEE5 business. 
Pankaj: 
Very well understood. My next question is about pricing in ZEE5. Do you see room to 
tweak around the pricing? Or do you think the market is too low right now and let the 
pricing be? 
Punit Goenka: 
We are competing in the market on pricing with everybody, and we have pretty 
competitive or even equal to whatever the pricing may be, maybe a little bit lower than 
them, but that is for the reasons for the content that we do not offer, whether it be 
sports or the English language content. So, I think our pricing is correct. And currently, 
we want to stick with this. But eventually, there has to be room for pricing to go up. 
That's the only way to grow the business, and not just in subscription, but advertising, 
subscription everywhere, pricing has to go up, that's the only way we can grow the 
business. 
Pankaj: 
Got it. And just last question from my side. How should we look at the outlook of your 
Movies business? Any big bang release that is coming in probably this year? Or do you 
want to go slow in that business? 
Punit Goenka: 
I wouldn't say we want to go slow. But again, as I said that given that we are focused 
on frugality and quality content, that's what we are going to focus on rather than trying 
to go out after big bang films. If you look at most of our successes in the last 2 years, 
have not been high-cost content. They have been reasonable cost or even low cost 
that has worked for us. So, I do not believe that we need to buy more expensive 
content just to make big bang and stuff like that. 
 
So, from that point of view, we will think the right content that works for our DNA and 
work on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivekanand Subbaraman from Ambit Private 
Limited. 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Punit, your current term as MD and CEO ends in December 2024. Have you engaged 
with your current large shareholders. What are the key markers between now and end 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 11 of 17 
of calendar year that you've agreed upon with key shareholders? And how confident 
are you of a favourable shareholder vote for continuity? 
Punit Goenka: 
Vivekanand, I have not engaged with any shareholder about my appointment or 
reappointment. I do not believe in that. The shareholders will decide whether I'm fit 
to run this company or not. I do not believe I have to reach out to them to agree on 
markers and other things. I've already given my own targets to you all in February of 
this year, reiterating those targets to you even on this call. So, at the end of the day, it 
is the shareholders who will decide whether I am the right person or not or somebody 
else needs to lead this company. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
Punit, in your opening remarks and also subsequently, you emphasized a lot on the 
industry consensus when it comes to pay TV growth industry consensus. I understand 
it's between broadcasters, DPOs and as well as the regulator. Do you find at this point 
of time, there is a consensus or there is some difference in opinion, especially with the 
broadcaster who is looking to grow and who is likely to get merged and become 
bigger? 
Punit Goenka: 
Arun, every deal that happens with DPOs is a bilateral deal. So, we do not negotiate as 
industry jointly. But we do work jointly as an industry with the regulator to work on 
the regulation of how this industry needs to be governed from a pricing point of view 
and those kinds of things. But we cannot have consensus on it. The industry cannot 
come together because that is not something that will be right because we have to all 
work on our strengths. And therefore, we do bilateral deals with DPOs whether it be 
DTH or cable or anybody else. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. So, I'm trying to understand whether this pricing that we have kind of benefited 
from this, can this be repeated every year? Or will it be more like a once in 2, 3 years 
exercise? How is that thought process going at this point of time? 
Punit Goenka: 
So as per the NTO, we have already taken price increases. We are in the midst of our 
negotiations with DPO. As I said, these are all bilateral negotiations and as they close, 
you will see the results of this. We do expect that the growth will continue. It may be 
moderated for quarter or two, or go up. But overall, the industry will grow on an 
annualized basis. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 12 of 17 
Arun Prasath: 
Secondly, on ZEE5, you have indicated the moderation of the spend, what is the 
challenge in the subscriber retention if you had to decrease content spending? And 
also, at some point of time, that increase the pricing plans. Do you think the retention 
is possible? Or do you think given that industry level subscriptions have saturated, 
wouldn't it be a big challenge to grow revenue if you reduce spend? What is the 
thinking behind this? 
Punit Goenka: 
I don't think spend is the way to retain or to grow subscriber base. As I said earlier, 
quality content is what retains subscriber base. As long as we can offer quality content 
to our subscribers, they will stay with us. If you would have noticed in the last quarter, 
we have put out only 1 original series compared to several that we have done in the 
previous quarters. 
 
Despite that, we have not lost any subscriber base. In fact, we have grown the 
subscriber base even in the last quarter. So, I truly believe that it's not only about 
spending, it's about offering quality content to the subscriber to maintain that thing. 
As far as saturation is concerned, I think the Indian market is still not in the position 
where they want to pay for quality content. Therefore, it will take some more time. 
But certainly, at some point in time, they will start to see the value of the content that 
all the OTT players, not just ZEE5 is offering. And the market will evolve. And if I were 
to give you the analogy when television went pay. At that point in time also, everybody 
asked that why the consumer would pay for it when they are used to getting it for free. 
But over a period of time, the consumers are used to paying for it because it then 
becomes usual general expense for a household. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right, right. Internally, any targets on what kind of first profitability level you are 
targeting for ZEE5? 
Punit Goenka: 
No. We cannot give you that breakup right now, Arun, because these are all 
proprietary and confidential information. 
Arun Prasath: 
okay, at least some timeline when we can start expecting; 1 year, 2 years, 3 years? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Arun, I think you would see losses narrowing down in near term, but we're not really 
giving a pointed timeline in terms of guidance with break even. We want to keep some 
flexibility open to be able to respond to competitive action, redeploy some capital back 
and all that. So, I think it's going to be a bit of flexible conversation, but definitely next 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 13 of 17 
year, you would see lower losses than the FY '24 and you would see that trend line 
improving. Breakeven, we are not putting a certain timeline to it. 
Punit Goenka: 
Arun, just to add to what Mahesh said, I would request all of you to just focus on the 
overall company's profitability, margins and stuff like that, rather than every vertical 
and things like that because I think that's the more important part for the stakeholders 
and the shareholders to focus on the overall company's performance rather than each 
vertical performance. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Also Arun, just to go back to the point you made about spends in ZEE5. Please keep in 
mind that ZEE5 spending composition has also changed over the years, like when we 
started 2 years back, a lot of expenditure around 0 to 1 setup in tech and marketing, 
etcetera, were needed because you were establishing the platform, you're 
establishing the visibility and recall. As we move forward, lot of those expenses are 
tapering off because like Punit alluded in his opening remarks and answers, those 
expenses have delivered a very high degree of visibility, very strong tech platform and 
all that, which allows us to reduce spend overall, but still create reasonably meaningful 
room for content investment. So, it doesn't necessarily have to go in the same 
proportion, which gives us flexibility to play with those components. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Chandrasekar from UBS. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
A couple of questions from my side. So, the ad revenue growth we posted during the 
quarter was quite commendable, especially considering it typically a non-seasonal 
quarter. Just wanted to get some more color from you on where is the spend coming 
from? What categories maybe within FMCG are you seeing? Because when you look 
at some of the consumer companies results, this level of ad spend increase is not that 
visible. Also, if you look at some of the BARC data, etcetera, it doesn't come out. So, 
an 8% Q-o-Q growth is quite a good quarterly sequential growth. So, any color on that? 
And whether this is sustainable? Are you seeing similar trends in April and May as well? 
Any color on that will be helpful. 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Aditya this trend is certainly sustainable, it may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter based 
on how the industry and the advertising sector performs. But I would say a large part 
of this growth has come on the back of our performance because all of our language 
markets have done reasonably or extremely well for us. And therefore, we've been 
able to get disproportionate share of growth in the industry. Of course, the industry 
also has spent more money as you would have seen from the FMCG companies reports 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 14 of 17 
that their A&P spends have gone up significantly. So, from that point of view, I am, as 
always, cautiously optimistic that this trend should be sustainable. But we will see 
more colour over the quarters. We have seen 7, 8 quarters where these numbers are 
not visible, but I don't want to base my judgment on 1 quarter. So kindly bear with me, 
we will continue to work through this quarter-on-quarter with you all. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Can I get some color on how April and May have been? Are you seeing this uptick 
continue into April and May? 
Punit Goenka: 
It's an upward trend, Aditya. That's all I would say. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Got it. Okay. And last question from my side. On ZEE5, I think, similar to the earlier 
question, so we have seen some competitor’s kind of announced a big slate of content. 
So, we are seeing investments from, say, an Amazon Prime video or even a JioCinema 
on the entertainment and on sports side. Do you think we can take a call to kind of say 
that our content investments have been kind of taper it down while competition is 
going back and do you see any kind of risk of churn if we kind of reduce our slate of 
originals versus our usual run rate where we churn out a lot of original content in light 
of competition still being kind of aggressive, how do you kind of look at ZEE5? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
So, I think Aditya like I said before, we're not really intending to cede space or 
completely take our foot off the content. I think like Punit alluded; we will be selective 
in the choices we make. We don't have to really compete count to count, budget to 
budget with our peer group. I think we are coming from a space where a lot of our 0 
to 1 kind of investment in tech, etcetera, are tapering off, which will give us flexibility 
to be able to selectively be tactical and aggressive about where we want to invest 
between Hindi, across language markets between Movies and Originals. So, we think 
we will do reasonable amount of content keeping in line with our business ambitions. 
But we're not going to be swayed away by a specific budget or genre or the kind of 
show which others are doing. We think we have a reasonably good handle on content, 
which resonates with our viewers. And we have reasonable room within our cost 
structure and our business direction to be able to fund that kind of content investment 
and acquisition. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sameer D from Fair Deal. 
Sameer D: 
It was nice to see some recovery sequentially as well as year-on-year in our results. 
And I wish the company achieves its targets and remains on the path of progress, which 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 15 of 17 
for last 2, 3 years was missing. But now I wanted to know in our meeting in March, our 
chairman had mentioned that this Sony merger, etcetera, which was continuing, they 
hope that the things to be taken care in the NCLT. After that, we withdrew from NCLT, 
saying that we reserve right to come to NCLT, if at all, the arbitration proceeds are in 
your favour. What is the situation now? Now the matter is ending with Singapore 
arbitration tribunal and  so are the hearings going on? Or when are they scheduled for 
that? 
Punit Goenka: 
So hearing is scheduled, Sameer, I wouldn't have the dates handy on me right now. GC 
is not in the room but we can give you the dates offline, Mahesh can always let you 
know. But the arbitration proceedings in Singapore are continuing. We have 
withdrawn from NCLT only because we did not see any movement coming from Sony 
side in terms of any resolution. So therefore, we made a conscious call that we should 
withdraw from that. And it doesn't hamper the scheme in any manner because the 
scheme is court approved and therefore, remains intact. 
Sameer D: 
If in arbitration proceeding, as we have really taken a lot of pains and we have closed 
some of the channels because due to the competition commission, etcetera, so really, 
we have also lost a significant amount of money as well as the effort. So, as you have 
rightly said that you have the options to, in case they say that they are wanting to 
charge a termination fee. But our stand is that we have already reasonably completed 
with all the precedent conditions. So, if we succeed in that, then still the NCLT can rule 
in favor of the merger and the merger can go on? 
Punit Goenka: 
Sameer, these things are very sub-judice, so I would not like to comment on those 
things, but we will do everything that's possible to safeguard the interest of our 
stakeholders and the company. That is our prime objective. please be rest assured, 
and we will work on that. 
Sameer D: 
And how should the investigation... 
Punit Goenka: 
We will keep you updated on all these things quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Bank of America. 
Pankaj: 
Just two quick questions. Last quarter, we called out that FMCG advertising is a little 
weaker in the Hindi heartland market. The growth that has come in fourth quarter, is 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 16 of 17 
it leading across the board? Or have you seen north versus south, anything to call out 
this time? 
Punit Goenka: 
I think we have seen that growth coming across the board. It may differ from market 
to market based on every FMCG company's own priorities as to which market they are 
focusing on, but nothing that we need to call out here. 
Pankaj: 
Got you. Understood. And just one last very quick question. Are you in discussions with 
any strategic or financial investor as of now? 
Punit Goenka: 
I would not like to comment on that, Pankaj. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin from SKCO. 
Sachin: 
I wanted to know two things. Like there have been so many rumours regarding your 
fresh merger with Adani or any other group. Is there any truth in that? And second is 
after such a beautiful result, do you want to merge with any other company in future? 
Punit Goenka: 
Sachin, please don't go on rumours. There's a lot of rumours in the market that go 
around especially for Zee, because we are in the media business and rumours has 
become part and parcel of our life. But please don't go on any rumours from that point 
of view. Whether we want to merge with any other entity or not, as I said, just now to 
Pankaj that I would not like to comment on that until we have some more clarity there. 
This is only 1 quarter that we have gone through of seeing good results. Right now, 
we've just come out of the NCLT proceedings of withdrawing our application. Right 
now, the focus of the organization is to rebuild the business and get it back on track. 
And therefore, that's the only thing that we are focused and working towards. 
Sachin: 
Okay. One more question. Like recently, we have seen a lot of cost-cutting measures 
announced by your company. So how much do you think the impact will be on the next 
quarter for your profit of that? 
Punit Goenka: 
As Rohit maintained in his opening remarks, there will be some onetime cost. Rohit do 
you want to take this ahead? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes. we're still calibrating a lot of cost. And as Punit has already mentioned, all costs, 
we are looking at with a lens. That's why I pre-empted and said that there will be an 
impact in Q1, which will come in, very difficult to give any quantification as of now. But 
whatever that impact will be, we will call it out separately. 

ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited May 17, 2024     
                
 
Page 17 of 17 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
And just to add to what Rohit said, our longer-term outcome from what we are doing 
in the near term is that our aspiration is that with all these efforts in FY '26, we want 
to strive for 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. So, while there may be a near-term impact in 
the next quarter, it will set us up well going into that direction, which we've articulated 
and reaffirmed in today's call. 
Sachin: 
Okay. And I think this quarter result will give a big relief to the retail investor who have 
like believed in your company. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you very much, Sachin. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh, Head of Investor Relations for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, everyone. Thanks for taking time and joining us today. We hope this discussion 
was useful for you to get a perspective on our performance, and it answered all your 
questions. If you do have any follow-up questions or clarifications, please feel free to 
reach out to us. Look forward to being in touch and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
