 
 
 
CIN: L74899DL1992PLC051462 
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Reg. off.: 410-412,18/12, 4th Floor, W.E.A, Arya Samaj Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Corp off.: 716-717, 7th Floor, Tower – B, World 
Trade Tower, Sector – 16, Noida,201301, Uttar Pradesh, Ph.: +91 120 4290650/52/53/54/55, Email: info@cslfinance.in, Web.: www.cslfinance.in 
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
C-1, Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: CSLFINANCE 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 530067 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on May 16, 2024 
 
With reference to our letter dated May 09, 2024, intimating you about the conference call for 
Analysts and Investors held on May 16, 2024, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information shall be made available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.cslfinance.in. 
 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For CSL Finance Limited 
 
 
Rohit Gupta 
Managing Director 
(DIN: 00045077) 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ROHIT 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by ROHIT GUPTA 
Date: 2024.05.21 
12:35:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
CSL Finance Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the CSL Finance Limited Q4 and FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by TIL Advisors Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sayam Pokharna from TIL Advisors Private Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sayam Pokharna: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you taking the time to join us today on 
this call. As a reminder, our Q4 and FY24 results along with the investor presentation have been 
filed with the Stock Exchange and are available on our company website. For those not on the 
mailing list, please feel free to reach out to us and we will email you future updates regarding 
the company. 
Joining us today to discuss our results and provide an overview of the business and the outlook 
for the future, we have members of the management team. I will just name them out. Mr. 
Rohit Gupta - Managing Director; Mr. Amit Ranjan - Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Naresh 
Chandra Varshney – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Chandan Kumar – Credit Head; Ms. Rachita 
Gupta – Whole-Time Director and Mr. Atul Agrawal - President, Finance and Treasury. 
We will begin with a brief overview of the quarter and the whole year from Ms. Rachita Gupta, 
followed by a Q&A session. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during this 
call should be considered in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that are outlined in 
our annual report. 
With that, I will hand over the call to Rachita. Over to you. 
Rachita Gupta: 
Thank you, Sayam. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased 
to share with you the highlights of our company's performance in quarter 4 and FY24. Overall, 
as you can see, it has been a very good year for the company with an all-round performance in 
all key metrics. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
To begin with, our AUM has shown robust growth of 9% quarter-on-quarter and 38% year-on-
year, reaching a total of Rs. 1,030 crore of an AUM. Subsequently, our loan book has reached 
Rs. 926 crores as on Financial Year ‘24. With this, we have delivered on our AUM target of Rs. 
1,000 crores for FY24. A significant portion of our incremental growth has been driven by our 
SME retail vertical, thus a shift in AUM mix further in favor of SME retail. Currently, the SME 
retail and the wholesale AUM mix stands at 44 to 56 in FY24 wherein we have seen a shift of 
4% in the favor of SME retail over FY23. 
Disbursements across the entire year have been robust, while wholesale disbursement tends 
to be a little lumpy. Overall, we have seen significant improvement in this number. We have 
made cumulative disbursements of a total of Rs. 1,052 crores in FY24 registering a 39% growth 
over the previous year. Going forward, we will focus more on the SME retail vertical, which will 
also make the disbursements less lumpy and in the wholesale vertical our focus will be to 
generate off-book AUM for co-lending, direct assignment and down selling models. Overall, 
growth will be seen in both on-book and off-book AUM. 
Now, we come to our asset quality, which has remained robust with a further improvement in 
GNPA and NNPA, which stood lowered by 17 bps and 10 bps respectively over the previous 
financial year. Further, we are prudently provisioning a flat 1% of our loan book as opposed to 
the regulatory requirement of 0.4%. We are following a conservative accounting policy and are 
maintaining a provision coverage ratio of 270%. Furthermore, we have also witnessed decent 
tractions on the recovery front. In FY24, we have recovered a sum total of Rs. 2.34 crores from 
our earlier write off. I would like to reiterate that within our NPAs and return of accounts, we 
have a very strong mechanism in place to follow through on recovery. We have a very robust 
team that works on our NPA recovery through various legal and collection teams and platforms. 
Our bad debt recovery has been strong with more than 65% to 70% of the same has been 
recovered in the SME segment. And if you talk about our wholesale segment, there has been 
no NPAs.  
Despite a 3% quarter-on-quarter growth in total income for quarter 4, we experienced a 4% 
decrease in net interest income in Q4 due to higher liquidity and negative interest carry on the 
same. This was primarily due to sanctioned receipt towards the end of the quarter, which could 
not be deployed immediately at quarter closing. However, our net profitability improved 
significantly with 11% quarter-on-quarter increase and 57% increase year-on-year. For the full 
financial year, our net interest income is up by 38%, reaching Rs. 120 crores and a net profit for 
FY24 stood at Rs. 63 crores, registering significant growth of 39% over FY23. Our yields have 
remained robust in both the verticals and the majority of our portfolio has been repriced 
according to the prevailing interest rates over the last financial year. 
Given our healthy and profitable growth, I am pleased to announce that the board has 
recommended a dividend of Rs. 2.5 per equity share. CSL Finance continues with its dividend 
paying policy, demonstrating our commitment to fair value creation for all our stakeholders. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
We are pleased to announce that we have added two new lending partners this quarter, DCB 
Bank and Indian Overseas Bank in the quarter 4 and our total lending partners at the end of 
the year stands at a total of 23, which was earlier in FY23 it was a total of 15 lenders. Another 
crucial update from last quarter has been the credit rating upgrade to A- table from Acuite 
Ratings & Research. We surged from erstwhile BBB+. This was a very important development 
as the A rating allows us to access more funds at competitive rates. It will allow us to access 
more funds from public sector banks and help optimize over weighted average cost of 
borrowing. Additionally, our leverage ratio is very comfortable right now and there is decent 
scope to leverage our books from existing ~1.0 debt to equity to ~2.5 times over the coming 
two years. This will further aid our RoE. 
Improving employee and branch level efficiency remains an ongoing activity and a key area of 
focus. Our AUM per branch has improved significantly in FY24 and as you can see from our 
presentation, aiding to branch level profitability and overall profit contribution from the SME 
retail vertical. Subject to market conditions, we are looking to add significantly more branches 
in FY24. We will increase our branch count by 50% in FY25 and look to double the branch 
network in the next two years. A lot of improvements have happened in our existing branches 
as well with respect to teams, systems, infrastructures and locations. As communicated earlier, 
we are working towards our off-book AUM, towards growing our off-book AUM in both 
wholesale and SME retail through direct assignment, co-lending and down-sell models to 
generate a sustainable fee based income. This will help leverage our domain expertise and 
improve overall RoEs of the company. So far we have accumulated a total of Rs. 104 crores off-
book AUM and we expect this to increase recently in the coming year. We have the potential 
to generate an annual fee income of up to 2% of the AUM under direct assignment and co-
lending without any legal recourse. 
I would also like to provide an update on the new Suvidha loan product that we have been 
working on for the last couple of quarters. Firstly, we experienced a slowdown in 
disbursements and collections for this product during quarter 4 as we encountered several on 
ground challenges with how the product and the loan accounts were behaving during this 
period. Furthermore, the festive month of Ramadan also led to a slowdown in both 
disbursements and collections for this product. Based on these learnings, we are currently 
reengineering our systems and the Suvidha loan product itself. Once these improvements are 
implemented, we will roll out the product again. Additionally, the rollout of a dedicated new 
loan origination and disbursement platform as Suvidha has been delayed due to significant 
complexities involved in developing and implementing this unique and one of its kind platform, 
which involves a mixture of personal loan and supply chain. However, we are in the final stages 
of concluding this task and expect the rollout to happen in quarter 2 of the new financial year. 
I want to reiterate that our utmost focus is on first establishing robust production systems, 
followed by growth. We do not want to lend loosely, especially given that this is our first 
unsecured product offering. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
Finally, our outlook for the coming year remains robust with an AUM aspiration of up to Rs. 
1,450 crores for FY25. This is subject to a conducive macro environment on both fund raise 
front and end general business environment, but we are fairly confident in achieving our AUM 
targets. Further, we aim to achieve an AUM mix of 55 to 45 SME retail to wholesale in the 
coming years. As we scale up in the coming 2 years, we expect our ROEs to improve further 
and be in the range of 15% to 16% which has already started to happen on a quarterly basis as 
of Q4. 
In conclusion, we are excited about the progress we have made in the fourth quarter and the 
full financial year 23-24. We remain committed to delivering value to our stakeholders and 
driving sustainable growth in the years to come. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, my first question was on the rating upgrade and its impact on our overall borrowing profile, 
so with this A- rating, we will be able to access more PSU banks and our cost of borrowing is 
also expected to come down. So, if you can highlight what kind of advantages do we see in 
terms of our overall borrowing cost as well as new banks being added in our lender, so if you 
can talk about that first? 
Rohit Gupta: 
This is Rohit Gupta. So, definitely, this rating upgrade we were looking for last I would say few 
a quarters and this has come in the fag-end of this quarter in the March. And the rating 
definitely will help us on the PSU front, especially because certain banks have put a threshold 
of A-. In spite of that, they were keen to lend us and that was one limitation for us and with 
this coming first, a lot of PSUs will get open for us and secondly the size which you can get from 
the PSUs are sometimes not available from the small finance bank or the larger NBFCs. So, in 
terms of size and new openings from PSU banks that will be there and definitely the cost of 
borrowing will come down over a period of time. The incremental cost will come down from 
all lenders and specifically from the PSU front, maybe in the range of initially 50 bps to 75 bps 
initially, and going forward, we will be able to leverage ourselves more. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, before the rating upgrade? Have we added further lenders in our borrowing profile? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes, definitely we can, right now we have only 3 PSU lenders, even those they have taken a 
special approval to fund as A-. But with this coming, the focus going forward will be on the PSU 
banks and the larger private sector banks. So, definitely it will help us both in terms of the size 
which we are able to get from these lenders and in terms of cost of borrowing and we see that 
they will be on the weighted average will be lower 50 bps to 75 bps, I would say the immediate 
2-3 quarters and going forward as our overall cost keep on going down with the new borrowing 
cost, we will have more bargaining power with the lenders at that time. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, my second question was on team strength. We have seen a significant jump in the number 
of team members from 421 people by the end of FY24 compared to 257 which were there last 
year and we had just added 3 branches last year. So, what has led to this significant jump in 
our teams and despite opening hardly 3 branches last year? 
Rohit Gupta: 
As we said, the focus was to make the existing branches more productive and to increase their, 
I would say the geography. So, the focus was to keep more salespeople, add more salespeople 
there in the listing branches and strengthen our middle level team in having our cluster heads 
and both in terms of sales, collections and on the credit side. So, those strengthening of the 
middle level and senior people at the branches have been done and with this strengthening, 
now we did not add people at the middle and senior level with the expansion which we have 
planned in next two years and we are planning an aggressive suspension. This is what we have 
done in the last three years. So, we are thinking of opening 50% more branches, which may be 
in the range of 16 to 20 branches in this financial year and the same number the next financial 
year. That was required. Because of those parameters in addition to that, we opened our new 
quasi unsecured fabricated division which also where around 40 people were deployed. So, 
that was also one of the reasons which we got two quarters back. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, how do you see the employee cost which had jumped significantly last year? Will we 
continue to see 30%-40% growth in our employee cost given the new branches that we are 
planning to launch over the next 2 years? 
Rohit Gupta: 
I would say now we are in the middle of appraisal also. Appraisal will also add some portion of 
the cost and I wouldn't say that this 30% rise because now we only require people at the 
branch. We don't require people at the middle level, at the regional level or at the HO level. 
So, the cost, I think, should not go beyond 20% to 25% in this financial year. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And my last question was on the Suvidha loans. So, we have been working on this for close to 
a year now and there has been some tinkering that you have mentioned in the presentation 
regarding the platform and the changes that we are making. But you would have been able to 
evaluate the kind of opportunity and the risk which exist in the segment, so let us say when we 
are starting with this rollout of our new platform next year, how do you see this segment scaling 
up for us over the next 2-3 years. Currently, it is hardly contributing anything to our AUM. So, 
how do you see this segment going for us and what kind of risks are associated with this 
segment? 
Amit Ranjan: 
Basically, you have rightly highlighted that in the last year we have started this product and in 
the first quarter as is the presentation it is given that we are soft on Suvidha because whatever 
learnings which we have taken from the last 8-9 months, we are incorporating into the system 
and once we relaunch it in the month of July, it will be totally on the digital platform and the 
idea is take it to the next level because we have seen there is a pull in the market that this kind 
of product is nobody is selling and we have been able to onboard around 1500 to 1600 clients 

 
Page 6 of 17 
out of which, active is around 900 clients as of today and we don't see any challenges in scaling 
up. Once the digital platform is ready and the team is also there, so primarily, if you see the 
cost will come only on the RM/RO side, because this is the product where mainly RM/RO is 
required to source the business. So, we are very confident that this will be another good 
product for the company as well as for the population also. So, that is the idea and that is the 
reason we are plugging all the shortcomings which were there in the earlier product and maybe 
from July 1st we will be able to relaunch it. 
Rohit Gupta: 
I will just like to add, initially when we started, we started as a kind of a term loan with a lot of 
credit checks and all those. And as we thought that let us scale up, a lot of things were a little 
bit loosened and secondly to be very frankly, this segment in the North is a community 
dominated with Muslims 82%-85%, and so in Ramadan we saw a slowdown in both collections 
& disbursements. And thirdly, I would say we are certain things with the learning which have 
come in terms of making that e-way bill must be captured. Sometimes the account goes into 
DPD, the same address or co-applicant is not disbursed. Our MIS should come live at all times 
in terms of collections and how the disbursements are happening that needs to be reduced. 
So, all those things which we made the system there, but there were certain practical learnings 
from that and where we have to now thought of in-building the retailer into it also, keeping 
some kind of, I would say kind of annuity income to in and the looping in the total system so as 
to have a better control over the borrower and to have a better authenticity and it is going for 
the supply chain finance only. So, we thought we had been as you know. We always think that 
we must have complete domain knowledge and it has helped us to have, I would say, a 360-
degree view in terms of learning from all angles. Now, focus is to build the new model and we 
are building a little, some changes in the team is also helping and at the same time we are 
focusing at the existing team to focus on collection and the fresh business is not the way we 
were doing it earlier and we will do it with more aggression in the month of July, with 
everything coming on board. And the system which we were developing and the tweaking 
which were happening, so even the service provider was also taking time because the learning 
was giving us more tweaking at every time and that is why that system which we dwell needs 
to be little changed keeping in view of all those things. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, how big do you think this segment can be for us over the next 2-3 years and in addition to 
that we have started this product with just one company APL targeting fabricator, do you think 
we can also expand it to other segments and other companies? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes, definitely we thought that now to make it a little more, I would say to increase the size we 
thought that we will go beyond the APL. With APL, the subvention was coming. Those will be 
funded with the interest cost, and we have also thought that we will increase, we were doing 
it with around 20 to 22%. We will increase our interest rates to take care on the front cost side 
also. And then we can leverage further, I would say, the other items and all those. Apart from 
sales, we can look at others, but yes initially the focus was after relaunch for 9 months to 12 
months, we will be on this segment plus doing for other manufacturers where the subvention 

 
Page 7 of 17 
will not be there and we will be charging interest from day 1. So, it is a kind of a quasi personal 
loan where we have to ensure that the amount which we are going for is only going for the 
funding of their invoices because the retailer is not settling his old bad debts. And system has 
to drive this and the MIS should be coming at all times live with all our team and to make all 
those things in the in the system we are reorienting it and with this the new version will be 
relaunching and we will stay with more confidently on this segment after, I would say end of 
September when we relaunch it, but now at the end of, we would like to sell for us. It is one of 
the lending fees. So, our SME has been doing extremely good at the same time wholesale. So, 
this was the third quarter which you have added. And I would say it is a little, maybe slow at 
what we promised and a little more cautious, but that has been our ethos and that we first 
learn it and we don't want that. We do a huge mistake on building a credit cost and then 
implementing those learning. So, we have been upfront and a little cautious and that is why 
we have sort of going to a new platform with the new policies and processes around that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ananth Jain, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ananth Jain: 
My first question is that we have seen a significant increase in our fee income on a year-on-
year basis where like it has gone up from Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 9.5 crores, which is like even in 
relation to the interest income, it is significantly higher, the growth in the fee and commission 
income. Can you just help explain what is the reason for this and can we see this trend continue 
in the coming year? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Definitely, we are doing, one is the retail part when we are doing retail. So, typically our IRR, 
we have done lending at around 18% and the DA is happening between 10% and 11%. So, we 
are getting a spread of 6% to 7% on the retail, yes, it is without any kind of recourse, but at the 
same time we are very cautious and that it will only grow if the quality of our book which we 
are down selling is good and on the wholesale typically we are able to get 1.5% to 2% which on 
the down sell and on the DA part and sometimes the spread is more where we are down selling 
our own book and a little bit of fee income is also coming from the co-lending which is not 
captured in our AUM where the fee element is lesser. So, it is a combination of all three. Retail, 
where the spreads are higher, DA on the wholesale where it is typically 1.5% to 2% and typically 
on co-lending where it is between 1% and 1.25% even in our co-lending on the wholesale is 
roughly around Rs. 500 crores. So, that is also one element of that. 
Ananth Jain: 
So, the fee incomes get generated from all these activities? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes. And in spite of that, we wanted to build our SME, we build small relationship with PSU 
banks on the retail side as we see that being our book being PSL and qualifying all our book 
qualified as PSL and the rest part as the MSME book and where lot of PSU banks and larger 
NBFCs are very keen to go on a co-lending model. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Ananth Jain: 
The second question is like Ankit before me had asked this question on the Suvidha loans, if 
you could just give some idea in terms of what is the, I know it would be difficult for you to 
quantify as to what our loan book could be in Suvidha maybe a year from now, because there 
still the system needs to come up and it needs to stabilize, we need to grow our book, but 
purely from an opportunity point of view, if you can give us some idea that would be very 
helpful? 
Rohit Gupta: 
I would say we have had data of around 1,50,000 fabricators across all India, so typically we 
are lending, maybe penetrating 10% to 15%, 15,000 to 20,000 customers on an average, 
1,50,000 to 2,00,000 which remain there for 90 days. So, that can be an immediate opportunity 
which can be, I would say, in cash we can target it in the next 2-3 years, but at the same time 
it is one of the products and we have to see operating costs and the credit cost. And with the 
new version, we are very hopeful that we will be able to control both of that. And so for a 
lender, one part is coming where we have associated with in terms of the debtors and the 
subvention for a limited period. The other part is to optimize the credit cost and the operating 
cost. 
Ananth Jain: 
So, the opportunity size you said is like 15,000 to 20,000, can you just quantify that for me in 
terms of, what like 3 months is the tenure but in terms of, like 3 months is a tenure, but in 
terms of? 
Rohit Gupta: 
We are able to penetrate 10% to 15% in the next two years, three years, roughly AUM of around 
Rs. 150-Rs. 200 crores if our ticket size remains 1 lakh to 1.5 lakh. If we increase our ticket size 
then penetration can also increase. So, there is nobody else. And when you do the same 
segment again and again, you do help for domain knowledge and we as a company think that 
is the key to our differentiator compared to others. Yes, the way we thought we will be able to 
do in last two quarters, the performance is not up to mark, but yes, we thought that instead of 
going with the existing platform and building a little credit cost and all those, we thought it is 
better to halt for a few months with the new system and at the same time, all those learnings 
we must incorporate. One thing, we can increase our IRR also as initially we thought that it 
can't go beyond 20% to 22%, but now we foresee that we can even target at a higher IRR, 
maybe 300 to 400 bps higher and that will also take care of our credit cost to some extent. 
Ananth Jain: 
Last question from my side, we have seen that the ticket size has actually come down every 
quarter, so any reason for that? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Suvidha? 
Ananth Jain: 
Yes, Suvidha. 
Rohit Gupta: 
It was intentional. We as a management decided that we should focus first on number learning 
the various geographies, behavior of those customers and build their history into that, and it 

 
Page 9 of 17 
was basically to keep on the same for the last 2 quarters. It is a pilot and the pilot with a huge 
bigger size I don't think makes any sense for us. It was that onboarding the customers they are 
able to know what CSL is and understanding their credit behavior, understanding their 
geographies and building the team and implementing the system, so for that we are not in the 
initial year even in the next year. The first year will never be a year where we can make any 
substantial income out of that where because your operating cost will be higher 3 months to 6 
months then you optimize that cost and the thrust will be on to acquire customers and because 
it is a very repetitive business and once we have acquired the next effort going forward comes 
down. 
Ananth Jain: 
So, you have mentioned before as well, so once the new system comes up with July is when 
you said do you think that we would be onboard other clients as well like others or have other 
partnerships? When do we see that? APL Apollo, we are already working with 
Rohit Gupta: 
As of now, whenever we have gone, there is a lot of demand that is why you are limiting with 
one company and because sometimes APL their quality and their costs are higher as compared 
to B grade customers and sometimes in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities they want products from those 
companies also. So, going forward we will be funding those customers also who are going 
beyond APL, but we will be charging interest from day one where the subvention may not be 
coming from those companies and when we do that and exhibit to other companies then we 
may see that subventions coming from those companies. First, we will focus largely on APL and 
optimizing the product and seeing that operation on the new platform. 
Ananth Jain: 
So, maybe once it stabilizes 6 months after that? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Lastly I would also say in the last 2 months-3 months there has been a lot of I would say from 
the regulators and the banks regarding unsecured, so even on lenders sometimes used to ask 
especially what kind of unsecured book you are having. So, right now, so very frankly, an 
unsecured book is not being seen very positively by any of the lenders or rating agencies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Pankaj Parab from Molecule Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Parab: 
Sir, my question is on the technology front, so we have been investing in technology since the 
last 2 year-3 years, so I just wanted to know what development is here till now? And how it will 
help us in going to scale and getting scale in the future? 
Rachita Gupta: 
So, to answer that question, in the last couple of years, we have been constantly working from 
a very basic data into system to a pretty much an involved system like we are doing for an SME 
loan. We are completely 100% digital. There is no paperwork happening even from loan 
origination and the underwriting and we have built a very robust underwriting platform as well 
on today's date. Like everything is happening digitally and with the number of API integration 

 
Page 10 of 17 
in terms of fraudulent checks at the login and the kind of bureau analysis, bank statement, 
analysis, ITR, GST, pulling out of all Udyam Aadhaar, we are doing it all automated at a click of 
a button. So, from there and the disbursement phase and our collection platform we are 
receiving about 93% all digital via NACH, UPI, RTGS and only a mere 6% to 7% is something 
which comes in collection comes through cash. And we are also live on all the public platforms 
like Paytm, Phone Pe all these UPI apps. So, in terms of digital transformation, we are 
constantly growing day by day. Our system is also now getting closer to machine learning as 
well as it is now picking up concepts of showing automatic deviations to the users whenever 
they are just putting up data and we are constantly working day in day out. Our analytics 
systems, our dashboards are all in place and we have a dedicated team who is working on 
creating those exhaustive dashboards with graphs and everything so that we can have better 
access to the technology. And like I said, we have been already evolving now we are going to 
be revamping our entire LOS, our loan origination platform into a much better and a much 
smoother one which will definitely help us reduce our TAT and have a more streamlined and a 
smoother flow even than today. 
Pankaj Parab: 
And are we developing any in-house customer rating system for the credit disbursement or 
credit check, sort of that? 
Rohit Gupta: 
The system where we do a lot of analysis in terms of whether to capturing the various credit 
bureau checks may be coming from 36.30  auto-analyzing, capturing various data, our system 
is doing the machine learning and those we are able to relate it with being a secure product, 
target audience where still your banking and their cash flow analysis or GST or ITR doesn't fully 
reflect the true state of affairs of the customer. So, how to do that based on certain qualitative 
and quantitative sectors we have built in and based on that we are able to analyze it, but it is 
not an unsecured products where certain rules to put in and where lot of data is coming and 
based on that you are able to do up to a certain amount of Rs. 50,000, Rs. 1 lakh, Rs. 2 lakhs. 
Yes, you can put best of those things into a system which is already there, but it will give you a 
complete outcome and based on those outcomes you are doing the lending that will never 
happen and never happens because unless until your borrower is doing everything is on their 
number which is not there because their GST ITR and Banking doesn't reflect their even 70% to 
80% of the business. So, you have to evolve as per the segment and so the assessment has to 
be done, ED has to be done with the customer. Being a secure business, technical and legal 
evaluation of the property and the Title has to be done. And so that is a combination of debt 
and along with the ED and the physical checks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Hi Sir this is my first time on the call so just a basic question, how does it work if we are funding 
the fabricator? Do we lend against the purchase order issued by the fabricators end customer 

 
Page 11 of 17 
or will it be against APL Apollo distributor’s sales invoice? I just want to understand if we will 
have access to the actual tonnage or the volume being purchased from APL Apollo? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Typically when we give, we give a proforma invoice from a retailer and after the onboarding 
we disburse directly to the retailer and after disbursement the final invoice is being captured. 
So, we are not funding directly to the customer. 25% is coming from the customer and 75% we 
are funding. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And why fabricators and not the dealer? 
Rohit Gupta: 
The ticket size will be from Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 25 crores, maybe even more and largely it is a 
quasi-secured kind of a product based on receivables and all those. Thirdly, it is a competitive 
segment between 11 to 13 already is being targeted by the larger banks. Even the group 
company of ACL existing service is already doing that and we want to be in those areas where 
we are not competing with the larger NBFCs and the bank and build our knowledge and we 
have seen a segment where the competition from the larger in terms of IRR is not there and 
the ticket size is smaller that is why we have chosen to fund fabricators and whereas still lies 
40:25___ in terms of SME, we are also targeting a little I would say, one step to the customers 
in SME are also similar may be little one step better than this. So, those dealers are not a cup 
of a teen either in terms of IRR nor in terms of size and being a quasi secured product. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And so even for future partnerships, we will be focusing only on retailers then? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes, if you understand otherwise here it is a very higher conscious market. Amit will also add 
from his experience here. 
Amit Ranjan: 
Basically, what we have made here is a product which is only suited for fabricator and first we 
get a lot of client on board we see what kind of payment method is there, they are paying on 
time plus the churning is fast and getting a better IRR, so in spite of getting into more clientele 
like funding the retailers or the dealers better to focus on a one segment, explore it to the best 
and own the rewards once your master of that product. The second line can be the retailer to 
whom the distributors are supplying. That can be a funding between 15% to 18% and the ticket 
size can go up from Rs. 25 lakhs to Rs. 1 crores. That can be a second segment but we still don't 
want to do it because at this size of company it doesn't allow us to take that kind of risk by 
doing unsecured loans with the higher ticket size. So, we will like to remain ourselves in this 
segment for next I would say one year then we will look at retailers. But this instrument is 
helping us build relationships with the retailers and distributors and that we can definitely 
leverage in the coming years. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And second the Suvidha platform that we are building, is it going to be fungible in a sense, can 
we plug and play with say a B2B e-commerce platform like Grasim has launched Birla Pivot and 
they are looking for lenders, L&T has SuFin, are we looking at partnering with such platforms? 

 
Page 12 of 17 
Rohit Gupta: 
Primarily they have that platform, they have the dealers and retailers which have a better I 
would say audience in terms of customers. These are little kind of subprime kind of customers. 
They are organized players which have organized shops and dealers. So, we are going a 
category below what the category which we have just proposed and which I have been saying 
earlier. They are funding dealers and retailers and we are going with the end borrower who is 
putting value addition while using that product and converting it. If I just take your example, it 
is like funding to those painters who may buy from retail shops and do that fabric painting on 
a per square feet basis to the customers. But they are not going to that segment; they are only 
going to the retailers and distributors. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And finally which IT company is helping us build the Suvidha platform, the LOS system? 
Management: 
I think the company which we gave our first mandate to Synoriq so we are just a kind of in-
house company for us because all our LOS, LMS which we were the first vendor and a lot of 
knowledge has come from our side to them and we have a good synergy. We are able to 
leverage each other far better and so it is working with the bigger company. If we give one that 
tweaks our product on a daily basis based on the learning, then to and fro from the larger 
companies become very, I would say very slow and cumbersome and from here we have a very 
good advantage. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Sorry, sir, what was the name? 
Rachita Gupta: 
It is Synoriq. Synoriq is a company based in Jaipur and Mumbai. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
The reason I asked was, is the delay because of their capabilities that is causing the delay 
because there is a company called (Inaudible) 45:12 whose PSU’s are preferring. 
Rohit Gupta: 
 but it is play on both sides because they were also busy because we have been working with 
them on LOS which Rachita already told earlier. Most of the team was working on the beta2 
version of the LOS where lot of input has come from us. We have been integrating the 
accounting also thirdly they were focusing on making an LMS for our wholesale settlement also 
which had lot of complications. So, they were preoccupied at the same time. There were lot of 
tweaking every day based on the learning, so I would say at both the ends they were also slow 
and from us also lot of changes were being told to them and I would say so frequently, 
Rachita Gupta: 
And in my past experience of making so many technologies and we have worked with for a lot 
of technology vendors and we have kind of realized bigger the company is initially they will 
really sound that those projects can be completed well within time, but in our personal 
experiences, we have seen that the larger companies have taken way beyond their time and 
with this company like sir had mentioned we have had a good synergy and the turnaround time 
for developing those platforms even with the way we are giving a changes on a morning-
evening basis, it has been very prompt and we have worked with to name a few vendors we 

 
Page 13 of 17 
worked with Jaguar, 46:52 Nucleus and so many other companies we have worked with. None 
of them have been that responsive, so we can call it a mixture of a combination of both the 
parties, which has led to a little delay in the productions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Ladha from Bastion Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, a couple of questions. So, sir the Suvidha loan platform which we are developing, what is 
the cost associated in the platform we are taking up and also this TAT which we have said is 
less than 6 hours has been done in the Q2 FY22 or it will take time? 
Rohit Gupta: 
So, that is why there were limitations with the existing system and the existing was more a kind 
of a term loan kind of a system, but it is more Quasi, personal loan and unsecured. So, in terms 
of cost as you know we have been their first customers a lot of knowledge about the product 
we are giving to them, so the cost advantage is also usually with us and as compared to the 
larger one they are very cost effective when we may be giving them 30% to 40%, which the 
larger one will charge and the turnaround time is far better and we don’t negotiate on giving 
the scope and then negotiating the commercial. So, that is also a big help for us. So, that kind 
of synergy and the relationship we have with them. So, yes, as compared to the larger one, 
they are more flexible and even cost competitive. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Can we quantify that amount? 
Rohit Gupta: 
It will be roughly between Rs. 30 lakhs to Rs. 50 lakhs and then their A&C and enhancement  
costs keep on happening at every time. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
My second question would be on, since we are witnessing a strong demand in the housing 
segment, so are we looking at the wholesale segment AUM to increase? Or we will restrict 
ourselves as we previously also said that we will restrict and commit not increase the AUM in 
the wholesale segment is the Intention is stay intact or are we increasing the AUM? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Chandan will explain more. I will just say one thing, strategically we have decided that the focus 
is more on the retail, but at the same time our housing segment is being extremely good which 
we have seen in this segment also collections, repayment was equal to more than our book. 
Collections were roughly around Rs. 752 crores, whereas closing book is around Rs. 500 crores 
something. So, it is very well explained in those numbers that a lot of pre-closure, prepayment 
has happened and a lot of boarding and the disbursement figures were higher. So, the focus 
will be to do more business by doing down-selling and being on the co-lending about housing 
and how it is doing Chandan can add on that side. 
Chandan Kumar: 
I Chandan this side. As you have mentioned that the demand in the housing sector is robust. 
Definitely we are very much positive on the sector side and on the real estate side also. But as 

 
Page 14 of 17 
Rohit has already mentioned that we are targeting an AUM mix of 55% to 45% definitely on the 
growing book side or AUM side, one is growth and definitely the on book AUM of real estate 
book that is the wholesale part will also grow and sync with that part itself. As mentioned 
earlier, we are focusing on down-selling part and increasing our fee based income also, so the 
main focus is totally towards on that part on growing real estate through co-lending or DA kind 
of arrangement where we will be restricting our on book AUM towards 45 or 55 kind of mix on 
total AUM part and then we will be boarding on the kind of DA or co-lending kind of a revenue. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
My next question would be, since the rating has been upgraded and you have also mentioned 
that the weighted average would be the cost of borrowing we will be benefiting by 50 to 70 
basis points, so can we assume that NIM can increase in the year itself like 100 basis point or it 
can be below that if we can answer it? 
Rohit Gupta: 
I would say about 25% to 30% of the benefit we will get because it will run only on the 
incremental one and so the wasting one, renegotiating will be difficult which is only when they 
get repaid on their incremental borrowing so in terms of NIMs, I would say whatever what can 
be the benefit cost of borrowing can go down by 56 to 75 base, so it is only the incremental 
cost I would say in terms of NIMS 0.25% to 0.3% can be the net addition in the first year and in 
the second year, third year that will be we can see little higher figure, but in the first year that 
will be the maximum that can help. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
In the cost side, since we are increasing on the platform and the employer cost and also on the 
branches front, so how much the cost can we expect to increase in the year or 2 years down 
the line? And now what is the impact on that side will be taking place? 
Rohit Gupta: 
For the larger portion of the IT spend has already happened. So, going forward, the spend on 
that side will not be huge and apart from the MC cost and other and in terms of employee cost, 
as I told earlier in the presentation, also that our middle level and the senior level employees 
are there and they can do even 2 times to 2.5 times business of SEMI with the same team which 
is only that junior retail team at the branches will be added, so largely in the SME and retail 
segment you build cost upfront because of the senior team and the middle level team and it 
gets optimized over years, I would say and we have already done in that last 3-4 years and 
going forward our incremental cost will be on the team at the branch level. So, it will not have 
a huge impact apart from the impact on the bases and the size. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
So, on the branch cost side, if you can I mean that is also not will be significant? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Branch cost is roughly in terms of including all costs. If you are having five people, 1 DM, CM at  
which is 3.5 lakhs to around Rs. 3.5 lakhs including rentals and everything per month. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 15 of 17 
Sanjay Kumar: 
One question on SME retail, I see that some of the products have a tenure of even 7 years to 8 
years from whatever I have seen MSME at such tenures is always a risk, the max that even 
banks go up to is say 3 years -4 years. How comfortable are you with this long tenure SME 
loans? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Firstly I would say in industry less than 3 years -4 years, it is a largely unsecured products and 
none of NBFC, any housing companies maybe even in the form of 55:50 LAF, which is largely a 
LAF, but in the form of housing they are giving from 10 year to 15 years and going any product 
to segment base where we are catering because it is for them both they want the minimum 
amount which can help in their businesses and at the same time the EMI cannot go beyond 
their limit, they can't service. And thirdly, there is also I would say lot of competition from the 
market and everybody is offering a product where we are in and none of the company they are 
giving larger tenure, we are restricting ourselves to 7 years and most of the companies are 
giving between 10 years to 12 years and that is where most of the competition is hurting us 
and few of the customers and our sales team has been pressing us for last two 2 years to 2.5 
years to increase our tenure and we have been registering our team that we can't increase it 
and with this our competition, maybe a smaller or a bigger company, the tenure is more in the 
range of 7 years to 12 years. Still we have tried to restrict ourselves and average tenure is 
around 6.5 years to 7 years. And thirdly, foreclosures of 15% and more or less if the count is 
fine, either the counts get taken over by other, unless & until we don't give him additional 
amount or some types of amount of lower IRR. So, typically we say an average life of a customer 
in MSME tenure is around 4 years. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And if you could name your competitors in this particular product SME retail? 
Rohit Gupta: 
When I say smaller ticket size from Rs. 5 lakhs to Rs. 15 lakhs Finova is there, AVIOM Housing 
is there, Star Housing is there even, (Inaudible) 57:46 then Cholamandalam, 5 star, AU Small 
Finance Bank is there and Shriram Transport is also coming up in certain areas, Capri Global is 
there SK Finance, so these are all the segments which I run through all starting from Aadhar, 
Aavas, Adani, Agriwise, Express, Bajaj, Canara, Capri, DCB, State Bank, and Shiram, Piramal also, 
different areas different product as we have a product from Rs. 5 lakhs to Rs. 30 lakhs, Rs. 40 
lakhs, other than Finova, AVIOM, SK, (Inaudible) 58:27 less than Rs. 10 lakhs Namdevis also 
there in Rajasthan. Certain geography, certain place, so every geography we will find 3 to 4 
people who are our main competitors. So, but there is a lot of market size still under penetrated 
and still this is a segment where I would say any NBFC can build a domain if they work around 
under the same segment with few products, so every NBFC has a tenure more than 7 years. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
All the sourcing is inhouse, I believe or do you use any DSAs? 
Rohit Gupta: 
So, we don't have DSA model in our company, but we don't say that sometimes comes to an 
intermediary is what they call connectors and through their relationships, we only encourage 

 
Page 16 of 17 
direct model, but 25% to 30% business can come through the various relationships maybe 
called as connectors or small DSA. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Primarily it is DSA? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Any particular reason for not engaging these loan aggregators or platforms like say someone? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Two three things, we are not an unsecured loan. We are a loan aggregator based on data and 
the customer can come through various forms. Secondly, the DSA would like to target the 
bigger ticket size Rs. 45 lakhs, Rs. 50 lakhs plus since they don't target too much larger, bigger 
DSA don't target less than Rs. 20 lakhs kind of a segment and where the small DSAs or individual 
small connectors or relationship guys working in particular small geographies and aligning them 
with few NBFCs that are working in that area in that product, so that is the way that is 
happening and our focus is to tell our team to go directly in various marketing I think Amit can 
explain little more. 
Amit Ranjan: 
So, the idea of not engaging DSAs or loan aggregators is very simple and these kinds of clients 
should be directly targeted by the team. So, that no intermediaries are there and no fraudulent 
activity is happening. The customers are basically unbanked and unorganized. So, it is better to 
target them directly instead of getting through intermediaries because that opens the door for 
various means of services from DSA in terms of services which are a lot of things from clients. 
So, we don't want to get into that and these clients are basically first or second time 
entrepreneurs and they want money for their working capital. So, the need is not much and 
DSA will never come into this segment because they will not get any kind of commission from 
any of the NBFCs on a larger note. So, that's the reason it is always better to approach these 
clients directly rather than getting into the loan aggregate mode or from a DSA. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Finally on collections even that is in house but today in wholesale we have 70 accounts roughly 
SME 2,008 accounts, but in Suvidha we already have 1,500, so given the ticket size is lower the 
number of people you will be dealing with will be larger, how are you going to? 
Amit Ranjan: 
Suvidha we are roughly around 850 clients on board active, not 8,000. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
No, I said 1,500 anyway, so how are you going to build your collection capabilities given there 
will be a few jump in? 
Amit Ranjan 
For SME and Suvidha, it is a beautiful combination for RO and RM to earn incentive on both 
fronts. So, in Suvidha, the RO and RM  sourcing the business. They have been given a target of 
collecting as well and till now it has been working very fine because they are getting incentive 
for doing businesses also and they are trying to meet the client on a daily basis, if there is any 

 
Page 17 of 17 
collection is there because it is a shorter term loan, 90 days loan and within 60 days we are 
trying to collect the amount, so that the client also gets the benefit of submission. So, there is 
no need of collection or external agency right now. Coming into SME, we have around 2,800 
client, but the collections spool which come to us we are able to cater because up to 6 months 
the sales team also who is going hand in hand with the collection team for collecting the EMI 
and primarily like Rachita also said, most of the collection is also coming from UPI and NACH 
only 9% which are coming from collections. So, till the time these trends are there, we are not 
getting any help from external agencies for collections as of now. 
Rohit Gupta: 
And secondly, I would say it's our experience when we did FinTech lending and where we did 
10,000 loans and they used to outsource their collection from outside agencies, they are not 
absolutely working, they only appoint people who telecalling and they don't have feet on the 
street. So, neither they know the customer, nor the customer knows them, so typically we have 
a wealth collection officer in every branch, roughly around 30 collection officers, one regional 
head and one national head. So, that is the typical size and apart from that the local sales team 
who have done that account is responsible for 6 months to 9 months and after that when it 
comes to collection our typical acceptance ratio is around 75% to 77%, 23% bouncing which 
typically is the nature of our industry segment because of seasonality and so many issues and 
because we only give one day to put all that in a one single date and sometimes which is early 
in the month is disposed and there were lot of demand to put. Now, we will be having 2 days 
going forward with the new LOS coming and LMS. So, out of 27% most of them is coming 
through various I would say most payment gateways and only 7% is coming from cash 
collection, so to give a very NACH is 64%, 17% is UPI, checks, wallets or RTGS and all those are 
around 3%-4%. And I would say outside collection agencies for our segments can never work. 
Any company telling you I will never buy that argument. They are not at all helpful. It is helpful 
on the unsecured loans and when you write off, it gives you a substantial discount or an 
arrangement of that kind. But in a segment of a secured product every company has to have 
their own collection team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohit 
Gupta for closing comments. 
Rohit Gupta: 
Thank you everyone. I think we have a decent Financial Year ‘24 and we are forcing that as now 
we have already done with all those, I would say, consolidation in the SME, the focus in growing 
ourselves and we have kept little bigger targets for ourselves for next coming 2 years and we 
hope we will be able to achieve that. So, thank you all of you and Thank you Sayem and your 
team. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of CSL Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
