02nd May, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code : 532755 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Plot No. - C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol : TECHM 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 
31st March, 2024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024 conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors 
held on 25th April, 2024 for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.techmahindra.com/en-in/investors/disclosure-events/  
Thanking you,  
For Tech Mahindra Limited 
Anil Khatri  
Company Secretary 
Encl.: as above 
Anil 
Mohanlal 
Khatri
Digitally signed 
by Anil Mohanlal 
Khatri 
Date: 2024.05.02 
19:40:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Tech Mahindra Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MOHIT JOSHI – MD & CEO, TECH MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT ANAND – CFO, TECH MAHINDRA LIMITED 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 39 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tech Mahindra’s Earning 
Conference Call for the quarter ended March 31st, 2024. 
 
 
Please note, all participants line will be in ‘listen-only’ mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the management presentation. Should 
you need any assistance during the conference call, please raise your hand from 
the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen. While asking questions, request you to please 
identify yourself and your company. Please note, this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to TechM management. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, Vandit, and good evening, everyone. It's a pleasure connecting with 
you again. In addition to the updates from the recent quarter in the financial year, 
Rohit and I will share our 3-year strategy with you today. We will also touch upon 
the actions that we have already taken to achieve our goals. But before we deep 
dive into our roadmap to FY27, let me brief you on Q4 and our FY24 performance. 
 
 
Q4 and our FY24 performance: 
 
 
We report a revenue of $1,548 million in the recent quarter, which is mostly in line 
with our expectations as the one-off revenue in Q3 was not expected to recur. This 
is a decline of 6.4% YoY on a constant currency basis. We close the year with a 
revenue of $6,277 million, which is a decline of 4.7% on a constant currency basis 
as compared to revenue in FY23. This decline is mainly driven by the headwinds 
in the communications vertical, while the non-communications vertical 
remained stable year over year. We report an Operating Margin of 7.4% and free 
cash generation of $129 million in Q4 FY24. For the full year FY24, we have 
generated a free cash of $676 million. 
 In terms of deal wins, we signed large deals with TCV of $500 million in Q4 taking 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 39 
 
the total deal win TCV in FY24 to around $1.9 billion. This also includes the two 
large deals that we signed in Q4 each over $100 million in TCV. 
 
 
A couple of notable deals include our deal with a large Telco and our long-term 
partner to transform their business processes across multiple service lines that 
include customer operations and experience, complex enterprise operations, 
back office, and support operations through deployment of intelligent 
automation and new age customer experience technologies. 
Another deal is with a European fintech major which selected TechM to enhance 
their customer experience and provide global support from multilingual hubs 
while ensuring compliance with local regulations in each of its customer markets 
across Europe, America and Australia and New Zealand. 
 
In terms of awards, our strength lies in the 145,000 plus strong workforce and a 
testimony to that is the fact that we have once again been recognized as the best 
organization for women by ET NOW. We have also been recognized as the ESG 
Champion of India 2024 Software and IT services by Dun & Bradstreet. We are 
the only Indian IT company in the top 5% of the global sustainable companies 
and a member of the S&P Global yearbook 2024 for the ninth consecutive year. 
 
 In terms of dividends on a full year basis in FY24 and in line with our capital 
allocation policy, the Board has recommended a final dividend of ₹28 per share. 
This will bring the total dividend for FY24 to ₹40 per share. 
 
 In terms of FY25 outlook, as we step into the year, we believe that it will be better 
than the previous one. In a world of heightened geopolitical turmoil coupled with 
fast evolving AI capabilities, organizations will have to address and adapt their 
businesses like never before. They are then turning to technology partners like 
TechM who can help them transform with speed and bring agility, resilience, and 
efficiency to their businesses. 
 
 I will now hand it over to Rohit to take you through the financial performance in 
more detail. 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 39 
 
 
Rohit Anand: 
Thank you, Mohit. Good evening, everyone. Let me now cover the company 
financials in a little bit more detail for the quarter and the year ended March, 
2024. 
 
 
As Mohit mentioned, we ended the fourth quarter with the revenue of $1,548 
million versus $1,573 the last quarter. On a reported basis, this is down 1.6% 
QOQ, which we had mentioned, based on one-time revenue in the last quarter. 
But when we adjust for currency, the decline is only 0.8% sequentially, which is 
better than our expectation. 
 
 
Revenue in terms of INR terms is ₹12,871 crores versus ₹13,101 crores in Q3. 
The decline in revenue is mainly attributable, as I mentioned, to the non-
recurring revenue from the previous quarter. 
 
 
 
In Q4, Communication vertical declined by 2.8% adjusted for Forex by 1.7%, 
Manufacturing decline by 0.9% and BFSI grew by 3.5% QOQ. The last deal TCV, 
as Mohit mentioned, is $500 million up from $381 million last quarter and the 
deal wins has been quite broad based across different verticals. 
 
 
From an EBIT perspective, we report an EBIT of $114 million for the quarter, 
which was up from $84 million last quarter. In rupee terms, ₹946 crores up from 
₹703 crores in Q3. The resulting margin for the quarter is 7.4%. It is an expansion 
of 200 basis point QOQ, and we had mentioned that we had some one- off items 
last time and hence our normalized EBIT was 7%. This is ahead of that and basis 
the normalization rate of 7% we had shared. 
 
 
Following the periodic portfolio valuation exercise that I had shared last time, 
we'll go through the impairment assessment for all our portfolio companies. We 
had a charge of 37 million in Q4 which was offset by a corresponding reversal of 
deferred payout provisions reflecting a high miscellaneous income that you see. 
So, the net impact of impairment and this reversal is negligible on the P&L. 
 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 39 
 
 
The effective tax rate for the quarter is 30.7%, which had some one-off items in 
one of our subsidiary companies which resulted in the PAT number of $79 
million, ₹661 crores in rupee terms and a PAT margin of 5.1%; expansion of 120 
basis point versus Q3.  
 
 
 
Free cashflow was $129 million for the quarter and DSO days came down to 92 
days. Total hedge book as of March 31st stood at $2.4 billion versus $2.3 billion 
last quarter. And based on our hedge accounting, net mark-to-market gain for 
the quarter was $23 million out of which $7 million was taken to the P&L and $16 
million was taken to the reserves. 
 
 
From a cash perspective, we ended the year with a healthy cash balance of $949 
million, in rupee terms ₹7,912 crores. 
 
 
Full year performance: 
 
 
Moving to the full year’s performance, revenue stood at $6,277 million at a 
constant currency decline of 4.7%. In rupee terms, revenue was ₹520 billion; a 
decline of 2.4%. When you look at the overall yearly performance, the decline, 
as Mohit mentioned, mainly came from the Communication business driven by 
the volatility in that segment and other verticals remained flat. Manufacturing 
and Technology were the two verticals which grew for us. Manufacturing by 7.3% 
and Hi-tech by 1%. 
 
 
In terms of full year cashflow, our cashflow for the full year came in at $676 
million. And as Mohit mentioned, basis that the Board has approved a dividend 
of ₹28 per share taking the total dividend for the year at ₹40. 
 
 
The TCV wins for the year stood at $1.9 billion and some of some of this was also 
as a result of our selective deal participation, which we’d mentioned earlier. 
 
 
In terms of year-ending EBITDA, we ended up at $599 million with a margin of 
9.6%. And the EBIT for the year was $380 million at an EBIT rate of 6.1%. The 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 39 
 
decline year-on-year, as I mentioned before, is broadly driven by a reduction in 
revenues, one-time client actions and some of the actions of de-risking the 
portfolio for the long term. 
 
 
I now hand it back to Mohit to take you through the strategy presentation. 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, Rohit. So, friends, you know, we've just entered the new financial year 
and just over the past couple of days our entire global leadership team met here 
in Bangalore, and we've been talking about our vision for FY27 and our strategy 
to get there. We wanted to share our path forward with you. 
 
 
Vision – Scale At Speed: 
 
 
 
You know, from my perspective, I've been associated with the industry now for 
over two decades but over the past year or so as we speak to our clients, as we 
speak to investors, as we speak to analysts it is very clear that we are now living 
in a new era of scale at speed and this is the vision that we wanted to share with 
you. So, what does scale at speed really mean? I think what it very clearly means 
is  the way large enterprises look at their technology estate, the way that they 
look at their operations - this has fundamentally changed and this change really 
historically you were given a choice of scale or speed. So, if you think about it as 
a large organization, you were either thinking of scale which is really like 
assembling a large land army or you were thinking in terms of speed, right, which 
is ‘How do I get a Ninja team?’, ‘How do I get a small special forces type 
operation?’. And, really, that  duality of scale or speed has now morphed into the 
need for scale at speed. And this is something that we’re really seeing across 
industries. It's been driven by AI. But before AI, it was driven by the 
consumerization of technology, it's been driven by demographics, it's been 
driven by geopolitics, and we are seeing this scale at speed imperative really 
across industries. 
 
 
Telecom historically has been the industry that's been at the heart of TechM and 
as I look at the Telecom business, it's a large and complex global business. So, 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 39 
 
the need for scale is really quite self-evident. You've got complex global 
networks, you've got complex client segments, right. So, for instance, in the B2B 
business you've got everything from large global multinationals to national 
players to small enterprises, to very small enterprises. You've got the complexity 
that comes from multiple channels and the legislative complexity that comes 
from jurisdictions like the EU or the rules of specific markets like Canada or the 
U.S. At the same time in the Telecom business, you've also got a need for speed, 
you've got margin compression, you've got a change in technologies, and you've 
got a change in consumer behavior. For instance, the move towards prepaid. So, 
you are seeing the twin imperatives of scale at speed. 
 
 
 
In Manufacturing, again, a business that is at the heart of the entire group and at 
the heart of TechM as well. The need for scale in the Auto business, for instance, 
is very evident, right?. You cannot be a scale player unless you've got, you know, 
you're churning out hundreds of thousands of cars. You've got the complexities 
of not just ‘Just in time’ but also ‘Just in case supply chain’ but at the same time 
you also need speed. When customers buy a car or when they buy a consumer 
durable, they almost expect it to transform on a daily basis, right. They're looking 
to consume it as a service and they're looking for improvements every single day. 
And, so, the scale and speed imperatives are equally true for the Manufacturing 
business. 
 
 
If you look at Banking, banks are large and complex global beasts. Historically, 
we've had financial supermarkets because consumers, whether they're 
corporates or individuals, do expect multiple services from the same 
organization and all of these separate and complex products need to come 
together for a single consumer. At the same time, you've got a need for speed. 
Regulators are completely unforgiving of tardy actions by banks or insurers. We 
are seeing fintech enter into the most profitable niches. And so, therefore, large 
banks have been extremely nimble in the way they respond. And so, again, the 
scale at speed imperative within the financial services business. 
 
 
I could keep going on and on but we're seeing the same imperatives in Hi-Tech, 
in Healthcare and in Life Sciences. And so, again, you see this imperative across 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 39 
 
the Board but here's the really interesting piece, right, that the imperative is true 
for our clients, but it really hasn't come through when you look at the provision 
of technology services and of the provision of digital services. The largest 
players, you know, you got players with 800,000 to a million employees. These 
are large and complex bureaucracies, large and complex organizations with 
complex processes and sort of a complex hierarchy. On the other hand, you've 
got boutiques which are nimble but beyond a thin veneer of talent at the top, 
there isn't really a depth to the organization, there is the inability to provide 
services globally and there is the risk. There is the risk that comes from not being 
able to scale up for large programs. If you look at AI for instance, right, a lot of 
our customers, all  our customers are looking for AI to make a difference to their 
business at scale. They're not looking for pilot programs, they're not looking for 
individual initiatives and so while the end user industry has changed, while 
Banking has changed, while Telecom has changed in terms of the tech partners 
you either have scale or you have speed. 
 
 
And this essentially is the TechM promise ‘Scale at speed’. From a scale 
perspective, you know, at $6 billion plus in revenue with 145,000 employees and 
more importantly with a full stack of services, we have the scale to work with the 
largest global corporations, with the rich heritage of the Mahindra Group we 
have an understanding across multiple industries. We have Telecom but we also 
have Auto and Financial Services and Real Estate and Hospitality. So, a deep 
understanding because of the Group and because of our client base across 
multiple industries; a full set of partnerships which gives us scale. 
 
 
 
And the promise of speed, that really comes from three essential elements of 
our DNA. 
 
• 
It comes from the history of the company and the traditional entrepreneurial 
approach the companies have. The very entrepreneurial spirit that TechM 
has always had. 
• 
The second element of our DNA has been the structure that we have created 
and a service line structure that gives us immense flexibility and speed. 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 39 
 
• 
And, finally, the third element that promises speed is our huge focus on 
learning. We have a large global university in Mahindra University. In addition 
to that, we are investing heavily in training. We've just appointed a new Chief 
Learning Officer under our Chief Operating Officer to build out a large 
learning program in addition to what we already have. So, speed comes from 
the heritage of the company, comes from our structure, and comes from our 
deep focus on learning. 
 
 
Client feedback and investor feedback has really validated that this unique 
strength is held to be true on the ground. We have dozens of examples where we 
can share with you where the benefits of scale at speed are clearly evident. But, 
obviously, in the interest of time I'm going to talk about two really interesting 
examples. And the first is from this really iconic brand, really iconic brand of 
Cartier. And for hundreds of years the way engagement rings are bought really 
hasn't changed. You go to the store, you pick out a ring until recently. Cartier 
wanted to take this process online and allow deep personalization through a 
website and an app. They partnered with us first in Japan and we made it happen 
in three months. So, that's speed for you. Then over the next 12 months, we 
scaled it up globally in 12 languages and that's scale for you. That's scale at 
speed. TechM BORN tied with Apple Vision Pro for the Webby Award this year in 
the category of Best Design for Web and Mobile. And that is a brilliant example, 
you know, from us of scale at speed. 
 
 
The second example that we have is from a North America Tier-1 Telco leader. 
We worked very closely with them to complete their pivot to the public Cloud in 
two years with TechM. Before TechM, the client needed to increase Cloud 
migration velocity to meet their Data Center exit timelines, but it was moving 
incredibly slowly. They could only migrate six workloads over eight months. With 
TechM, again, a sea change in the way the program moved ahead. With a Cloud 
Migration Factory Program over $100 million program, 400 plus IT workloads 
migrated to Azure, 200 plus apps were retired in a span of 18 months and this 
enabled them to lower the number of Data Centers from over two dozen to six 
within a three-year period. From six workloads in eight months to over 1.2 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 39 
 
workloads per day. Again, a terrific perfect example from our perspective of 
scale at speed.  
 
 
So, scale at speed is what enterprises need today. And with our experience with 
our expertise, with our entrepreneurial DNA and with a focus on learning we are 
ideally suited to fill this requirement. 
 
 
So, now I wanted to share with you our vision of how this promise or scale at 
speed is becoming a deep rallying cry within TechM. Wanted to share our bold 
vision for what we hope to accomplish in the next three years and really the right 
place to start is to look back, to look back at the last nine months that I've been 
in TechM and the last four months that I've been the CEO, about my 
understanding of the organization and its unique strengths and opportunity 
areas. So, what I've learned about TechM is really the most important thing is the 
deep engineering roots of the organization, the immense talent base among the 
145,000 strong people that we have within the company, being part of a large 
group with experience across industries, marquee set of clients with deep 
relationships, a comprehensive full set of offerings for Global 2000 companies 
and a deep entrepreneurial energy which goes to each and every individual in the 
company. We have historically been a leader from an ESG perspective. So, these 
are the deep strengths that TechM brings to the table. 
 
 
However, there are obviously areas where I think we can, and we will do better. 
The first is in terms of scaling large accounts. We have an incredibly rich 
marquee list of accounts that come from our two decades of history. We need 
to be able to scale these. As we have moved to a service line model, I feel that 
we have the opportunity to win multitower large deals by really integrating our 
capabilities more effectively. We've historically done a number of acquisitions 
and now is the time to drive synergies for ourselves and for our customers from 
these acquisitions. We have the opportunity to drive significant improvements 
to our cost structure. And finally and probably most importantly, we have to drive 
a degree of predictability and profitable growth in the organization. And that is 
an area of focus for us. 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 39 
 
 
 
As we look at our 3-year roadmap, like I've stated previously, we've made a 
beginning in the previous quarter by putting together a structure and by a clear 
definition of strategy. And FY25, right, the current year is the turnaround year for 
us where we will anchor the new or we're making investments in our key 
accounts, in our service lines. We're driving the integration of our portfolio 
companies. I spoke about our focus on our largest  clients and we have a focus 
on cost optimization. FY26 is the year to continue this journey, to complete the 
integration of our portfolio companies and by FY27 we expect to have reached 
the optimized state with an improved structural mix and a pyramid. Throughout 
this period, we will focus on accelerating revenue growth and improving 
margins. 
 
 
And, so, that brings me to the TechM Flywheel and to this wonderful graphic that 
hopefully you can see. So, this is our vision for FY27. A top-line growth that is 
greater than peer average, industry standard margins and most importantly a 
high degree of predictability in our revenue and profitability that has candidly 
been missing in the past. 
 
 
 
How will we drive this vision? Like I said previously, the vision has three 
elements, right. There are three elements to our vision. 
 
• 
The Growth strategy. 
• 
The Organization strategy and 
• 
The Operation strategy 
 
that I'll be sharing about. Rohit will dive deeper into the Operation strategy  during 
his presentation. 
 
 
So, let's start with the Growth strategy. The Growth strategy in terms of focus 
geographies, we see an opportunity to grow faster in the Americas where candidly 
we are underweight compared to our peer group. We will continue our focus on 
Europe where we have a strong position and deep long-term clients and deep 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 39 
 
CXO connects. We will also focus on prioritized countries in in other markets. In 
particular, we have a focus on ANZ, on Japan, on Singapore and in Indonesia. 
 
 
I will also double click on key verticals and service lines in the next few slides. So, 
the first from a vertical perspective is clearly Telco, right. Telco has been a 
position of strength for us. We've got over 30 years of global experience. We have 
deep leadership, we have deep industrial leadership, in this vertical and really an 
understanding of what it takes to build a world-class Telco and to move it from 
being a Telco to being a Techo. We're investing in client services to grow our wallet 
share and to be the partner of choice for our clients. We also have uniquely got a 
combination of services capabilities, network capabilities and software 
capabilities because of portfolio companies like Comviva. Comviva continues to 
expand with its blue marble products and simplified telco and customer 
journeys. We've got a rich DigiTech product suite working across Tier-1 Telcos 
across the world and this combination of services capability, network design and 
management capabilities, and Comviva software capabilities, I feel are unique. 
This has also been recognized, for instance, by our winning the AWS Partner of 
the Year award from a telco perspective this year. 
 
 
Manufacturing and Automotive have been a strength for us. It contributes more 
than 18% of our business. We have a strong presence across auto OEMs, Tier-1 
industrial process manufacturing and aerospace and defense. Obviously, also 
given the heritage of the Mahindra group, there is a deep tie in here with common 
customers, common partners and the co-innovation with M&M is at the next level 
now with an exchange of talent. I'll talk a little bit more about M&M synergies in 
the next few slides. 
 
 
We have deep strengths in Engineering. Engineering Service is a core focus area 
for us. It differentiates us. Our comprehensive Engineering solution across 
product lifecycles, we've got a strong IP play because of some of the acquisitions 
that we've done, and we've got strength because of portfolio companies like CTC, 
like Pininfarina, the iconic Italian design firm. 
 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 39 
 
 
Banking and Financial Services, again, very interesting space where I feel we 
really have an opportunity to capitalize on a late mover advantage. We are over a 
billion dollars in this segment with multiple Tier-1 clients. However, we are 
underweight compared to our peers, right, and this is the largest market for IT 
services despite near term challenges. For us, I see significant opportunities for 
digital services including Cloud and infrastructure, Cloud and payments 
infrastructure. We see an opportunity to scale up in Core Banking, in Wealth 
Management, in Asset Management and in Payments. We've got capabilities in 
portfolio companies like C.T. Co. C.T. Co is possibly the only digital engineering 
company in the world, which is focused, which has deep strengths in financial 
services. We've got capabilities in Guidewire with Tenzing, so which really 
complements our insurance capabilities. And we are seeing traction in this 
industry with client wins and with deep client interests. 
 
 
From a service line perspective, we see tremendous potential in AI. We are 
making investments in this space. This is the year, from our perspective, of 
moving Gen AI to production. We're also infusing AI in all parts of our stack, 
whether it's application development or it's IT operations or it's BPS. 
 
 
If you look at it from an innovation perspective, we are the only company in our 
space to have built two foundational LLMs, one for Hindi and one for Bahasa 
Indonesia. Going forward, and Rohit will cover this, we will report the percentage 
of our clients that we've infused with AI and Gen AI offerings. We're also, 
obviously, looking to drive to use AI as a very powerful tool for internal 
transformation and productivity. This has taken the shape of reskilling over 
50,000 employees on AI but also on software purchases and software buildouts 
that we're doing for ourselves. 
 
 
I spoke about the focus from a growth perspective on key accounts. We have 
launched a Turbocharge Program to accelerate growth from our top 80 accounts. 
We've also got a very clear sense now of our must have accounts, what are the 
clients that we need to acquire rather than haphazardly building out our portfolio. 
This program will fuel further growth by strengthening the client partner role. 
We've got a delivery partner role. We're innovating and building for our large 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 39 
 
clients. We have a huge focus on cross sell opportunities. 
 
 
We've also taken a close look at our incentive structures, right. So, sales 
incentives are now designed to drive outcome in each of the above categories 
mentioned over here. We've spoken about the focus that our new structure has 
on addressing the complexities that we faced earlier. Our earlier structure did to 
some degree constrain our ability to win multitower deals because we were 
operating in geography focused silos. Our new structure allows us to bring 
together multiple service lines to even complex engagements. And to really 
turbocharge this, we have formed a new group called Strategic Solutions and 
Transformation Unit. This is focused on multitower large deals. 
 
 
In addition to our internal transformation, we've also strengthened our Advisor 
Relationships Program with a new global head and an expanded coverage for top 
tier and for boutique firms. I'm personally involved in this, and this is , I feel 
already had an impact in higher early-stage conversations in the last quarter of 
the previous year. We have also built out a specific private equity team and the 
deep relationships with three or four large private equity groups to identify scale 
transformation programs within their portfolio. I feel that private equity, if you 
look at the strategy consulting firms or if you look at some of our peers, this is a 
very significant portion of their revenue. And we feel that with the changes that we 
are driving with the investments we are making, this will drive incremental growth 
for us.  
 
 
We will now switch to our operations strategy, which will lead to margin 
improvement. I'm going to cover this only from a thumbnail perspective. Rohit will 
be doubling down. We will be double clicking on the details during his session.  
 
 
So, in previous discussions, I had spoken about our five-pronged approach for 
margin expansion. This includes your standard operational parameters like our 
pyramid, like our offshore mix. It includes the productivity gains that we hope to 
drive for ourselves and for our customers. The focus we have on moving to higher 
margin services, a focus on delivery excellence to stop the bleed from problem 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 39 
 
programs and finally, driving synergy with portfolio companies, both in terms of 
margins and in terms of growth opportunities. We have further detailed them. 
Rohit will also be talking about Project Fortius. We anticipate that project Fortius 
will give us average annual benefits of $250 million annually. Now in the growth 
strategy, I had spoken about high growth services like AI and engineering services. 
I just want to drill down on one of our higher margin services, which is digital 
enterprise applications. Digital enterprise applications is our package 
implementation business, which is a leader in established verticals in SAP, in 
SFDC, in Oracle, in Pega and several other platforms as well, including IFS. We 
have 360 degree partnerships with key ISVs, a very strong alliance driven pipeline 
and a number of recent wins. We have the ability to drive large scale global 
transformation for our clients. We have pre-packaged industry solutions and we 
will look to work further on integrating the platform ecosystem, the shop floor, to 
the top floor enabled with GenAI. So, this is an example of our key service line, 
digital enterprise applications, that we're looking to drive.  
 
 
In addition to the revenue strategy and the margin strategy, I feel that possibly the 
most important focus area from our perspective, from a leadership perspective, is 
the organization strategy and the organization strategy has a couple of 
components to it. One of the most important is the cultural transformation that we 
are driving at TechM. Our rich culture is what makes us unique. It has helped us to 
build deep relationships with our clients, but also deep relationships internally. 
We will retain the best elements of the existing culture, like entrepreneurship, like 
warmth, and build further on them. We have been working with a leading 
leadership and organizational development firm on culture building initiatives. 
They have completed a series of in-depth interviews with our leadership teams, 
they have spoken with our clients, they have done focus group discussions with 
employee groups to understand the key tenets of our culture and how we improve 
it. As a result of this exercise, we have focused on four pillars of a high- 
performance culture. These are simplify, clarify, innovate and drive a greater 
performance orientation. We are working very closely on this initiative. This is at 
the heart of the new TechM. We have identified several low complexities, high 
impact initiatives to attain quick results. And as a team, we want to win with ideas, 
we want to win with execution, we want to win as a team. And I believe that this 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 39 
 
cultural transformation will help us deliver and all the promises that we're making 
today.  
 
 
 
From a talent management perspective, we benefit from a very strong employer 
brand in India. Thanks also partly to the immense name recognition and respect 
the group has, we have the ability to attract the best and brightest in this market. 
We're expanding on this strength and replicating it across markets. We have 
recently launched an internal collaboration platform as a backbone to bring 
together our employees across the world and to improve our internal 
communication practices. One of the things that I was told when I joined was 
about the need to empower leaders so they can make instant decisions to inspire 
their teams. And we are working on providing this freedom within a framework. 
We're also working on taking steps to improve diversity and inclusion. One of the 
most important things that you see on this slide is a huge focus on learning and 
development. I had spoken about it previously about Mahindra University and 
about the new organization that our chief learning officer is building. He spoke to 
our Board about this today and this really is a key priority for us.  
 
 
We also see a tremendous opportunity to be more synergistic with the group and 
we have identified three ways in which this synergy will work. The first is very clearly 
that the Mahindra group itself is driving a very deep tech transformation of their 
various businesses because tech is a common consistent golden thread running 
across the entire enterprise. So, we will be a partner for the transformation of the 
Mahindra group. So, this essentially is TechM being an SI, being a service provider 
to the Mahindra group. One level above this is TechM’s ability to leverage group 
relationships to expand into the network. So, it's Anand Mahindra, it is Anish, all of 
us working together to utilize the extremely deep and rich relationships that the 
group has built over the past 75 years, the huge amount of respect the group has 
globally, and to leverage these group relationships to drive business for TechM. 
But really, one of the most interesting areas from my perspective is the ability to 
use the group's multi-industry presence to work with partners, with hyperscalers, 
with technology partners, with chip manufacturing companies to create a co-
innovation ecosystem, right? So how do we reimagine the future of auto working 
with tech companies, working with chip companies? How do we reimagine the 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 39 
 
future of hospitality working with Mahindra Holidays and working with other 
partners? This is the Holy Grail and I believe that we have a clear plan to drive 
synergy with the group.  
 
 
Moving from the group synergy to the focus that we have on marketing, we really 
have built a world class marketing team led by our enterprising, dashing chief 
marketing officer Peeyush. We have centralized our marketing function into a 
single global team. This has been fostering alignment and cohesion in our 
marketing efforts and will enable us to maximize our global reach and impact 
across brand building, demand generation, account-based marketing, and 
influencer relationships. It also improves the efficiency of the marketing function. 
And Peeyush has laid out a very clear set of imperatives, a very clear set of results 
that will be driven almost quarterly for the next three years as a result of our 
investments in and our interventions in from a marketing perspective.  
 
 
Historically, TechM has had a huge focus on ESG leadership. I do believe that, and 
I think the awards, the S&P recognition really reaffirms our position as a leader 
from a climate perspective. We have at the forefront of our mission is our 
ambitious goal of being net zero by 2035. Our roadmap for this is a multifaceted 
approach to integrate renewable energy initiatives, emission reduction strategies 
and the adoption of circular economy practices. This also ties in very closely with 
what the group is doing. And if you look at the Mahindra group focus on renewable 
energy through Susten, it really is all coming together beautifully as part of our 
initiative. And like I said previously, our focus on ESG hasn't gotten unnoticed. You 
look at the award just on this page, right, the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 
24, the only Indian company in the top 5% of global sustainable companies are 
Terra Carter Seal. Our ESG leadership is being recognized across the world, and is 
increasingly very important to our teams, it is very important to our clients.  
 
 
I will now pass it on to Rohit to talk about our plan to deliver profitable growth.  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Thank you Mohit. So, let me just talk about few metrics or output that we are 
tracking towards FY27. We just talk about growth first. So, you look at growth over 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 39 
 
a period from FY25 to 27, our view is that as we get to FY27 based on the 
investments and the strategy that Mohit laid out, we will be growing above peer 
average based on the positioning we would be able to do from a company 
perspective. Although when you break it down between FY25, FY26, FY27, our view 
is that next year is going to be from an industry average, a moderate year and 
increasing incrementally each year as we move forward. During this period, we will 
also endeavour, continue to invest because our case of growth is based on mostly 
organic basis, and we will build on our capabilities over this period of time.  
 
 
Strategic growth plans for each year have a specific focus on market segment and 
with a detailed action plan that we will execute as we move forward. When you 
look at margins, we have sufficient levers to improve profitability from here on, 
both in short term and long term. Several initiatives have already been initiated to 
improve margins and more actions are planned as Mohit mentioned on the task 
force, as we call it, Project Fortius, which means stronger. Focus for us, is to 
exceed 15% EBIT margins by FY27. And, when you look at resultant of the margin 
expansion you will see based on the robust cash generation and the returns that 
we have had over the last few years, and I will talk about our change in capital 
allocation policy, we are fairly confident that based on these outcomes, the return 
on capital employed will go ahead of 30% and even more as we move forward 
towards FY27. 
 
 
 
Now, giving a little bit more detail on our Project Fortius, where we're going to work 
on multiple levers over the next three years. The actions of this have already 
started. We have a lot of scope in bringing down the average resource cost by 
consistently inducting freshers; the word here is consistently. We have done it in 
the past, we have done it in various patches, but now the plan is consistent. Over 
a period of time, make sure that we induct freshers, follow it up with a huge training 
program so that the deployment gets more seamless. So that's going to be one of 
the big levers that we will work on. I think we will continue to work on wage 
inflation. We know it will continue over the three-year period. We will work on 
developing a robust supply chain system and make sure the learning and 
development helps us enable a better internal fulfilment rate. We have taken 
several initiatives to already strengthen that. Mohit already mentioned, the chief 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 39 
 
learning officer that we have got on board, and we continue to build, not just 
inducting a great program for freshers, but across the organization, building 
capability. If you look at our plan which is organic, we have to continuously invest 
in the business. We have to make sure that we are building the capability in house. 
So that's very important for us. So, all of this, as we look forward from action on 
productivity, be it value based pricing, looking at sales productivity across the 
region's leadership span, all of this are specific program channels within this 
project which are led by specific reason and rolling it out all under our chief 
operating officer’s domain. And I'm working closely with him to drive outcome 
based on these specific plans.  
 
 
Now, in order to achieve growth above peer average, as we move forward and able 
to drive these savings, we have to invest in the business. We have to make sure 
that we look at this from a long-term perspective and not just short term. So that 
we have done a detailed assessment on what we need. We have gone an extensive 
evaluation of 16 market segments, each one based on market growth prospects, 
TechM’s ability to win, right? We have evaluated more than 100 benchmarks to 
identify the areas where we need to invest so that we are able to prioritize a set of 
investments, plug the gaps that we have and improve our positioning in these 
markets. These areas can broadly be categorized into service line offerings, into 
sales and marketing investments, into the whole ecosystem - the ecosystem of 
hyperscalers, niche domain specific players, industry analysts. We need to 
continue to work with them and invest in this area. So, we will make sure that we 
setting this business more for long term and to be able to do that, we continue to 
work on all of these pillars to structurally invest and develop both for growth as 
well as enabling margin expansion. Example, if you have to expand margin over a 
long-term period, we have to invest in internal tools, we have to invest in people 
supply chain capabilities, we have to invest in various platforms that help us 
unlock value over a long-term period. So that's why this is going to be the most 
important aspect for us, because in the short term, we will have to do above 
normal investments that help us unlock that value both on margin and growth 
perspective. As we move forward to FY26, probably that will reduce half and then 
get embedded in the normalized run rate of margins. So, in the initial year, in fact, 
in FY25, this could be in the quantum of 1.5% of our margins, going down to half of 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 39 
 
that, as I mentioned, and then getting embedded in the margin.  
 
 
 
So, this is the roadmap from a margin perspective. As I mentioned, we are at 6% 
this year on EBIT rate. Cost savings under Project Fortius is going to be the big 
driver for us to be able to get the savings. As Mohit mentioned, we will continue to 
work on the portfolio mix, geo wise, service line wise, vertical, which will give us 
better long term returns in terms of expanding margins. And then wage hikes will 
happen over a period of time, which as I mentioned, we will offset with some 
internal fulfilment and other levers. And then the investment, right, as we do the 
investment, more in short term, less than that in medium term, and that gets 
embedded to give us returns over the long term. And with that we see a roadmap 
to getting in excess of 15% EBIT over FY27.  
 
 
 
So, this is another thing I mentioned earlier. I wanted to highlight our current, I 
mean, there is a change in our current capital allocation policy that we got an 
approval from the Board. In the go forward policy, we have an endeavour to 
distribute at least 85% of our free cash flow generated over a period of five years 
to shareholders in the form of dividends or buyback. So, that's the change we 
wanted to drive to make sure that we are generating a great shareholder value, all 
in terms of getting a top above average growth, expanding our margins over a 
period of next three years, and then returning back significant amount in the 
nature of dividends.  
 
 
And, we also wanted to share some metrics on what are the input metrics that 
will help us get to those outcomes, what helps us get on growth that were looking 
at, what helps us get on the margin rate and then the organization talent, how are 
we going on that. So, these are some of the ones that well be internally tracking, 
and we will share a constant update on how were progressing on this. Some of 
this we already externally shared and we will add the others as we move forward. 
So, example on growth, how do we grow our top accounts? The turbocharged 
program that Mohit laid out, the focus on the top markets, right, increasing our 
book business and then on margins looking at how do we work on correcting our 
pyramid over a period of time. This is a long term benefit, but we have to invest 
now. So, this is an important metric for us to track. And then the high value service 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 39 
 
line, we will invest on that capability build, as I mentioned, organically and that'll 
help us grow the revenue on those service lines which are better yield and better 
margin oriented. And that'll help us drive better EBIT over a period of time. And 
similarly, our organization and talent, we continue to up skill our people, invest in 
L&D as I mentioned. Mohit mentioned, we will share the percentage of clients 
where we are infusing GenAI offering; that's a very important lever that we're 
tracking internally, and then overall the DEI focus. The DEI focus continues, and 
we will continue to share these metrics as well on how we progress.  
 
 
I will hand it back over to Mohit to wrap it up with a recap on our scale and scale 
narrative.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, Rohit. So, look, I think that is our strategy across the three pillars of 
growth of operations and the organization. And obviously, we will keep you 
posted on this as we move ahead. I do feel that we have an incredible platform. 
TechM has an incredible platform. There's the ability to do so much more. I 
believe that we have the leadership team in place now that will allow us to make 
this significant jump to meet the promise that we have laid out for you from an 
FY27 perspective. But I also want to mention that beyond what we have 
committed for FY27, because I do recognize that there is much more to do beyond 
FY27 as well, and what I want to say is that in the longer term, beyond FY27, we 
want to ensure that TechM is the market leader from a growth perspective, not 
just above average. We want to make sure that we are in the top three of our peer 
group from an EBIT profitability perspective, not just the number that we have 
shared with you. So, our longer-term ambitions and our longer-term aspirations 
are more aggressive than what we have shared from an FY27 perspective. But we 
have to make a start. We have to make a start. And so therefore, this is what we 
feel the roadmap and the trajectory will be for the next three years. As we were 
preparing this presentation, as we were speaking with our leadership teams, the 
thought that struck me is over the past year, there has been this narrative, this 
incredible energy around the India dream, around what can be accomplished, 
what is being accomplished in India today, the fact that we have hopes and 
aspirations for what this country will be over the next many years. And I feel that 
same ambition, the same aspiration for TechM. Like for India, I believe that the 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 39 
 
moment for TechM has truly arrived and that we will be moving onwards and 
upwards from here. Thank you so much for your time. And we will now move to 
Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict to two 
questions and then return to the queue for more questions. Please raise your 
hand from the participants tab on the screen and ask the question.  
 
The first question is from Sudhier.  
 
Sudhier: 
Hi Mohit, thanks for the insightful presentation. Just a couple of questions. When 
you say higher growth than peers and peers average margins, so who is the 
benchmark here? Which are the firms that we are considering as peers? 
  
Mohit Joshi: 
Sure. So, look, I think we will lay out the peer definition more clearly, but it is very 
clear who our peers are. It is the top six or seven players in the industry. From 
margin perspective, we have given a very clear ambition of reaching 15% EBIT by 
FY27. So, there's a fairly clear aspiration where we expect to be from our current 
levels of profitability.  
 
Sudhier: 
Got it. And is this 15% a hard sort of a cut off wherein if you go above 15% that will 
be reinvested back into the business to sort of drive growth and position 
ourselves as a growth company or anything on top of this 15%, you will let that 
flow into margin structure. How to think of it?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
So, look, I think we wanted to set a stake in the ground. We wanted to make sure 
that we have the commitment from our leadership team to hit a certain minimum 
level of profitability. As we get to that point in time in the next three years, we will 
obviously have to make a decision about what trade-offs there are to reinvest in 
the business or to grow further. What I also want to stress is that, like I said, our 
longer term ambition beyond FY27 is to be among the top three in terms of EBIT 
profitability. So, we will also weigh that into account. 
 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 39 
 
Sudhier:  
Got it, Mohit. And one last question, if I may. Historically, we have been very 
acquisitive. And now that you are saying 85% of the free cash flow is to be 
distributed over a five-year basis, does that mean acquisitions will take a 
backseat?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
In a sense, yes. In a sense, the focus will very much be on organic growth. Never 
say no to really compelling opportunities. But we are not in the market for a 
transformational M&A at this time. 
 
Sudhier: 
Thanks, Mohit. All the very best.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rod.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Hello Rod, how are you?  
 
Rod: 
Hey there! I'm doing okay. Good to connect here, guys. So, Mohit, I just want to 
ask a big picture question. You have laid out an initial set of strategies here for 
your investors, and you seem to have some investment plans to back up those 
strategies. What is the main takeaway you are wanting investors to glean from the 
strategy messages that you are presenting here today?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, Rod. So, look, I think what we really want investors to take away is that 
a lot of thought has gone into it over the past six to nine months. And in preparing 
for today, we have created the organization structure, in honestly, in record time. 
We have made sure that we have hired top talent from the market. We have made 
sure that we have got a plan for the internal organization. We have identified key 
areas and key avenues for growth, and we have set ourselves credible aspirations 
from a growth perspective. And these goals are well and clearly understood by 
our leadership team and by the broader organization. We will now focus on doing 
the right things and executing to the plan that we have built for ourselves. And 
obviously, we are, as I very honestly said, we are in the year of turnaround, FY25 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 39 
 
is in the year of turnaround and in the year of turnaround, there will be a degree of 
volatility. We will reduce, damp down the amount of volatility over the next one 
year.  And so, I want the market to understand that we have built a credible plan. 
The team is fully behind this. We have a really competent team. And while there 
will be some ups and downs, in the long run we are completely convinced that 
this is a really powerful platform and that we will deliver for our clients, for our 
employees, and for our investors. So, there is a huge amount of confidence in the 
very detailed plan that we have built and our ability to execute to this plan.  
 
Rod: 
All right, great! So just to follow up on that, I want to ask about timeframes here. 
Can you talk about the timing of the growth investments you are going to be 
making? So, for how long are you planning to make those above normal 
investments that you mentioned? And I'm assuming there will be a lead time in 
reaping payoffs from those investments. So, I'd like to ask whether you are aiming 
for quick payoffs or whether your upcoming investments are really geared 
towards long term payoffs and fiscal 27 and beyond.  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yeah, maybe I'll take that. So, thanks for the question. So, as I mentioned, I think 
we are not thinking short term here, right? We are thinking long term how  we 
make this franchise high performance driven organization, right. And from that 
perspective, as Mohit said, we want to make sure that it enables unlock of growth 
and  enables unlock for a margin perspective. And for that, as I mentioned, we 
went through a detailed exercise, looked at all the avenues and basis that we are 
prioritizing our investments. Some are short term, but most of them are in long- 
term nature. For example, we are consistently going to hire freshers in a scenario 
where others are not. And hence that commitment to build long term 
improvement from an organization structure perspective is what will drive the 
outcome. Similarly, from a capability build perspective, we want to make sure 
based on the alignment or the benchmarking we have done, we invest in all those 
service offerings. We make sure that we are getting ourselves for future and not 
just for current. So that's very important, and from a time frame perspective, it is 
going to be above normal in the next twelve months because we have to set it up 
for long term. It will be probably 1.5% of our margin, given we are not doing any 
M&A. We are very clear that we want to make sure we take everything organically. 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 39 
 
So that's going to be the quantum, and then as we move forward and we start 
seeing the benefit, it will probably reduce to half of that and then get embedded 
over a period of time on FY27.  
Rod: 
Thank you, guys.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, Rod.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kawaljeet.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Hello Kawaljeet, how are you?  
 
Kawaljeet: 
Yeah, I'm good, Mohit. Nice to hear the strategy presentation; quite a detailed 
one. A couple of questions or three if Rohit permits me to. The first question is for 
Rohit in that measures to improve profitability. I think there were some 15-20, 
maybe 150 measures mentioned. Can you just highlight the top two or three that 
would drive the bulk of the margin expansion and the timeframes involved?  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yeah, sure. I think from a maximum impact perspective, when we look at it, our 
making sure that the organization structure, the pyramid of the organization is set 
right and in alignment where we should be. I think that's going to be the maximum 
impact. And from a timeline perspective, that's going to take time, right? That's 
why I'm saying we invest in it right now, we start seeing the benefit probably I 
would say anywhere between 12 to 18 months onwards. And it's going to keep on 
increasing significantly as we move forward. So, it is long term in nature, but the 
impact is going to be maximum. So that's one example. And then short term, I 
think we will continue to work. We have significant opportunities as we look in our 
portfolio companies, as Mohit mentioned, we are going to integrate them. They're 
offering their frontend and backend more strongly with us. So that's a short term 
one for this year. We will continue to work on our various other operating levers. 
When we look at our fixed price programs, the comp and benefit structure that we 
have, or the number of people we have in these accounts, how do we deploy more 
automation tools there. We are working on a huge set of initiatives on automating 
a lot of those workloads. So, that’s going to give us a benefit this year as we move 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 39 
 
forward. And then, the pricing. I think we are working on another steam of price 
improvements, and that again, would be short-term return-oriented, as we keep 
on enabling the whole infrastructure better to drive value-based pricing over a 
period of time. 
 
Kawaljeet: 
That’s fair. The second question is for Mohit. Mohit, you mentioned speed and 
agility as the cornerstone for turn around or rather growth leadership at TechM. 
But don't you think that you have a unique disadvantage in which you neither have 
speed nor the benefits of agility, because you have a lopsided portfolio, which is 
telecom, in which you have scale, but that does not give you a lot. And then, you 
have what I would say, a thin layer of relationships across large verticals, in which 
you have to go actually with a challenger's mindset and may not get you a seat at 
the table in many cases.  
 
 
And the second part of the question inherent in your assumption, is that speed 
and agility for large companies is something which is missing, which need not be 
the case, because you have large companies which have both characteristics. 
 
Mohit Joshi:  
Look, I think, you know, our proposition is not built around speed alone. Our 
proposition is built around scale at speed, right? So, it has  elements of scale, 
which is you have a full-service offering, as also built around speed. Also, it isn't 
something that, sort of, we've pulled out of a hat. This has been built based on 
deep customer feedback, deep analysis of where there is a gap in the market, and 
what people essentially see the TechM promises being. If I look at our vertical mix, 
I agree that our largest exposure is to where we have significant scale. But we 
have a billion-dollar-plus business in financial services, we have a billion-dollar-
plus business in manufacturing, we've got a sizable business in healthcare and 
life sciences across life sciences, payers, and providers, we've got an emerging 
business in retail, transportation, and hospitality. So, I do believe that within 
these businesses, if you look at these businesses, we really have top-tier clients 
already, we have permission to hunt in these clients.  
 
 
What we have not done so far, is a systematic program to tap into these accounts 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 39 
 
and to drive growth. So, I do feel that with a measure of tying the entrepreneurial 
energy of TechM with a degree of operating account discipline, the focus that we 
have on building out solution capability within the service lines, I do certainly 
believe it is something which is achievable. I don't believe it's achievable 
overnight, which is why we're not giving you a plan for FY25. We're giving you a 
plan for FY27. But within a three-year period, I absolutely feel that the promise 
of the platform is realizable, married obviously to the strengths and capabilities 
of the broader group. If I didn't think so, I wouldn't be here. 
 
Kawaljeet: 
Oh, fair enough. That's fair. The final question is that, in that three-year journey, 
do you have annual milestones that you want to share so that all of us are on the 
same page? 
 
Mohit Joshi:  
Look, I think we have shared a broad perspective, in the sense that FY25 will be 
the year of our turnaround. And as we'd shared a short while ago when we 
announced the results, that we believe that Q4 marks the low point in our year-
on-year growth journey, and that we will start turning around from Q1 onwards, 
and we expect to hit annual year-on-year growth by the end of the year. So, that is 
what we have said for FY25.  
 
 
By FY26, we expect that the new service line structure, the new vertical focus 
areas will start delivering results from a growth perspective, and that we will also 
start to see some early results from the investments that Rohit spoke about, and 
that the promise of these investments and the promise of the new structure will 
be fully realized in FY27. So, that's the sort of the sequencing and the steps that 
we've given from an FY25, FY26, and FY27 perspective. 
 
Kawaljeet: 
That’s very helpful. Just a final question, Mohit. You had a number of acquisitions, 
or you have inherited a lot of acquired companies, and many of them have not 
been to the mark. Are you retaining the entire portfolio of companies acquired, or 
are you thinking of divesting ones which are not strategically important? And, I 
guess, we did have a discussion at some point in time in this aspect. 
 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 39 
 
Mohit Joshi:  
Yeah, look, I don't think that we have made any decision to divest just now. We 
have obviously worked to closely integrate all of the portfolio companies much 
more closely into our service line structure. And because we have said that we 
are not going to be hugely acquisitive anymore, it gives us the ability to drive 
synergies, including front-end integration and including back-end integration, a 
lot more effectively over time. But there is no active disposition plan at this  
 
time. 
 
Kawaljeet: 
Thank you so much, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ankur. 
 
Ankur: 
Hey, thank you. Thanks, Mohit, and thank you for the very detailed presentation. 
The business plan is definitely quite comprehensive, but I worry that given you 
mentioned everything in the textbook for better margins and better growth, is 
there a risk that at least analysts, if not investors, and the team also gets lost in 
the breadth for depth in these initiatives? And if you can maybe highlight, you 
know, the 3-4 main ones which the team, especially the middle to lower 
management team, can get a line behind? 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Sure, so I think, look, from a revenue perspective, the way that we have defined 
the organization, a very clear SBU structure, which is verticals within Geos, and a 
very clear service line structure. This gives an incredible amount of clarity to the 
organization, because the SBUs know exactly which accounts we want them to 
grow, they know exactly which accounts we want them to chase, and there is a 
very rigorous process of review, and of goal setting, that gives them a very clear 
sense of where we expect them to be headed in the year.  
 
 
Equally, from a service line perspective, the service lines are very clear about 
what we want them to do. Number one, we want them to provide resilience and 
quality of service to customers. Number two, we expect them to drive 
productivity. And number three, we expect them to drive innovation.  
 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 39 
 
 
So, the sales teams are very clear, and the service lines are very clear. It may 
seem like a  trivial thing, but having this level of clarity in an organization is very, 
very important. So, I would say that is the first and most important change that 
we've made.  
 
 
The second thing goes to changing the institutional, sort of, capabilities of the 
company, right? Whether it's changing the capability from an HR perspective with 
our new CHRO, changing the capabilities from a marketing, advisor and analyst 
relationship perspective with Peeyush, changing the broader delivery capabilities 
through Atul, our new Chief Operating Officer, changing the capabilities from a 
learning perspective with the new Chief Learning Officer. So, we have made a 
deliberate effort… a deliberate sort of decision over the past six months to focus 
on creating the structure, to focus on creating the institutional capabilities, right? 
And I feel that, while this is a longer-term approach, this will yield greater long-
term results.  
 
 
Like I'd shared at the start itself, we did a global leadership meet with close to 300 
people just earlier this week in Bangalore. And all of you speak to people within 
the organization, right? There is incredible energy and there is incredible clarity in 
the organization about what needs to be done by each and every single person 
within the company. So, while obviously, we have a lot of initiatives, right? We 
need to be kicking off and executing on a number of things at a different point in 
time. For every individual in the company, there's a clear sense of what needs to 
be done. And for us as a leadership team, the measurement mechanism, the 
review mechanism is extremely robust. 
 
Rohit Anand: 
Maybe, Mohit, I'll just add one more point. The one other change that we've driven 
to get the organization rally around it, is the plans that we've built, right, Is a 
bottoms-up plan with stretch that we've discussed and debated, right, and I think 
the ownership on that plan is their plan. So, the ownership… I think that's a 
cultural change and that's the way, Ankur, that the organization rallies around. It's 
much stronger. We're already seeing that impact in the global sales meet that 
Mohit just did. And as we move forward, I think that ownership will drive better 
outcomes as well. 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 39 
 
 
Ankur: 
Super. Thank you so much for that elaboration. Second question is, the business 
environment is very tough, like you mentioned in your initial remarks. How much 
of these recoveries, both on the growth and on the margin side, is environment 
dependent, and also growth dependent? How much of this, especially on the 
margin side, can be done irrespective of how bad, if we just keep moving sideways 
for two years, it won't impact this journey? 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Yeah. So look, I think we have an expectation that we will be able to drive growth, 
especially in the second half of the year. But we're also quite sort of clear-eyed 
about the market environment, and we do expect… we're not… this plan is not 
built on a situation where growth suddenly takes off and lasts for a period of time. 
We obviously want to use this period of time, this slowness, to strengthen our 
capabilities and to build our institutional knowledge. So, I would say, the plan is 
built on the world not falling off a cliff, but it is not built on incredible growth, right? 
If the current market situation continues, I would still very much expect us to hit 
our plan numbers.  
 
Ankur: 
Thank you. Last question. You mentioned somewhere in the presentation, Rohit, 
that you expect $250 million of savings a year. Is that a marker for margin 
recovery, is about 4% a year, or is that not inclusive of the incremental investment 
that you also highlighted initially?  
 
Rohit Anand: 
No. So yeah, so savings is... So this is average for the three years. It could be up, 
down each year, but that's outside of the investment. So, this is the saving that 
we'll drive and then fund some of the investments we'll deliver to be able to get 
the margins walk that period.  
 
Ankur: 
Okay. Thank you and best of luck.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kumar Rakesh.  
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks for taking us through your strategy over the next three years. My first 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 39 
 
question was more from the near-term growth outlook. So, you are exiting FY24 
on a low growth and second half, you went through restructuring of the 
businesses as well. So ideally, that should have helped you cyclically to recover 
some of those back into growth, and hence, start narrowing the growth relative 
to peers in this year as well. So is that a fair expectation that we would start 
seeing a narrowing down of growth and possibly meeting the peer average in 
FY25, or even that would be more pushed out to FY26 or FY27?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
No, I think that is a fair expectation. The only caveat is, obviously, we have a 
certain unique industry mix. In the sense that, we are differentiated from our 
peers through the industry mix. But with that sort of narrow caveat, I think your 
expectation is completely on point.  
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Great. Thanks for that. My second question was for Rohit. So Rohit, when you had 
joined, you had also started a margin expansion plan in which you were looking at 
many of the parameters that you talked about today as well, value-based pricing, 
utilizations upon cost pressure. Rather, you were running war-room sort of a 
setup as well to improve margin, and the expectation at that time also was to 
reach sort of 14 to 15% margin. And then a lot of things happened. So, what do 
you think this time is different and we will be able to achieve this? And many of 
the parameters that you have worked on earlier this time around will give different 
results. You did talk about consistency, but a little more detail would be useful. 
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yeah, I think the key answer there is the foundation that we've changed. The 
organization structure change has created a lot of difference from where we were 
to where we are. So, when you look at the delivery, the delivery was embedded 
across the 12-13 SBU structures that we have, and a lot of them were as small as 
$100-$200 million P&Ls. And from there, what Mohit… when he came in and when 
we announced the off-structure change, from an operation perspective, we 
consolidated everything under a Chief Operating Officer who joined us in August. 
So that brings a lot of scale, a lot of benefit of that.  
 
And now when you look at the delivery, it's a consolidated organization. And we've 
kind of defined that under 6 ADMS verticalized structure and the 6 competency 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 39 
 
layers, and then the BPS additional to that. So, I think, that change and the ability 
to then drive all these actions, are much more impactful versus the way we were 
initially.  
 
 
So, I think you're right. I mean, from an industry perspective, if you go to anybody, 
I think actions would be similar. The differentiation is going to be execution. I feel 
the big differentiating sauce for us is the new structure. That's where I'm seeing a 
lot of confidence with Atul coming in and the team, the new structure that we 
have in driving this plan much better than before.  
 
Mohit Joshi:  
And if I can just add to that, look, like I said, when we spoke about the new TechM 
Flywheel, we're very mindful of the fact that we have not delivered predictability 
in the past. And we're very focused on driving that predictability. Now, obviously 
in FY25, as we're in the middle of turnaround, there will be volatility. But every 
single thing that we're doing is focused on damping down that volatility over time, 
so that we're able to provide superior results, obviously, but more predictable 
results. That is very important for us because we've heard the feedback from all 
of you loud and clear. 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
That's really reassuring. Thanks a lot and all the best.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Yogesh Agarwal.  
 
Yogesh Agarwal: 
Hi guys. Hey, just quick questions. Firstly, clarification. So, the $250 million 
savings per year, they will happen consistently for the next three years, year after 
year. Is that correct?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Yeah, that's right. That's right.  
 
Yogesh Agarwal:  
Okay. And just another clarification. So, net of this saving and the 1.5% margin 
investments, so FY25, you will be better off than the current margins. Is that 
correct understanding?  
 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 33 of 39 
 
Mohit Joshi: 
That's right. Yes, it is.  
 
Yogesh Agarwal: 
Okay, great. So, Mohit, I wanted to ask you something else on the billing rate. So 
in your sense, how are the billing rates for Tech Mahindra like-to-like for the skills 
and experience versus competition? And if you guys restructure the pyramid, is 
there a risk that the average billing rates actually come down?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Yeah. I'll answer that question more broadly. I do feel that the billing rates by and 
large are comparable. But we do have an outsized fixed price portfolio within 
TechM. And obviously, within that, as is known, there are a couple of problem 
projects that we have.  
 
 
Secondly, while building out the pyramid may pose challenges from a billing rate 
perspective, as you mentioned, I believe that that tradeoff at the end will still be 
beneficial to us. The tradeoff will still be beneficial to us. Maybe you will have 
marginally lower billing rates, but you will have significantly lower cost. I also 
believe that it is the only way we can build an organization for the long term, right? 
So, a focus on the pyramid, but also focus on greater internal fulfillment. While 
the pyramid will yield us some benefits, I believe we will get a significant amount 
of benefits from greater internal fulfillment. And we can only have greater internal 
fulfillment if we're building out the training infrastructure. So, I think a 
combination of all these factors is what will deliver us the higher profitability.  
 
Yogesh Agarwal: 
Okay, got it. And just one more question. The new deals which are coming today, 
which you guys are signing today and is flowing through the business, are they 
margin accretive?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Yes.  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yeah, from an aggregate perspective, that's true, Yogesh. And then as you look at 
any deal structure, the way the transition happens initially, the first 6-8 months, 
12 months, initially there's always a dilution and then the expansion happens 
after that. So that's the nature of the deal structure, but generally these are more 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 34 of 39 
 
accretive deals that we sign.  
 
Yogesh Agarwal: 
Sorry, so the initial dilution is on 7% or 15% target? That's all I was trying to 
understand.  
 
Rohit Anand: 
No, no, I'm just explaining from a structure perspective, right? So when you look 
at the deals that we're signing today from an urgent perspective comparable to 
where we want to get to for FY25 at least and the year after, these are accretive to 
that, because you can look at it over the life cycle, right? But when you look at 
short-term, there's always a timeline of investments, right? For that period, they 
will not give you accretive margins. 
 
Yogesh Agarwal: 
Got it. That's all I wanted to know. Thanks, guys. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ravi Menon.  
 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you. Thanks for the detailed presentation. I think it would have been 
better appreciated over a full day analysts’ meet rather than a 90-minute call, but 
let's do it. Thanks for laying this out. Just wanted to check on the margin aspiration 
beyond FY27. So, we have TCS at the top end at 26% today, Infosys in the 20-21% 
range, and HCL below that around 18-19%. So are you saying that you'd actually 
get to 18-19% at least, or cross that going into 20%? And is that the aspiration?  
 
Mohit Joshi:  
Yes, that is absolutely the long-term aspiration, Ravi. There is no reason why this 
platform, with the strengths of the group, with a deep engineering heritage, with 
the sort of client base that we have, should not be delivering in the top three of 
the peer groups.  
 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks for that.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
In the short run, we have a lot of work to do to build the capabilities, to deliver the 
promise of the platform, to restructure the portfolio. But in the long run, 
absolutely.  

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 35 of 39 
 
 
Ravi Menon: 
And as a follow-up, since you're not planning on much acquisitions, why 
shouldn't we actually redefine that cash distribution? Instead of an FCF, why not 
use a net income hurdle? Perhaps that's lower, when looking at the cash 
conversion, but why not use that instead?  
 
Rohit Anand:  
Yeah, so I think if you look at our history from a PAT to FCF perspective and look 
at cumulative, I don't think there's going to be much difference between those. 
And in fact, the way we're going to target our improvement in the cash cycles, we 
feel that we can get some benefit out of that as well. They're quite aligned, 
actually.  
 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks. So we should assume that those 85% will actually be… if you look at a 
net income percentage, it might even be higher than that. Is that correct?  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yeah. I mean, from a long-term period, yes. It varies year on year based on a 
particular event or something. But yes, over an aggregate, you're right. It should 
be similar or higher.  
 
Ravi Menon: 
Great. Thank you. So understand then, that credit terms will actually probably 
only getting tighter on the new deals that you're looking at, rather than more 
generous.  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yes.  
 
Ravi Menon: 
Great. Thanks so much, gentlemen. Best of luck. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sandeep Shah. 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the chance and congratulations, Mohit, on a detailed 
presentation to you as well. The first question, Mohit is, if I look at the CME vertical 
contribution, although today it is 46%, and your aspiration to outgrow the market 
in FY27, do you budget CME contribution will come down? My question for asking 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 36 of 39 
 
this is, if it comes down, your growth aspiration for the non-communication 
business has to be much steeper versus the industrial growth rates, and are we 
keeping that angle in mind as well while riding this?  
 
Mohit Joshi:  
Sure. But if you look at it, Sandeep, over the past couple of years, growth in 
communications has been lower than the industry average anyway, right? So that 
is the reality that we have. Now, very clearly, as I've said before, we are not de-
emphasizing telecoms, we're not stepping away from telecoms. But as we revert 
to, sort of, a mean of our peer group, that will mean faster growth in other sectors. 
And so, therefore, rebalancing of the portfolio with a lower overall weight for 
telecoms, it is something that has been happening in any case over the past five 
years. And I do expect the process to continue. 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Second, Rohit, this saving of $250 million per annum for next three years, 
even in FY25, you expect minimum saving of $250, or it could be lower than $250 
as well?  
 
Rohit Anand: 
Yeah, I mean, this is, Sandeep, an average that I mentioned for three years. As I 
mentioned, some year it will be higher, some year it will be lower. But an average 
over a three-year period, that's the per-year average. And I think, as we move 
forward, as I mentioned to you, we'll be starting on a cycle where we're driving this 
under a set program. So, we'll continuously keep on updating you as well. As from 
an investment standpoint, it's an important period for us because it's long-term 
in nature and both need to go hand in hand. So, we continue to drive savings in 
excess of that, and at the same time, invest in long-term because capability build 
and expanding in certain areas is very, very important for long-term success.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah. And Mohit, you also said 4Q revenue run rate is at a low point. Are you 
believing YoY growth may take its own time? But on a QoQ, at least worst is behind 
on a going forward basis?  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
Actually, I'm saying the opposite. I'm saying that from a YoY perspective, you 
should expect to see growth from Q1 onwards, even if there is QoQ volatility.  

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 37 of 39 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And lastly… 
 
Rohit Anand: 
On YoY perspective, there'll be improvement from where we are right now, and 
we get better. That's the clarification. Yes.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
And last thing on the goodwill impairment. Is it the worst of the review has been 
done, or this is just a normal yearly exercise and the goodwill impairment as a 
pattern which has continued every 4th Quarter in a financial year, and will 
continue going forward?  
 
Rohit Anand: 
No, I think, Sandeep, we've done a quite comprehensive review of the portfolio. 
So we feel that this is the current performance, this is the right representation of 
where we are. As Mohit said, that we continue to integrate the portfolio 
companies much more stronger in the core business. And as we move forward, 
we will see how that shapes, and hopefully, that will give us better future 
projections for these companies.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thanks and all the best for your execution.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vibhor.  
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Hi, Mohit. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on a great presentation, a 
very thorough one. My question to you, Mohit, was on the banking segment. 
You've been an expert in this field for so many years. Given the current 
environment that we see across the world in the banking segment, and given the 
portfolio that you have driven up till now and the portfolio that TechM has in terms 
of the banking vertical, what are the key challenges that you see at this point of 
time? And do you see that vertical… I mean, again, not looking at an actual 
number, but do you think that vertical will take time to recover in FY25, given the 
current macro that is there?  
 
Mohit Joshi:  
Yeah. So, I do think that a lot of people have spoken about the recovery that is 
happening in BFSI in FY25. I do believe that the vertical overall will recover. From 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 38 of 39 
 
a TechM perspective, we have certain unique pockets of strength, which is why I 
think we'll be a competent late-mover.  
 
 
One of these is in core banking. We do feel that there is going to be a focus on 
core banking transformation really across the world, given the huge increase in 
volumes that you've seen and the instability of systems really across the world. 
We think there is a huge opportunity for us in the asset and wealth management 
space where we have some really compelling consulting credentials. We have a 
deep engineering expertise in insurance and a deep package implementation 
experience in insurance on the back of our Guidewire capabilities. So that is what 
we're going to be using to build out our financial services practice.  
 
 
We have some really marquee names already in the portfolio that I want to dig 
down much deeper. There are new clients that we're opening up on a very regular 
basis. And then there are certain sectors and pockets of strength that we will 
capitalize on. Now, I'm not saying that we will become the market leader in 
financial services by FY27, much though I'd hope to be. But I do believe that we 
will be a very compelling challenger very soon in the sector.  
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much for answering that. Rohit, just one small question from 
my side. On the employee pyramid, you talked about rationalization and also 
about fresher hiring. Now, if you look at one important metric for the company 
over the last many quarters, is the utilization, including and excluding trainees. It 
has practically been the same for the past... I mean, you can name it 24-30 
quarters, which probably makes you believe that the trainees are very less in the 
system. So, I mean, we probably need to build up a bench strength. Do you think 
that is going to be a significant margin headwind the near term as we build those 
investments? And, how would that impact your margin expansion program that 
you're kind of taking into account?  
 
Rohit Anand: 
That's a great question. As I mentioned, we've outplayed a critical percentage of 
our margin into investments. That's very critical. And this is one stream of the 
investment. Unless we don't invest in fresher talent, you're absolutely right, 

Tech Mahindra Limited 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 39 of 39 
 
you've not seen a consistent fresher induction and that's why the percentage has 
remained static. In this quarter, in fact, you see a reduction in utilization. Some of 
that is attributable to, in fact, adding freshers. And as we go forward, we're going 
to be consistently applying that, because I think just focusing short term will not 
give us the right outcomes that we need, and this is an investment that's already 
baked in our plan.  
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Great to hear that. Thank you so much, guys. And wish you all the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
No, I just want to say I want to thank everybody for making time for us today. Like 
I’d shared previously, I do believe that we have created a very clear set of goals 
for the company. We have set ourselves very high standards. We will be 
consistently doing the right thing. And with all of these, I'm very confident that the 
platform has the capacity to deliver. We have set ourselves and before you, very 
clear objectives for what we hope to achieve in FY27 and beyond. And we look 
forward to keeping you updated on a very regular basis on our progress. There is 
a tremendous amount of energy in this very competent team, and you will start to 
see results very soon.  
 
Rohit Anand: 
And we'll have a physical session soon.  
 
Mohit Joshi: 
And, we will have a physical session very soon. Yes. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Tech Mahindra Limited, that 
concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
 
********************************************************************************** 
