 
Orient Cement Limited 
Corporate Office: Birla Tower, 3rd fl, 25 Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001, India.   011 42092100 
Registered Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneshwar, Odisha 751012, India. www.orientcement.com    
 
CIN No: L26940OR2011PLC013933 
 
 
 
 
May 8, 2024                                                                                                    OCL/SE/2024-25/16 
 
BSE Limited     
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai-400001  
   
Scrip Code: 535754                              
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: ORIENTCEM 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Conference  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
In terms of Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Investors Conference Call held on May 2, 2024, with respect to Audited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.orientcement.com.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
 
 
Diksha Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Investor E-mail id: investors@orientcement.com 
 
Encl.: as stated 
DIKSHA 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by DIKSHA SINGH 
Date: 2024.05.08 
18:39:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Orient Cement Limited Q4FY24 & FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK KHETRAPAL – MD & CEO, ORIENT 
CEMENT LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVEEN SAHADEO – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Orient Cement Q4 FY’24 Conference Call 
hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Sahadeo. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
Thank you, Manuja. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all 
to the Q4 FY’24 Earnings Call of Orient Cement. 
Today, we have with us from the management Mr. Deepak Khetrapal, who is the Managing 
Director. 
Without any further ado, I hand over the call to Mr. Khetrapal for his Opening Comments, 
followed by the Interactive Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you Naveen (inaudible) 1:10 And I must say, as always, I am grateful to all of you for 
your interest in our Company and to continue to find time to be with us on this call. Thank you. 
Coming to the earnings for the Quarter and for the Full Year: 
I am sure all of you would have gone through the results and it seems have formed the opinion 
about them. The way we see the quarter that has gone past is like this, for us, honestly, it’s been 
a challenging quarter, there’s no doubt about it, challenging in the sense that the typical volume 
push and volume rather the demand pull that we expect in Q4 in the market remained elusive. I 
would say January and February was not so bad, but the month of March proved to be really the 
most difficult month. Not that we had lower volumes than last year. The challenge was in terms 
of very little growth or demand available in the markets that we service. And to that extent, 
because the demand was not there, we also saw the pricing, in fact, March slide in prices is what 
I would call brutal and throughout the month almost every single day basis the prices kept falling 
and by the time we’re exiting the month of March on 31st March, the prices were nothing to talk 
about. So, it impacted I would say our earnings, our EBITDA in the month of March 
dramatically. 
If you ask me generally, how was January, February for us? January, February were pretty good 
where we fell short over last year in terms of our own expectations for growth was largely in the 
month of March and because of the momentum that we were carrying from January, February, 
the overall quarter doesn’t look as bad as March would have made it look if January, February 
also were equally bad. Frankly, it didn’t turn out to be the usual Q4 rush for volumes and better 
prices, it didn’t happen, all of us know it. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Our volumes in Q4 have been, I will call them flat, there’s very marginal growth. And the 
realizations for Q4 also I think in our case at least now that we have seen the results coming out 
for a few competitors, at least we are one of those companies, who had the realizations in Q4 as 
a whole slightly higher than realization in Q4 last year, but as we have seen many companies 
slipping on that as well. 
In terms of Volumes: Sequentially, we saw a fairly strong growth; we are 24% higher over Q3 
volumes. But in these sequential when we say the growth was there 24%, but very surprisingly 
the realizations went down for us by 5% and for some of our competitors even more than 5% 
which is where the real pain point really comes. Our volume for the quarter itself has been 17.2 
lakh tons that we reported already, representing overall Company level at 81% utilization. But 
really speaking, our challenge has been basically our old plant at Devapur. Because our 
Chittapur, Karnataka plant once again has operated at more than 100% capacity. Jalgaon also 
has been fairly okay, although Jalgaon pressure was there earlier, but I think we managed to sort 
of claw back our market share in the markets, which are serviced by our Jalgaon grinding unit. 
But Devapur continues to struggle in terms of overall capacity utilization there. I will come to 
the reason. But like I said overall 81% but we do have one of our most important plants’ we’re 
doing more than 100% capacity utilization and that will bring us to the need for immediate 
capacity addition in due course, I will come to that as well. 
The net revenues, as you’ve seen are at 895 crores, it’s 1.6% higher. It’s definitely better than 
volume growth because we had a higher blended realization and that largely has been contributed 
by the share of premium brands that we have in the market and they keep getting us, I would 
say, somewhat higher value growth compared to the volume growth. The realizations for the 
quarter blended basis at 5,130. Sequentially, as I mentioned, there’s a drop of nearly 5% from 
5,400 that we had in the preceding quarter, and over last year, they are higher just by under 1%. 
EBITDA at 156 crores, up from 117 crores in Q3, again a significant jump. But on year-on-year 
basis, the growth actually is there, it’s a modest growth, I would say, just about 10-12 crores 
overall. But the important part here is that we have growth in EBITDA which again like I said, 
the industry some of the players that we see, they manage to perhaps do a volume growth much 
better than us. But their improvement in profitability, or rather the improvement in sales came 
at the cost of profitability because profitability in some cases had gone down despite higher 
volumes. And I am talking about gross EBITDA level. At the EBITDA per ton level, we are 
definitely, the way we calculate and, I know there’s a difference between how the analysts 
calculate, in our calculations we do it every year. So, we are calculating our EBITDA per ton at 
Rs.900 a ton, which is higher than Rs.840 a ton from the preceding quarter and Rs.843 a ton, 
which was the same quarter last year. So, roughly, the growth is about Rs.60 in our EBITDA per 
ton over Q3 and over Q4 FY’23 as well. 
And given the kind of growth that we had in EBITDA in the first three quarters, our full year 
EBITDA as you would have seen is at Rs.465 crores, which is higher from the previous year of 
Rs.377 crores, which reflects a jump of nearly 23% with volumes barely going up 6%. And that’s 
the important part. Our volume growth of 6% and the EBITDA growth is at 23%. And the annual 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
per ton EBITDA is at Rs.758, which is higher by more than Rs.100 over the full year FY’23. 
But this I thought I will just highlight in terms of what happened in Q3 and also roughly the full 
year. 
The revenues for the full year, you’ve seen including our other income is Rs.3,200 crores roughly 
which is 8.5% growth. Like we said, the volume growth till Q3, if you people recall was at 9%, 
but with the lack of enough growth in Q4, the total volume for the year is down to growth of just 
about 6%. 
In terms of the indications that we had given through the markets, we were actually, we ended 
up doing about 97% of the volumes that we have indicated to the market, and we’ll do about 6.3 
million tons, we ended up short by about 3%-odd. 
Realizations for the full year are better by about Rs.86 per ton or 1.6%. And like I said, EBITDA 
per ton already has gained more than Rs.100 despite not-so-great volumes or prices. 
And as I mentioned to you earlier, the large I would say dent in our performance as we see it 
internally has come from our Devapur plant, which largely services markets which are in 
Telangana and also in some parts of Maharashtra, mainly the Vidarbha markets which are closer, 
which are serviced by us from our Devapur plant, those markets have been underperforming. 
Telangana, North Telangana market I think has underperformed for everyone. I think in the last 
two quarters and repeating this trend that Telangana demand somehow has not been where it 
needs to be. 
And in Vidarbha, we have the other challenge of new capacity, new competition having come 
up and some of them are using even their incentives to, if I can call, subsidize their customers 
by selling their cement at cheaper prices which makes it impossible for players like us who worry 
about the profitability to be able to compete with them and sell more. 
So, Devapur remains a pain point and we’ll have to find some solution, how do you utilize that 
capacity better. And one of the solutions would be perhaps to quickly gain a grinding unit which 
takes us to a newer market from Devapur clinker itself. So, that’s what we are working on the 
plans. 
Just to sort of in a way like in terms if we look at pure Q4 as everybody would expect sequentially 
over Q3, Telangana also has improved by 12%. It’s not that it’s not grown in Q4 over Q3, but if 
we look at the real Q4 last year, we are down 26% in Telangana itself. So, that’s one of the flags. 
Our largest market, Maharashtra, which actually is becoming larger with every month by going 
with every day passing. We in Maharashtra in let’s say we have grown 32% quarter-on-quarter 
that is sequentially, and we also grown 13% year-on-year in in this particular quarter. And in 
Maharashtra, the main consumption centers are there, and they are actually taking a lot of our 
cement which we’re happy about. And fortunately, like I said, those markets are helping us in 
terms of retaining the volumes where they are and growing there. And the impact on that as you 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
would perhaps we have seen in terms of our freight costs, which seem to have gone up because 
the freight for us within the Telangana market or Vidarbha market is lower than the current 
markets in which we’re selling more of our cement in Maharashtra. 
The full year sales you’ve seen are 61.3 lakh tons, which I mentioned is nearly 3% lower than 
what we would have wanted them to be, they are below our expectations. 
I have already mentioned the Q3 sales was 9% higher which was in line with the industry, but I 
think in Q4 we have fallen behind on pan-India basis. I am quite sure that the growth in our own 
markets that we have almost flat is in line with the other players in our markets. I think if we 
compare our performance in the industry, in our markets, I don’t think we are worse-off, but 
definitely at Pan-India level, 6% growth on the whole, makes us look poorer than what the rest 
of the industry Pan-India has done. 
For us, due to our let’s say more sales happening in Maharashtra and including in Mumbai and 
Pune markets, that has pushed us into our B2B sales have kept going higher compared to what 
we have done traditionally I would say a few quarters back. In the Q4 per se we say they are at 
55%, slightly lower than what we had reported in Q3 when we had actually gone up to 56%. 
And within that the good news is that we’re beginning to sell more of our blended cement also 
in the B2B market and we’re able to satisfy few of our very important customers to buy our 
StrongCrete our premium brand, which is sort of in a way it is the blended cement. As a result, 
despite the B2B sales being 55%, our OPC sales are at 46% in Q4, which was 48% in the 
previous quarter and last year it was 43% right. It’s been I would say trend towards OPC mainly 
because large customers in Mumbai and Pune somehow remain OPC buyers. 
The one good thing that I would like to just mention here is we are one of the few companies 
who also got our product approved for the bullet train project that is to be setup in Ahmedabad 
and Mumbai as it starts turning up. The people who have the contracts who are building that 
train, they will be buying cement from us and some of them we already have been sort of in 
touch and we agreed on the supply of cement to the bullet train project in that market. A very 
prestigious project and we are really delighted that we’ll be participating in that project as well. 
On the premium brands, I keep mentioning all the time. The good news here is that in this 
particular year, we have managed to increase or rather grow our premium brands volumes by 
31% in the year, and they are now in the region of 22% of total trade sales and they are increasing 
consistently. 
What I would like to remind everyone is that when we say our premium cement, the premium 
that we charge on our premium cement over our PPC is perhaps the highest in the market by any 
other brand. I will just remind you on StrongCrete, we do charge a premium of Rs.45 per bag 
over PPC. 
In Dolphin, actually, we have taken it further. We are in excess of Rs.55 a bag over PPC and 
Orient Green itself is about Rs.25, Rs.27 a bag. So, there are different price points with different 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
value propositions. But each of these three cements have been positioned to meet specific 
demands of the consumers and because we are selling them with enough support at the ground 
level, we are able to get margins like this and still keep growing at 31% growth year-on-year in 
premium cements and it’s very, very heartening for all of us. 
The other good part is that we have reported that the first phase of our waste heat recovery at 
our Karnataka, Chittapur plant, had been commissioned in the early second half of the financial 
year. The second phase of that, which have been pending, has finally got commissioned on 29th 
of April that is just a couple of days back. And with that the total availability of power from there 
would exceed 10 MW of power, which is great news for us. And this investment as you know is 
hugely beneficial for us. And if I were to quantify gain, just on the first phase of waste heat 
recovery, in Q4 itself, the gain for us has been over Rs.11 crores and phase-II obviously will 
increase the savings further. You can imagine how beneficial this investment is. We do expect 
that the annual gain from waste heat recovery for us would easily be a minimum of 50, 55 crores 
a year. 
We are also in a way expecting the supply of solar power. If the investors recall, we have signed 
up with the solar power players to put up what we call the captive projects. So, Jalgaon is going 
to be getting more solar power within the month of May, and I think our Karnataka, Chittapur 
plant will start getting solar power in the month of June. So, in this particular quarter, those 
investments will also start paying off, which should make our power that we use a lot more green 
and I think also cost beneficial from the shareholders’ perspective. 
For Q4 per se, the power and fuel costs are at Rs.1,350 per ton as you would have seen, and 
they’re down from Rs.1,421 per ton in the preceding quarter and for Rs.1,571 per ton in the Q4 
of last year. 
Here is an interesting point. As I mentioned to you, our B2B sales and OPC has been going up, 
and as all of would know OPC actually because it’s not blended, it consumes more power, and 
it consumes more clinker. But the impact of that we have been able to mitigate through 
improving our efficiencies and also through now the contribution which is sort of keep increasing 
from the waste heat recovery plant. 
In terms of fuel mix, that all of you always remain interested in, by weight our fuel mix in the 
quarter has been 45% domestic coal, 34% pet coke and alternative fuels 21%. And for the year 
as a whole, the same domestic coal is 49%, pet coke is 33% and AFR is at about 18%. So, that’s 
our fuel mix by weight. 
In terms of blended fuel costs, this enquiry always comes with, for the Company as a whole in 
Q4, has been Rs.1,776 per million kCal, but I think many of you are more used to seeing 1.776 
down from 2.113 last year. Even sequentially in the preceding quarter, it was at 1.890. So, those 
are the numbers that I know always there are questions around them, so I thought I will give you 
upfront. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
With the waste heat recovery and the solar power which is already existing and operating for the 
last few years at the Jalgaon plant, the total renewable power in Q4 has actually become 23% of 
power consumed in Q4 and 11% from last year. As I did mention, with the second phase kicking 
in and the more solar power coming in both at Jalgaon plant and at Chittapur plant, this obviously 
will increase even further, but in Q4 itself we are 23%, which was just 11% last year in Q4. 
In terms of alternate fuels, I have already told you fuel mix like that we have had. 
In terms of market mix, as I mentioned, our growth in West, which has been making up for our 
Southern India markets. Today, in Q4, we end up at West being, let’s say a market where we sold 
67% of total volumes, in South, it has come down from over 27% to 24%, and balance 9% central 
largely in Madhya Pradesh and some parts of Chhattisgarh, that continues to be constant. 
In terms of our other consistent performance in terms of efficiency we gained, I mean there is 
not too much room left for us to further improve on our either power consumption per ton of 
cement or heat consumption per ton of clinker, but I think we keep making some small little 
gains keep happening all the time on a continuous basis. 
In terms of costs, I have already mentioned. You people have seen, but in that again one of the 
key elements that we have to remember is while pet coke prices have been softer and obviously 
our profitability has gained from that, the domestic coal prices which form a significant part of 
our total fuel basket because our Devapur plant, which is dependent on domestic coal from 
Singareni collieries, those costs actually have been going up rather than coming down. So, we 
have been able to achieve overall blended cost savings and fuel cost despite the fact that domestic 
coal is not quite in the same trend. So, I thought that’s an important differentiation to keep in 
mind. 
And power cost obviously with the solar and the waste heat recovery coming with the significant 
savings are there and they will increase. 
On freight, as I have mentioned, it’s higher about 5% over I would say same quarter last year, 
largely driven by the fact that we are shipping a lot more of our cement to Western India market 
compared to our Southern India markets which happen to be closer to our plants, and also some 
change over sequentially does happen due to some changes in the railway freights and incentives 
that become available and things like that. The rail dispatches in Q4 have been at 16%, same as 
last year in Q4, but slightly higher in Q3 where it had gone down to 14%. 
In terms of “Key Highlights,” again, I would say our efficiencies, our power mix that is changing 
our fuel mix management and most importantly our premium products share rising consistently 
in our sales mix is helping us I think in coping with the difficulties that the markets pose to the 
whole industry. That’s broadly I think on Q4, and I would say even the full year how that looks. 
Quick update on the expansion projects that we have been promising the investors for a long 
time: 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Last quarter I had said the public hearings had been scheduled in the month of February. Both at 
our Chittapur, Karnataka plant and Devapur, Telangana plant public hearings have been held 
peacefully and successfully. The files have started moving. They need to move from the district 
headquarters to the pollution control department, who will then forward it to Delhi for 
processing. I do believe that the clearances from MoEF may be held up till the new government 
gets formed in the month of June and new ministers get appointed. But as far as the groundwork 
is done, that has been done and now it’s a question of we being able to get the permission and 
frankly with all the public hearings and all the other I would say studies that we had to do when 
we have already completed them, typically it’s a matter of just a few weeks when the MoEF in 
Delhi starts processing our application receives and starts processing. So, I guess sometime in 
June we will try and get those clearances and then we can start talking about actual construction 
activity. 
So, I will stop here and wait for the questions that come up and I will provide more answers to 
the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My first question is on your opening remarks you mentioned that March has been quite brutal 
and gradually it was a declining trend. Is it possible to share some more or quantify a little bit in 
terms of how was March exit prices versus the average of 4Q in our key markets, and how has 
been April, have you seen some bit of reversal of these corrections in the month of April? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Well, offhand I am not carrying all the details with me when I am on this call, but obviously we 
have in the MIS, but most important part is that the reduction in price in the month of March 
went down to about Rs.15-20 a bag by the time March ended. And as you’ve been hearing about 
various parts, some people have said that in March, exit prices were the same prices that we had 
two years back. You heard about that. I think more important is in terms of how April has been. 
April because of very soft volumes, we did see some improvement in prices in the first two 
weeks of April, but by the time April ended, I think most of that gain over March have been lost 
already. And my own fear is that till the demand picks up and demand, as we know, April and 
even May is going to remain weak due to multiple factors, the most important at this time being 
the elections which are on, the migrant labor who actually forms the bulk of the construction 
workers, they go back to their villages to cast their vote, and when they go back to the villages, 
they don’t come back in a hurry, they take their own time. Second is, we are seeing in large parts 
of India, the heat that is on. It definitely creates additional challenges for the activities to be 
pursued at the required pace. The heat is also leading to some of the markets already feeling the 
pressures of water supplies and the water supply if you recall from past years, whenever the 
water shortages become acute, many of the district authorities ban construction activity. So, 
election, heat, water scarcity, overall put together, personally I am afraid that even May would 
be a soft month. Until the demand picks up, any noticeable increase in price I think is difficult 
to expect. But certainly, April is better than March I can tell you overall, in the sense that we did 
get about two weeks, and as of now also if we say our April current prices is somewhat better 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
than exit March because exit March was very poor, we are somewhat better in that but very small 
I mean maybe Rs.3-4 a bag in many markets. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
This commentary sir is more for the South market or both Maharashtra, South, across the region? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I think overall trend in terms of is across the region, South is a little more acute, but I would say 
the softness in prices in March that we suffered was across markets. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
You shared the mix of West, South, Central. I believe that was for 4Q. Is it possible to share how 
was the full year? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Full year would be, let me check whether I have full year number, I have to again look up, but I 
think when you are saying 67% West in Q4, the year as a whole also, it will be about 64%, 65%, 
maybe 2% more has happened in West compared, and that has been taken away from South. 
67%, 24% might be 65%, 26%. That’s it. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Any full year guidance on the volumes for FY’25? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Full year volume, I think we are dependent on how the markets behave. Q1 is proving to be 
difficult. If we talk to our industry colleagues, general sense is everybody is saying between 6% 
and 8%. Now if it is 6%, very poor, if it’s 8% it will be somewhat encouraging for all of us, but 
I guess always at least when we start the year we start with a lot of not just optimism in the 
market, but also in terms of the new strategies and what we are going to be doing. So, I would 
say we are gunning for a 8% growth. If the industry is talking about 6%, 7%, 8%, we’ll consider 
8% growth. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
On the expansion, so two things. One with respect to Rajasthan mines, have we started land 
acquisition there? And then on our South expansion you shared that June is where you can 
basically start discussing about construction activity. So, any full year guidance on CAPEX I 
mean I believe the first year would be largely announcements and ordering, so any sense on 
guidance on CAPEX for FY’25? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
All things put together I would like our Company to spend around 1,000 crores within the 
Financial Year ‘25 made up largely because as I said, as the MoEF clearance is going to happen 
around June, in the meantime, we’ll be obviously gearing up for completing our own internal 
work in terms of the configuration, the equipments and maybe floating a tender and getting the 
quotation in also so that as soon as we get the MoEF clearance we will start placing the orders. 
We will not place the order before the MoEF clearance is received, but I think rest of the activities 
internally we will be completing. So, as a result of that, at Chittapur expansion I would say 
around 500 crores of investment I would expect to happen within this financial year. Same thing 
there is progress with our, that in Sarni where we have been in touch with Madhya Pradesh 
power generation organization. The board had cleared the proposal, the energy minister also has 
signed it, there’s one little change in term that they imposed which we are negotiating, and we’ll 
sort that out hopefully in the next few weeks and inform the stock exchange. Actually, we should 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
be able to start some work on the Greenfield grinding unit in Sarni on the premises of Madhya 
Pradesh Power Generation Corporation. So, that will be another I would say 100-200 crores and 
balance will be divided. About 150 crores I have been saying would go towards the forest 
clearance for Devapur and again 100-odd crores for Rajasthan land acquisition. So, that’s my 
current I would say ambition to spend the money so that our capacity addition starts coming 
together in FY’26. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
So, we have not started any land acquisition so far, I mean -? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
We started the negotiations. As you know initially quotations come at all kinds of crazy prices. 
So, if you show too much of a hurry, the agricultural land being available at a crore per acre you 
have to be just holding your nerve and then in a small way start the activity because the first 
quotation is just frightening if you go by them and then that process is normal, every time you 
go through the same process. Have we acquired any land as of now? No, but we are in close 
discussions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Just on pricing what you mentioned is that the pricing fell continuously and what we understand 
is that even the price hike attempts in April have not been too successful. So, I was just 
wondering like where do we go from here and now probably a month down the line we will be 
staring at monsoon? And how do you think pricing should pan out in this context of a sharp 
decline earlier and now still struggling to take price hikes? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Honestly, when you say where do we go? As an industry we have no choice where we go. It’s 
all driven by the market demand and market supply. We have to take whatever it is. We can’t go 
anywhere. We are part and parcel of the cement industry. So, when your question is where do 
we go? I don’t know. We’ll be with the industry. We can’t go. See, investors can go somewhere 
else, not people who run the business. 
Amit Murarka: 
I want to understand your perspective, I know that this industry is everything, but I mean, Q4 
generally was a good quarter for volume and to the point that lot of companies reported 90%-
plus utilization and still pricing was weak, so which is what is a bit surprising to see. So, I was 
just trying to understand your view in that context, like how do you think it’ll pan out, and 
particularly given that monsoon is just now one 1, 1.5-months away? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
My personal view as of now is that expecting a price increase till about mid-June perhaps is not 
realistic. While the fear of monsoon peeking, it does remain, but Monsoon also has seen a pricing 
relative to that time to become better which is fine with us. At least if we start gaining over what 
we had in the previous monsoon, would be certainly a good sign and in fact, I didn’t know 
whether you heard in the morning, I was on CNBC and there also the same question had come 
up. I said look, when have we been able to see consistent trends in the way cement is priced in 
the market is our challenge is in this industry. And my question very simple is who could have 
predicted that the March prices will keep sliding as they did despite the growth that you 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
mentioned, who could have predicted, which trend tells you that in March the prices will be like 
this. So, for us to extrapolate trends has been very difficult. It’s more from the perspective of 
saying, so where is the industry and where is let’s say, likelihood of me being able to being able 
to expect some increase in prices. And all I mentioned is post-elections, post the government 
formation and currently I think the large consensus is that there will be stability at the political 
leadership level. So, we are hopeful that as the stability comes in and the government after the 
election gets back to normal course, demand should pick up. And typically again in March, it 
didn’t happen, but it can’t continuously keep happening the way March was. And that’s where 
the hope is coming, because March became pathetically low, and we know as an industry that it 
doesn’t help anyone. 
Amit Murarka: 
Also, on volume like generally last year volume was also supported by higher activity on the 
infrastructure side and mostly it’s expected that there will be some slowdown in that or at least 
the base itself is quite high. So, is it fair to think that the volume growth from here will be kind 
of mid-single digits or possibly even lower in the near-term or based on the undercurrents or 
let’s say generally the urban real estate pick up, which is there, do you expect that growth should 
continue to trend higher, so some thoughts on that? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
So, Amit, again, what I think all of you also have quoted the industry growth is likely to be 6% 
to 8%. We are definitely talking single digit. I don’t think we have heard even from the industry 
that the industry will grow at double digits. Even when we say, 6 to 8, the number of six itself 
tells you what the mood is, isn’t it? Because when did we talk in cement industry over next year 
how much should we grow by, 6%, it’s unheard of, so obviously the mood right now is a little 
bit somber. Let’s hope that post the monsoon, water availability, season becoming better and all 
the, let’s say announcement that we have had from our prime minister, assuming that he will be 
back in power, he’s actually being promising a lot more of activity and I have been in some 
forums where he came in, I am talking about business forums, he very clearly said wait till June 
and you will get huge, huge, huge announcement from the government to encourage the 
economic activity. So, we are all hopeful that those promises are kept up and we are able to 
participate in the growth. 
Amit Murarka: 
And the last question is in the Rajasthan plant. I don’t know, it’s already discussed, but any 
update on that? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
No, update only is that as you mentioned for a long time for some reasons the government 
authorities were not registering, the supplementary mining lease had been signed, but it was not 
getting registered which was coming in the way of acquiring land also. So, that is registered now, 
that happened during the Q4 and now that’s how we took very seriously started discussions with 
some of the large holders of land because if you start going to every small holder, it takes too 
long. So, there are a couple of opportunities of people who have large chunks of land. So, we’re 
in negotiation with them. Hopefully, we’ll be able to start closing them soon. But as of now, we 
are still in discussions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anupama Bhootra from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Anupama Bhootra: 
I just wanted to ask if there are any plant maintenance schedule and if yes, then when? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Plant maintenance is a regular activity which needs to happen every year. Are there any 
schedule? Of course they’re scheduled. They are the part and parcel of our running operations. 
And during the year they will be spread out. Typically, about 3 kilns which will need 
maintenance during the year out of the total four that we have. And they will be scheduled, one 
perhaps will be happening in the first quarter itself and after that there will be two more taken 
up more towards the second half. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Some sense on how the fuel cost will be in the upcoming quarters? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Fuel cost in the upcoming quarters? Look, as of now, I think the prices have been I would say 
staying a little soft and stable, both, we have not seen them rising in a hurry, but it also could be 
due to the low demand that the industry would have. In case the demand for cement stays low, 
obviously the clinker production slows down and that puts pressure on even pet coke prices. 
Domestic coal prices is beyond anybody’s comprehension to predict. The miners were largely 
public sector companies. How will they behave? But I personally think the fuel costs should stay 
benign during this financial year, that’s what my current reading and current hope is. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
And what about Q1 -- should we expect some relief in fuel cost? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
In Q1, we as a Company are going to be using the pet coke supply which arrived with us towards 
end of March. So, in the current quarter, I will be consuming the pet coke that I have already 
bought. Domestic coal price as of now are stable. I believe there has been a decrease over $10 
per ton of pet coke prices from the time we bought the coke and somebody ordering now. But 
the catch is somebody ordering now will not get the coal for four to six weeks, right, because 
they ship loads of coal coming in. Four to six weeks is the typical time-from-time you place the 
order, and you get the coal in your premises. So, my own sense is, unless somebody has ordered 
already 4-5 weeks back at a lower price by $10, that may come in for some of the players, but 
it’s all a function of how their fuel stock was around end March. We had a full ship load which 
had arrived. So, we need to consume that in the current quarter. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, fuel cost for Orient should be similar in Q1 like Q4? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Correct. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
On premium cement, we have our target to reach 25%. So, should we expect by year-end or 
maybe earlier? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
We already had done 22% in Q4. So, yes, definitely 25 should happen in FY’25, absolutely. We 
are very close to that. I mean we’re actually making faster progress than anybody expected from 
us. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Keshav Lahoti: 
If the cement prices stays over here during the entire quarter, should we expect a decline like 4% 
in this quarter QoQ? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Sorry, come again, 4% decline from the Q4 prices? 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Yes. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I hope not right, so that’s certainly not something that we’re expecting. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Because the prices have been weak in March also like, so - 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes, they were week in March, but April, some recovery has been there. You’re saying 4% going 
down from here. That’s a huge hit a very, very large hit. I personally don’t expect that to happen. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, should it more like 2-3%? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
That is pretty high. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Surya Nayak: 
One question is that due to the land acquisition things which is getting delayed, maybe the 
majority of the CAPEX for the current year, which is around 1,000 crores, could be aligned to 
second half. So, what kind of debt we see to come into books? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Debt is obviously going to be impacted by our cash flows and pricing and volumes, because 
obviously whatever cash flow we generate, we want to consume the cash flow ourselves. If I am 
able to spend Rs.1,000 crores on CAPEX in this financial year, my own guess is we will be 
perhaps around 600 crores of debt by that time is what my rough estimate is if things remain as 
we want them to remain in the current year. 
Surya Nayak: 
So, if that is the case, then obviously FY’26 we will be having a larger budget of our CAPEX? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes, correct. 
Surya Nayak: 
What would be the ballpark CAPEX budget for FY’26? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
If I were to complete these two projects, that is Chittapur complete commissioning in FY’26 and 
also the Sarni grinding unit coming up, put together that’s about 2,000 crores of CAPEX, right, 
out of which I am taking this particular with 600, 700, so that is about 1,400, 1,500 of CAPEX 
that should happen in FY’26 for us to have the capacity in FY’26 both at Chittapur and also the 
grinding unit which can support the Devapur capacity utilization more. 
Surya Nayak: 
So, next year, again we could be having a debt of at least 700, 800 crores? 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
At the end of this financial year about 600 crores debt, that perhaps could be even higher, but 
don’t forget, we do have a net worth today of close to 1,800 crores. So, there is practically no 
debt on our books as of now. So, even if you have debt our debt-Equity will be still about 1 and 
debt-EBITDA ratio will be just about 2, 2.5, I think, which is fair, nothing to worry about. 
Surya Nayak: 
But are we not interested to time the accretion of the debt to the interest rate declining scenario? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Look, I need capacity to sell in the market. If I try to arbitrage on interest rates and keep losing 
the opportunity in the market, I don’t think the shareholders will be served well by me. 
Surya Nayak: 
Another point is that are you seeing the interest rate scenario as the major impediment in the 
pricing because more of the OPC consumption is happening and that is actually not giving us a 
player like us who are focusing on the retail B2C side. So, that is actually creating an issue and 
because all the major players are operating at a healthy level at 80-plus, even you are also saying 
that you are also at organization level at 81%. So, normally it is seen that now above 75% the 
pricing powers generally comes in, but that is not materializing. So, what is your stance with 
regard to the interest rate scenario vis-à-vis the pricing? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See, I personally do not think that the interest rate has impacted cement pricing in the market. 
Even let’s say for the decision on when to put up capacity is driven more by strategic reasons 
than by the interest rates. Even at the current rate of interest, I think normally the expectation is 
that all very hawkish policy being followed by the monetary authorities, they should be able to 
get the inflation under control and then the interest rate would soften. My own guess is by the 
time we start borrowing from the banks interest rates would have started softening. That’s what 
my stance is. 
Surya Nayak: 
What is your outlook on the pet coke prices for the second half? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
My own guess is they would stay within the range of about $115 a ton to $125 a ton. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Nandi from VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir, can you please share the lead distance for this quarter? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Lead distance, we are just over 300, 310 in that range in this particular quarter because of more 
dispatches into Maharashtra, it has gone up by another 10 kilometers, maybe it will be in the 
region of 315, 320 in that range. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Like you mentioned, we have a significant huge jump of our premium sales in our total portfolio. 
So, what has led to that significant jump in our premium share like what kind of products we are 
offering which the other peers cannot like so as to increase our overall premium share in the 
trade sale? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Please, please visit our website, orientcement.com. You’ll see our premium brands starting with 
Dolphin, which is the most premium brand right now. That is a water repellent cement. Then 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
there is StrongCrete that we call it “The Forever Cement.” Just I did mention that our cement is 
approved for the bullet train, and for the bullet train project we have the approval for our 
StrongCrete just for information. So, if that good a cement when it’s compared with the OPC of 
other companies are strong it actually turns out to be better. It has its own unique properties. I 
don’t want to go through the full technical lesson on what each of the cement does differently, 
but obviously there is a very clearly defined user value proposition for the cement and that’s why 
the customers are preferring to buy our product despite it being very expensive compared to 
what cement industry expects it to be. But there is a good value proposition supported by us 
through our engineering consultancy services, and that’s the reason why more and more 
customers are buying our cement. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
So, what are the specifications required for this bullet train projects, like which you will be -? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I can’t convert this into bullet train specs and that you please go to the website, you’ll see them. 
That kind of question I can’t answer in earnings call, what are the specs that bullet train is placing 
for cement, how do I tell you that on this conference? 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Any grade I am talking, sir, if you can -? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
They obviously need faster setting time, they need much stronger performance from the cement. 
So, all those things, long specs they’ve been given, which I don’t think in investors call we can 
discuss. For that we will need to have a special workshop on technicalities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir, you said 23% is renewable. Was it for the full year last year and where do you see it going 
in FY’25? And also, what maybe some unit cost saving versus existing mix, if you can share? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Prakash, our CFO, is on the line. Prakash, do you have the number total renewable for the full 
year? Our full year will not be obviously as much, simply because our waste heat recovery 
system kicked in only in the last five months of the financial year. So, first seven months we 
didn’t have that, but Prakash, do you have the numbers, can you share that please? 
Prakash Chand Jain: 
15%. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
15% overall for the full year and that’s why the sharp gain is from the time the waste heat 
recovery kicks in. And this year, not only is the waste heat recovery, another, let’s say, nearly 
2.5, 3 MW coming in, plus we have more solar coming in, both at Jalgaon and at Chittapur. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Any medium-term target of the mix? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Medium-term, by 2030 we are saying we will be 50% renewable of total, including expanded 
capacity. That’s the target we’re working towards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Dhiwar from Tiger Assets. Please go ahead. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
What was our volume for FY’24 overall? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
About 61.3 lakh tons. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
As the fuel costs are muted right now as you said, so how are we looking at our EBITDA per 
ton? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Look, as I mentioned, muted, now we are talking about a scenario where the fuel costs have 
actually softened, and I have already reported significant fall in this year compared to last year. 
I have already mentioned that. As of now we’re assuming that the prices of fuel will remain 
around this level. Would they go down from here? It’s very difficult to say. There’s no trend in 
the market, which says it will go beyond any significant manner from the current cost. I would 
be happy if they stay the way they are and don’t get disturbed by all these geopolitical 
disturbances that are going on. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
By looking at the current scenario as you told not going down, so what EBITDA per ton you are 
guiding, or you are looking at for coming let’s say FY’25? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
EBITDA per ton is going to be impacted by two things: One, how quickly from June onwards, 
can the prices improve. That’s always the biggest differentiator as EBITDA is coming from the 
pricing of the cement, right. Then we have the internal strategies of increasing our premium 
product sales as a proportion to our total sales. So, that is one lever that we’re using. The second 
lever that we’re using is no matter what the fuel prices in the market are. If we are able to get 
more power from our waste heat recovery plant and from solar, that’s the other lever that we’re 
pulling. So, given our internal levers, I would expect a gain of Rs.70, 80 a ton on EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
The second last question for the day is from the line of Rajesh Kumar from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Sir, I wanted to understand what would be your clinker production in FY’24? 
Prakash Chand Jain: 
If I may say, total clinker production for FY’24 was 4.7 million tons. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
If I look at your CC ratio, this seems to be slightly around 1.3x. Do you see a chance of this 
improving from 1.3x to closer to 1.4x? Your clinker utilization is already 90%. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
It will happen with the B2C demand picking up. As I mentioned to you, B2C demand has been 
very soft for us at least in the states that we run our business in. And the only way for us to 
improve that ratio is by selling less of OPC and more of blended cement, right? So, certainly we 
want it because our consumer, the B2B business is going 55, 56 a fairly decent phenomenally, 
it’s happened only in the last few quarters, before that, we have always been selling more to B2C 
customers. Unfortunately, the B2C demand in this particular market that we service, in the last 
few quarters has been poor and that’s how OPC has gone up and the clinker-to-cement ratio has 
become adverse. We are trying to improve, but also it’s a function of how quickly the consumer 
market picks up in cement. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And this Chittapur project of 1,600 crores you had earlier guided the CAPEX size. Because of 
any these delays and all, do you expect this CAPEX amount getting increased and is it fair to 
say that by June, July you get it and 18 months you have guided it will take 18 months from 
there, so the project will be up and running early FY’27? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I would say before end of FY’26 we might target so that the first quarter of ‘27 we can get the 
full capacity after stabilization. So, our target would be the last quarter of FY’26. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
This MP grinding unit, this can be completed in one year, early, mid-April? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
One year is difficult, but fifteen months for sure we’ll try. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Year-end also you are targeting this. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Around the same time. A quarter here and there around the time Chittapur clinker capacity and 
grinding capacity comes up, our grinding unit. I want again, like I said, at least fourth quarter 
FY’26, our attempt will be in Q3 FY’26. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
So, just to understand, for the next two years, ‘25 and ‘26, focus will be only these two projects, 
Chittapur, MP? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Correct. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
The CAPEX would be spread out equally between ‘25 and ‘26? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
It will be little less in ‘25 more in ‘26. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
And most of it will be backended in FY’25 because only when you get the clearances in place? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Absolutely. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Any risk you’re looking at like in FY’24 our CAPEX guidance initially which you have started 
off the year with the thought of 1,000 crores, but we ended up just spending sub 100 crores? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
The problem has been let’s say, slow progress that we have had in these various clearances and 
right now it is hurting us at the Chittapur plant where I said the demand is a lot more than we’re 
able to sell from Chittapur. So, that obviously is hurting us now. I wish we could help it and we 
could have done better, but we are where we are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naveen Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
I just had one question more from a like longer-term point of view that if I were to take a five, 
six-year view for Orient Cement, of course you have already kickstarted the expansion at 
Chittapur and a grinding unit in MP as such. But from other CAPEX or a growth point of view, 
the priority is how do they stack up -- will it be Devapur or we will prefer Rajasthan or can these 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
two together go hand-in-hand, how should one look at a slightly longer five, six year point of a 
directional sense if we can get, that will be really helpful? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Naveen, it’s more a question of our capability to have the land in hand to start construction in 
Rajasthan. As you know, anybody who had the Rajasthan mining lease, the desire would be to 
put up the capacity first in Rajasthan because all of us know that we need that diversification of 
the markets for us. That takes us in northern markets and other more lucrative markets. 
Unfortunately, a Greenfield project these days, no matter how much we want to do it, will take 
its own time. And in that sense, even earlier when you asked me the question, I have the same 
answer. I wish I could get the land in a hurry at a reasonable price and start the construction first 
of all. Unfortunately, that’s not possible. 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
So, at least as of now, the visibility is, let’s say at Chittapur expansion - 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Chittapur, Madhya Pradesh grinding unit, Devapur and Rajasthan in parallel whatever we can 
do. But at the moment we are able to push Rajasthan, we will because we need to be there. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you. I think all the comments that are needed to make have already been made in while 
answering the questions that people have had. So, thank you for asking some probing questions 
again and giving us the opportunity to give you our side of the story fully. Always, thanks for 
your support and look forward to talking to you soon again. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
