 
Juniper Hotels Limited (Formerly known                  Registered Office Address: off Western                      complianceofficer@juniperhotels.com 
as Juniper Hotels Private Limited)                                Express Highway, Santacruz (East)                             022-66761000/1012 
CIN: U55101MH1985PLC152863                                 Mumbai, Maharashtra 400055, India                          www.juniperhotels.com 
                                             
 
JHL/SJ/2024/27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              June 3, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited,  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Symbol: JUNIPER 
Scrip Code: 544129 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”)  
 
In continuation to our letter no. JHL/SJ/2024/22 dated May 28, 2024 and pursuant to the Regulation 
30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on May 28, 
2024 for investors with respect to Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the 
Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2024.  
 
The Earnings Conference Call concluded at 06:08p.m.  (IST) on May 28, 2024. 
 
This is for your information, record, and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Juniper Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep L. Joshi  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Sandeep 
Laxmikant Joshi
Digitally signed by Sandeep 
Laxmikant Joshi 
Date: 2024.06.03 21:27:16 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Juniper Hotels Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARUN SARAF – MANAGING DIRECTOR, JUNIPER 
HOTELS LIMITED 
MR. VARUN SARAF – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, JUNIPER 
HOTELS LIMITED 
MR. TARUN JAITLY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, JUNIPER 
HOTELS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Q4 FY'24 Earnings Call of Juniper Hotels 
Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. We have with us today the 
management team of Juniper Hotels Limited, represented by Mr. Arun Saraf – M.D., Mr. Varun 
Saraf – CEO, and Mr. Tarun Jaitly – CFO. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. This 
conference call and this presentation prepared by Juniper Hotels Limited has been solely 
prepared for information purposes and does not constitute a sale offer or any invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase of equity share. The information and data which forms the basis of this 
presentation has been derived from sources that the Company considers to be reliable. Certain 
statements disclosed in this presentation or that may be disclosed over this call may relate to 
Company's growth prospects that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of 
applicable securities law and regulations. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance as they are subject to known and unknown risks which are beyond the 
control of the Company. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arun Saraf – Managing Director, Juniper Hotels Limited. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Arun Saraf: 
First of all, I would like to welcome all our investors who have participated in our IPO and now 
have become part of our community and all the representatives of various funds and investors 
themselves. 
This is our first Investor Call and please be mindful that the Company has been listed for just 
three months today and this is the First Quarterly Result, and we are also reviewing the first 
yearly result of the Financial Year ‘23-24 and going forward we are expecting a wonderful year 
in the Financial Year  ‘24-25. 
Thank you for participating in our IPO and supporting the Company. We had a very successful 
IPO and all our commitments in terms of usage of funds have been as per our disclosed in our 
Prospectus and other documents. I will ask our CFO to give you an update later in his 
presentation on this. 
We had a very good '23-24 and it was the highest revenue ever for the Company. We have seen 
growth in all across all segments and both occupancies and ARRs. The hotels in Bombay and 
Delhi have been very, very exceptionally good performers in this financial year (FY24) 
compared to previous Financial Year (FY23), we have been very much encouraged by these 
results. This trend continues to hold ground in the '24-25 financial year and we expect this to 
continue for a considerable future. No significant supply increases are expected in our markets. 
So, the demand will continue to outstrip the supplies, as also confirmed by many of the hotel 
sector experts. 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Hotel industry has been predicted to grow at 3%-5% in occupancy and 6%-8% in average room 
rate. Your hotel, (JHL) Juniper Hotels Limited, has initiated the “Juniper 2.0”. What it means is 
that we have recast ourselves as a Company which is now forward-looking with an aggressive 
growth strategy and in terms of both existing assets would be expected to have higher revenues 
and also we would like to be in the market to acquire more assets both in Brownfield and 
Greenfield opportunities. 
At present, we are now upgrading many of our facilities in our existing hotels and these will 
result in handsome increases in our revenue in the coming year and in the future. 
In terms of our commitments, earlier also shared with yourselves, Juniper will exercise its 
ROFOs as disclosed in our DRHP and RHPs; and we shall be aggressively pursuing a growth 
strategy to increase our capacities in different markets. 
We are at present focused on large assets in strategic locations. And large assets meaning that 
they would be large in size and scale having multiple revenue streams. 
I would like to now hand over to our Tarun Jaitly – our CFO to make the formal presentation to 
yourselves. Thank you. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Thank you, Mr. Saraf. Good evening, everyone. 
So, just taking on from what Mr. Saraf has said to, FY'24 has certainly been a very milestone 
year; we have achieved the highest ever operational revenue of 818 crores, that's 150 crores of 
incremental revenue and a 23% YoY growth. This is, as I said, been the year of the highest 
revenue for the Company. 
We have had a successful IPO; we have raised INR 1,800 crores in the IPO, pure growth capital 
and we have utilized 1,400 crores as of March’24 to repay debt and significantly strengthen our 
balance sheet and the consequent ratios. 
We are now very well set given the tailwinds that we see in the sector. We are very well set to 
embark on a journey for ‘Juniper 2.0’, which will be driven by organic and inorganic growth. 
As on March '24, Juniper had seven operating hotels, 1,895 keys with the revenue of 826 crores 
and 320 crores of EBITDA. 
Next slide (Slide – 4 of the Q4FY24 result analysis). This is our portfolio of assets. I would like 
to reiterate, we perceive ourselves to be big box asset owners and that has been the key strength 
for Juniper. 
Varun Saraf: 
This is Varun here. To give you a bit of the city overview, right, I'd like to start with Ahmedabad. 
So, in Ahmedabad, we added 59 rooms in Q3 last year. Initially, we saw strong demand given 
the ICC World Cup, but this has continued and we have seen occupancies maintain going 
forward. The manufacturing-led growth in the state has resulted in strong occupancies and 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
ARRs, which are consistent and we believe that the city will continue to show good demand 
going forward. 
Lucknow, another city where we have actually seen new demand generators come in. With the 
opening of the Ram Mandir in Ayodhya, an entire new segment has been created, the segment 
for religious pilgrimage, which has come in, and this will continue to drive occupancies at our 
hotel in Lucknow. 
Delhi: In our segment, there are no new hotels that are coming up. The next new hotels are 
probably two to three years out and we continue to see strong occupancy and ARR growth. 
Mumbai: Where our flagship hotel is, has seen some hotels come into the market, but that is in 
the upscale segment and not in our luxury segment. There was a slight softening of demand, but 
pace has picked up and we are well positioned for the coming months. New demand generators, 
which are fed by the NMACC, the Convention Center, which has opened up in Bandra Kurla 
complex, will continue to generate new business in the city. 
Next slide please (Slide – 5 of the Q4FY24 result analysis). So, as you can see, our segments are 
the luxury and upper upscale segment. And within these two segments where we are positioned, 
the supply will be limited and demand seems to be very strong. 
Having multiple streams of revenue has only boosted our numbers. This is something that we 
take great pride in all our hotels. The large big box hotels have multiple revenue streams and this 
has actually benefited us. Long-stay business continues to generate good revenues. With the 
increase in investment in the infrastructure space, we have seen a lot of FDI coming in and this 
has generated long-term business for our service apartments. Foreign companies that have 
actually sent their expatriates into the country especially in Delhi and Bombay have resulted in 
increased occupancy in the serviced apartment segment. 
Room business has continued to show great consistency. Year-on-year, occupancy has increased 
marginally, but the ARR growth has been upwards of 10%. So, as you can see, room business 
has been consistent and it will continue to be consistent. 
F&B which is 30% of our total revenue is driven by banqueting. Banqueting, we see going 
forward will continue to make good tailwinds. And keeping this in mind, we are in process of 
adding two additional banqueting spaces, one in Grand Hyatt Mumbai, which should be 
operational in Q3, and one in Ahmedabad, again operational in Q3. So, we do believe banqueting 
will continue to be a strong growth segment within the F&B space. 
Finally, utilization of our marginal spaces where we actually lease out commercial spaces will 
continue to generate good profitability as well. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Thank you, Varun. This presentation is on our website and on NSE. So, I will walk through this 
very quickly so that we can get to the questions and answers. So, from a key performance matrix, 
the key point to get out from this slide (Slide – 6 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) is that whether 
basis YoY for the quarter or for the full year, we maintain very high level of occupancies and 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
have still been able to add INR 1,500 delta incremental on the ARR. And that's a high flow 
through to the bottom line and that has been one of the key factors for the Company, we believe. 
And luxury space in particular comprises of Mumbai and Delhi, which is >74% of the 
Company’s revenue. So, on that segment, we have been able to increase ARR by Rs.1,500. We 
believe given the tailwinds in the micro markets and the performance of Juniper within these 
micro markets, we anticipate and expect that this trend will continue going forward. 
Moving on to the next slide (Slide – 8 of the Q4FY24 result analysis), Financial Performance. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis for the Q4, we have achieved revenue of Rs.248 crores, which is 
3% quarter-on-quarter growth and 25% YoY growth for the quarter. Adjusted for other income, 
we have EBITDA of INR 91 crores for the Q4FY'24 and adjusting for one-time items which 
appear in the quarter, we have maintained EBITDA margins over the last quarter. So, on quarter-
on-quarter, adjusted for one-time items, we have maintained our EBITDA margins. 
On the fiscal FY'24, Rs.826 crores of turnover is primarily driven by a very strong 23% growth 
in top line. Again, we identify as big box hoteliers, these are large assets with 23% top line 
growth YoY (operating). And operating margins have been very strong and have been 
maintained. 
On the corporate EBITDA, adjusted for other income, the EBITDA is Rs.311 crores, which has 
shown a 14% YoY growth, adjusted for other income, over the last year. 
We have a reconciliation on slide 10, I will move quickly to that. (Slide – 10 of the Q4FY24 
result analysis) So, this is the point that I was trying to enumerate that our operating EBITDA 
has been very strong and maintained. Juniper 45.4% and chartered 35.5%, these are operating 
EBITDA margins. 
And on the reconciliation from the reported EBITDA of INR 311 crores, there were INR 20 
crores of one-time non-recurring costs which were incurred in this last fiscal, adding back that 
in and also doing a like-to-like comparative because in FY'24 we had six months of chartered 
(CHPL), that's the Company that got amalgamated into Juniper as of September '23. And if we 
kind of add back the revenues last year for full 12 months of chartered versus six months in 
FY'24, that would translate into an EBITDA of Rs.343 crores in FY'24 against Rs.300 crores 
last year, which is a 14%-plus growth in EBITDA and a strong EBITDA margin which has been 
maintained year-on-year. 
Moving on to the next slide. (Slide – 11 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) On the balance sheet 
side, as I said, one of the key highlights has been the INR 1,800 crores of fundraise. We have 
significantly deleveraged our balance sheet, paid down INR 1,400 crores of debt, another INR 
100 crores residual is underway. So, we will achieve the INR 1,500 crores of debt pay down as 
per what we started out in the objects of the IPO. 
As on date, we have INR 1,400 crores of tax shield available to the Company and we believe 
that over the next two to three years we will maintain tax neutral status. 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Next slide please. (Slide – 12 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) This just gets out the transformation 
of the balance sheet matrices. Net bank debt-to-EBITDA going down to 0.7 from 5.7x and a 
significant saving in interest cost which is INR 160 crores which will be as a result of the debt 
pay down that we have actually paid out. There will be a further reduction in interest cost. We 
have replaced INR 416 crores of high-cost JP Morgan NCD just last month, with ICICI Bank's 
long-term financing. We have got 2% delta interest saving in that. That is going to be incremental 
to this. So, that will significantly strengthen our cash flows. None of this impact has been 
captured in FY'24 because we just started paying down the debt post-IPO. So, the full impact of 
this will be felt in FY'25. 
(Slide – 13 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) So, this I have already covered. We paid down 1,400 
crores. As of date we have INR 330 crores in interest bearing deposits. Of this, we would pay 
down another INR 90 crores of debt to cumulate the 1,500 crores debt pay down and the balance 
would be kept for growth capital GCP for growth capital for strategic purposes. 
On the ICICI Bank, I have already covered. It's a 2% interest rate delta over JP Morgan NCD, 
which we have been able to close successfully and that will also further help reduce the interest 
burden on the Company. 
(Slide – 14 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) Moving on to Slide #14. Key operational KPIs, 
manpower-to-room ratio at 1.02x is possibly one of the best in the sector. On the power units, 
we are still 22% below FY'20 despite the full blown capacity that we're operating on. 
On the guest profile split, we have still not reached the pre-pandemic international traffic and 
that remains a positive significant upside as we go forward and we expect international traffic to 
pick up which will drive occupancy and consequently ARRs going forward. 
Number of keys remain 1,895. And this will move as we get into the next year through the 
acquisition strategy as per plans. 
Varun Saraf: 
Next slide please. (Slide – 16 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) So, our focus continues to be in 
the luxury and upper upscale segment and supply will be limited in these segments. 
You might have seen recently a lot of projects are being announced, but those projects are still 
four to five years out. So, we do believe that we have a good headroom available for growth in 
the next few years. Furthermore, between 2019 till '2022-23, very few hotels were announced 
or taken up. So, no hotels or very limited hotels will be coming on line now. So, we are very 
well positioned in our segments to actually take advantage of the market conditions. 
Demand will continue to outpace supply as you can see Ahmedabad, Delhi, Mumbai and this is 
for the entire market. If you see in the luxury and upper upscale segment, the demand is even 
higher and the supply is even lower. So, this is all segments averaged out but within our segments 
we will still continue to maintain good delta there. 
Some questions that have come up already and I would like to address them straight on. We have 
been asked about the ARR growth specifically in Mumbai. So, to start with that, I would like to 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
state that Mumbai is our flagship and we believe there is significant headroom for ARR growth 
still available for us. The first step that we had taken in FY'23-24 was resegmentation, moving 
away from contracted airline crew business, moving to group business. This has resulted in the 
first delta that you see the overall ARR increase of 11% is contributed on that account. Going 
forward, we actually will be moving more away from the group business and focusing on the 
Transient. And in order to achieve that, we have already initiated the entire refurbishment of 
Grand Hyatt Mumbai, which all of you are aware. Four floors that is about 380 rooms will be 
refurbished and ready in operation by Q2 of 2024 which is basically in three months by 
September, 380 rooms will be fully refurbished for this transient high paying customer. 
Furthermore, our Grand Club, the lounge is also being upgraded to cater to this transient traveler. 
Two restaurants in the form of Cellini and the bar are also being refurbished. So, this 
refurbishment at Grand Hyatt Mumbai which was long overdue which has already been initiated 
and underway, will actually result in us being able to target the transient customer, adding to 
further upside on the ARR. 
Furthermore, we believe that we can also add to our occupancy rates by focusing on the 
weekends. Given that this is such a large hotel, MICE business has always been a good 
contributor to our overall demand. 
Weekends are usually low for transient and now because we will have two banquet halls. Since 
the second banquet hall will also come in, this will allow us to take in MICE business over the 
weekends as well as focus on the social business city generated business in the second ballroom. 
So, if you see what will happen is, we will be able to drive additional occupancy, additional 
room nights over the weekend, which will add to our occupancy rate. 
Delhi, we have already done a significant catch up compared to our competition set. Last year, 
we were trading at 0.78, 0.79 (Index). That's according to the Third party report ranking and we 
have already reached 0.89 (Index). We do believe there is further headroom here. In recent 
publications we have read and we have come to know that the Delhi International Airport, that 
Aerocity is actually going to go through a further enhancement; 6.3 million square feet of space 
is being added by 2027. This is 2.8 million square feet retail and 3.5 million square feet of 
commercial space. The next hotels to open in the Aerocity complex is still about two years out 
and we believe that these two years actually is clear space available for our hotel to take 
advantage of that. As you can see, compared to the industry, we have grown on ARR on both 
hotels and we will continue to do that going forward. 
Next slide please. (Slide – 17 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) Again, just going back, there are 
two things we would like to highlight here. So, the foreign travel is something that Tarun did 
mention on. We do believe that Q3 will see some leisure foreign travelers coming in and their 
gateway cities at Delhi and Bombay and both our hotels will be able to benefit from that. So, 
there is further headroom available there. 
And one general comment. Even with the ARRs the way they are, we're still at about $150. 
Reasonably, the $250 is the minimum that we believe that we should be able to achieve. So, 
there is a still $100 headroom, which is about Rs.8,500 available to us. 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Tarun Jaitly: 
(Slide – 19 of the Q4FY24 result analysis) On the growth projects and expansion on the existing 
capacities, we are adding a banquet which is a very high end space in Mumbai, which is called 
the ‘Showroom’. It's a 49,655 square feet high in space, which will become operational in this 
year. In the next few months, we will start taking in business. So, that will be a significant 
contributor for Mumbai. We are already undertaking a refurbishment of all the rooms in Mumbai 
and that project is also on track, already 180 plus rooms are under refurb and we should be 
completing the total refurb by end of September '24. 
In Ahmedabad, we added 59 keys, taking the total counts in Ahmedabad to 270. And I would 
like to add that, despite the addition of the rooms, the rooms addition has been really timed 
impeccably. We have not seen a drop in occupancy. In fact, it's benefited from ARR uptick in 
Ahmedabad and the business that we got from the Cricket World Cup T20. 
We have also added another F&B unit in Ahmedabad, high end local cuisine-oriented “Sarvatt,” 
which is received very well. 
And last but not the least on the inorganic front, we are pretty much on target on the various 
projects that we are working on to enhance the room count and in the overall strategy to make 
Juniper as the flagship Company from a future growth perspective. The projects are pretty much 
on track and we are confident that we will achieve the stated objective here. 
So, with that, I think we come to the end of the Presentation, and I would like to invite questions 
and we would be happy to answer them. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our first question from the 
line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, any update on the acquisition of ROFO assets, if you can update on the recent developments? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Hi, Prashant. Tarun here. So, as I said the acquisition strategy is pretty much to get for the 
promoters to utilize the ROFO available to them to get the assets into Juniper. There has been 
news flow which I'm sure that you have picked up, that indicates that we are in the process, 
things are moving as per plan and yes, I think there is that much that I can share with you… we 
will come back and share with you further details at every opportune time and milestone that we 
achieve. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Outside of ROFO assets, what would be our plans for growth on the Greenfield new asset side? 
Varun Saraf: 
So, outside the ROFO assets, which we are seeking opportunities both Brownfield and 
Greenfield. There are several opportunities that are coming towards, but we are evaluating each 
one at its own merit. We are not in a rush to go and acquire assets which are overpriced. We are 
seeking good value and each opportunity will be evaluated and taken forward. In terms of 
Greenfield, as we mentioned during the fundraise as well, we are still looking out for 
opportunities in new Bombay, in Goa, at the Delhi Aerocity as well, that will continue to be our 
focus. And as and when we have something, we will share with you. 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Prashant Biyani: 
As a vision, would you have anything in mind as to three or maybe five years down the line, 
how much keys you would want to have under your portfolio? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
The aim is to add 1,000 plus keys over the next two years, primarily as I said, driven by inorganic 
strategy. And while we are doing that and implementing that, as Varun said, we are right now 
actively evaluating value-accretive and profitable, developmental opportunities. At the end of 
the day, Greenfield development is the key strength for the Company, and we are right now 
actively evaluating land parcels, which can then be developed. We would have sufficient cash 
flows to fund these acquisitions of land and implement these projects out. I also have Amit Saraf 
who is the President and he leads the developmental effort with the company. Amit, would you 
want to add something? 
Amit Saraf: 
Hi, good evening everybody. So, apart from the land and the green field, we are also looking at 
opportunities which are available in the market, which had been in some sort of a problem could 
not be opened. So, we are exploring opportunities in different markets in Bangalore, Hyderabad, 
Cochin. And those are also in serious discussions. So, those opportunities are also available, 
which can be added over a period of time.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Mr. Jaitly, what will be the CAPEX plan for the year?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, CAPEX, we are talking about normative CAPEX, including refurb of INR 100 crores. So, it 
is not significant CAPEX. Most of it is already expended last year. And fresh CAPEX is going 
to be roughly INR 100 crores. The significant CAPEX for ongoing projects would be for 
constructing 300-odd keys on top of Grand Hyatt Mumbai. And that is something that would 
happen in FY '26. And that would be again funded through internal accruals.  
 
This number that I am sharing with you is primarily just the expansion enhancements on existing 
capacity. Obviously, there would be additional expenditure that would be done or investment 
that would be done for acquisition. If there is an acquisition that Juniper needs to fund, that 
would be over and above this.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, lastly, before I jump back to the queue, sir, the standalone numbers for us were a bit weak 
on a Y-o-Y basis for the quarter. Any reason would you like to allude to that?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, I believe you are talking about the EBITDA?  
Prashant Biyani: 
Yes.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, yes, there is, as I said, you know, when I was going through the presentation in the quarter, 
there is a one-time expense relating to IPO, which is roughly around INR 12 crores. And if you 
actually add that back in, there is a growth in EBITDA and also the margin is slightly higher 
than last quarter, you know, 41% plus. So, the numbers that you see are carrying a one-time cost 
element, which would obviously not be there going forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead.  

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My first question was on the outlook for FY '25. Would you like to share any guidance in terms 
of revenue growth or also on the margin side?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, Kunal, you know, the only guidance I would give you is that we would outperform the micro 
markets that we are in. I mean, at the end of the day, luxury and upper upscale is 93% plus of 
my key count, 70% plus revenue is Mumbai and Delhi. And if you look at the data, as on even 
the last month, on ARRs, we are outperforming what is the growth witnessed in Mumbai and 
Delhi as micro markets. And these again are large, large assets in both the cities.  
 
So, you know, growth would be healthy. We would outperform the micro markets there and 
would be driven by ARRs and maintaining occupancy fairly healthy. So, that would be the kind 
of overall theme that we see playing in.  
 
In addition to that, new projects, which is in Mumbai, the ballroom, that will add incrementally 
in FY'25. And also, we would see return back to the full capacity of lease rentals. They were 
kind of impacted because of the disruption that was caused as we were constructing the ballroom. 
So, these would be incremental additions overall to the revenue in addition to what is the organic 
operating growth.  
 
On the margins, as I said, ARRs are a high flow through. So, that would be a positive influencer 
for our operating margins. And you know, we believe that we are as of now outperforming our 
internal budgets for the year. So, that is a positive that I would like to emphasize and share with 
you. So, I believe that, going forward, we will see a growth which is in excess to the market and 
we would definitely see positive influence on margin expansion.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just to follow up on that, you said in your opening comments that the ARR growth in the luxury 
segment you expected to sustain. So, would you expect 15% growth that we saw in '24 to sustain 
in '25 as well?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Well, you know, so if you just look what is happening again, so there are two elements to it, 
right? And I am just sharing some data with you on Mumbai, and these are year-to-date numbers 
up to March. For instance, Mumbai ARR grew 5.5% and this is not just the Comp-set, this is the 
broader market I am talking about. And we grew at above 9% in Mumbai year-to-date. And as 
far as Delhi is concerned, it was a 14.6% growth and for Juniper it was (+22%).  
 
And if you remember when we went out and met investors, one thing we specifically said as a 
strategy is that one year ago we embarked on a catch-up strategy. We were not sitting at number 
one with respect to our Comp-set. All these strategies with respect to looking at higher transient 
share, also re-pricing airline business, for instance, I will share we increase airlines ARRs by 
almost 48% in Delhi and Mumbai since the last quarter or two. So, that will also help.  
 
And in addition to all that, you know, Delhi, the kind of tailwinds that we are seeing in Delhi, 
given what's happening in Aerocity, it's a significant plus. We believe that Delhi market is 
growing at 22%-24%, which will help overall here our trajectory. Varun, do you want to add 
anything more?  

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Varun Saraf: 
I won't focus on the percentage. I will leave that to you, but in terms of the demand, right? So, 
in Bombay, if you have to go back to the strategy, right? So, we went away from contracted to 
group. That was the first phase, as I mentioned, and phase two is transient. Phase two is transient, 
and that will be, we will be able to do that given the fact that we are refurbishing the hotel, 
repositioning it for that transient customer. Currently, that transient customer is paying higher 
rates across at the other hotel. So, we believe that the rates in Bombay definitely has an upside.  
 
Even in Delhi, if you see, given the fact that demand is strong and there is no supply, we believe 
that we will be able to keep the rates, and when demand picks up in the Q3 and Q4, we will 
actually be able to drive rates even higher. So, traditionally, Q1, Q2 is slightly soft, we all know 
from the industry, and the growth that you will see will actually kick in in Delhi in Q3 and Q4, 
where you will see that upside.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Just one more point I would add to what Varun said, just kind of closing out on this point from 
our side, Kunal, is that the 9% growth in ARR that I spoke about in Mumbai is with zero 
contribution coming in from refurb, with the refurb getting completed fully by the end of 
September. That will have a positive impetus. We will have a much more fresher product to offer. 
We will get the transient business back. That's a stated strategy and that would automatically 
impact faster growth in ARR compared to our comp set. I hope that answers your question.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
That's very, very helpful. Just on the occupancy side, if you can share a similar breakup of 
occupancy between Mumbai and Delhi.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
On the occupancy, in Mumbai, we have seen a little bit of flattening out on the occupancy as a 
market, but from our side, we have kind of maintained the occupancy levels in line with what's 
happening in the micro market, despite the growth in ARRs.  
 
In Delhi, the occupancy levels have grown 3.8% and for us, it's increased by 4.8%. And I would 
also add Ahmedabad, Kunal. I mean, Ahmedabad saw a little bit of flattening out of occupancy 
and we witnessed a 3.5% growth in occupancy. And if you look at the current month ARR for 
Ahmedabad, we have seen a 9% growth month-on-month in the ARR for Ahmedabad. When I 
say month-on-month, I am talking about the current month versus the same month last year in 
Ahmedabad, 9% ARR uptick. So, that's what we are witnessing as far as the occupancies are 
concerned. I think Mumbai will see occupancy hardening up by at least a couple of basis points. 
Varun, would you want to add more to that?  
Varun Saraf: 
So, our focus, again, going back to Bombay, our focus is to drive in weekend business. Weekend 
business we believe will contribute positively to occupancy growth and by adding this, so our 
strategy, overall strategy is to bring back transient business.  
 
So, we are taking steps along with the operator to actually chalk-out a plan for that. And one of 
the areas where we did notice was the weekend business. So, weekend being a large convention 
hotel, we are able to take in large convention related businesses which add to room occupancy.  
 
Over the past year, because of lack of banquet spaces, we sometimes let go of these large 
businesses because there was city-wide, city-focused social events which contributed high on 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
the F&B. Now with this additional F&B space, we can do both. So, we believe the occupancy 
growth will be there. At 80%-82%, I think that is how the market sort of, these large hotels sort 
of taper out, but given where we are, the occupancies will remain, if not grow by a few 
percentage points.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
And same will happen with Delhi also, or Delhi you think it's peaked out in terms of occupancy?  
Varun Saraf: 
I think, again, Delhi, right, seasonality. I think Q3 and Q4 will be very, very strong in Delhi. I 
think that it will be a very, very strong market.  
 
And please keep in mind, Delhi actually has zero, if I may say, inventory coming online, right? 
So, this will actually allow us to maintain our occupancies. And when demand does pick up, I 
think we will see that headroom. I think if I, please correct me, Tarun, but we did see almost 
90%-92% occupancy rates in a couple of months. This is extremely high given Delhi's situation. 
And we believe Q3, Q4, we would do similar numbers if we can take any sort of sense from the 
past data.  
 
So, I think on the occupancy front, we are very well-positioned, and we will maintain, if not 
increase, by a few percentage points.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Plus, I think, Varun, you would have mentioned that point, right? I mean, there is really no new 
capacity, meaningful capacity coming up in Delhi. And with the new development there, with 
the largest Mall & Commercial space coming in, in the micro market of Aerocity, those would 
also be additional drivers for business there.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, on the employee cost front, would the 49-50 crore run rate continue for the entire year?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, as I said, there is an element of one time in the current year and the current quarter. And if 
you strip that out, you will see a much more sustainable level of manpower cost going forward.  
Varun Saraf: 
Just to add to that, I will let you talk about the numbers, Tarun. But to give your perspective, 
Prashant, what has happened is, if you see, FY '23 was the first year after COVID, right? So, we 
were still not stabilized. '24 was the first year stabilized, where all positions across the operating 
hotels were filled, including new ex-pats, new specialized employees being brought in. So, what 
you do see here is an increase, definitely, and I believe this will stay consistent.  
 
The attrition rate has been high across the industry. So, to retain, there will be certain increments 
that will be given across the board. But again, in terms of the actual cost, the jump between 37 
to 48 crores that you see will not happen again. That's a one-time thing to realign with the market. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes. So, there is a large one time element there.  

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, how much is it ?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, this would be in the region of around INR 10 crores roughly.  
Prashant Biyani: 
So, now around 40 crores would be the quarterly run rate then. 
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes, even that as Varun said, right, I mean, we have kind of taken in as we, you know, FY '24 
was the first full-blown year post-COVID from an occupancy business standpoint, and to 
enhance the product offering, we did on board some expat chefs and managers and that is 
something which has impacted the cost of manpower in the current year in the quarter, right, 
apart from the one time that he spoke about. So, going forward, as the ARRs pick up, you know, 
you will see as a percentage of revenue manpower cost coming down.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, in FY '24, what was the crew business mix? And what could that be in '25?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Prashant, I can say that we have taken, as we embarked on the strategy of renegotiating contract 
rates with corporates and airlines last November, December, since then there has been a focused 
approach to renegotiate upwards the rate with the airlines and if there were airlines which 
couldn't take on that rate, revised rate, we kind of let them go. That has resulted in a 48% growth 
in ARR from airline business, crew business in Delhi and Mumbai.  
Prashant Biyani: 
So, just one data-keeping question. What would be the breakup of revenue within room revenue, 
F&B and others for the quarter?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
We have it for annual. Yes, so on the quarterly run rate, right? I mean, it's mirroring what we 
have done on the annual numbers, right. The room revenue is 48%-49% and your F&B has been 
maintained at around 30%.  
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, would you have the last year same quarter number handy?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
I can share that with you offline, Prashant.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sumit Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Sumit Kumar: 
My question is on the one-time expense. If you could just explain in a little more detail, what 
was the nature of these expenses of 20 crores? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, on an annual basis, right, I mean, in FY '24, as we detailed in the slide during the presentation, 
there is a 20 crore one-time. There are different elements to this. Majority, more than half of it 
actually, or almost 60%, if I can take that number, is IPO related.  
 
So, whether that's listing fee and IPO related expenses, including management incentives which 
are included in that, and then there is a balance which is 20 odd percent balance is amalgamation 
related expenses. If you remember that, you know, before we went into IPO, we got chartered 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
(CHPL) amalgamated into Juniper (JHL). So, there were amalgamation costs including legal 
duties and taxes and time duties that were paid. So, that's a broad composition of those one time.  
Sumit Kumar: 
So, just a small follow-up, sir. The employee expenses have gone up 30%. So, is that right if we 
deduce that it has gone up largely because of some part of the management incentives paid due 
to the IPO?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Correct. So, that is what we were discussing, right. I mean, there is an element in the current 
quarter and the full year which relates to manpower one time in nature. If you strip that out and 
also at the operating level, we have onboarded some expats last year to enhance the offering. 
These elements would, A, be on the operating side would stabilize as the ARRs go up, and if you 
take out the one time, manpower as a percentage of revenue should kind of contract a little bit 
going forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just wanted to understand on the Brownfield expansion at the Mumbai asset, when do you plan 
to start it? And by when that will get completed.  
Amit Saraf: 
So, it will start by FY '26, and it should be complete by FY '27. 
Varun Saraf: 
So, to answer your question, Kunal, preparatory work is already underway for Bombay. It's a 
long-run process because it's adding on top of the existing structure, right? So, the structural 
aspect, the MEP aspect is all underway. The actual construction, as I said, was FY '26. It will 
start, and it will be an 18-month window by which we will be able to construct it and get the 
whole thing open.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
And you mentioned about improvement in occupancies at GHM. Would you, in '26, you expect 
this to start, the Brownfield expansion? Do you think that will have some bearing on the 
occupancies and ARRs in '26-'27 because of the one that may go on there?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Tarun here. I would like to answer that. In our internal planning and forecast, we have assumed 
some disruption that this would cause as we start construction of the additional rooms on top of 
Grand Hyatt Mumbai. Not as much of an impact on the ARRs, but yes, certainly on the available 
rooms and occupancies, there would be a disruption impact, which has been built into our 
forecast.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
And one last question. I mean, when I look at the adjusted EBITDA that you have given in your 
presentation, that is post the one-time, of 343 odd crores, that's a growth of 14% on a like-to-
like EBITDA of FY '23. When I try to see this in conjunction with the ARR or the RevPAR 
growth rather, it's pretty much in line, right? RevPAR growth of about 15% we saw consolidated 
versus 14% growth. You tend to assume that there will be some kind of an operating leverage 
due to the RevPAR growth which will flow down into the margins or in terms of EBITDA 
growth. How should we read this? Should we expect that EBITDA growth would be in line with 
the RevPAR growth going ahead?  

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, you know, in our internal forecast and planning for the year, we have assumed that, as I said, 
we will outpace the growth of the micro-markets and at the same time, because it will be 
primarily driven by improving ARRs and holding firm the occupancies, you know, there would 
be in conjugation with new revenue streams coming in, like lease and incremental contribution 
coming in from the ballroom, etc., there would be an expansion on the profitability going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please 
go ahead.  
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is on, I mean, we have discussed this partly, but talked about like sort of 
growing or outgrowing your peers in micro markets, but how has been the ARR growth and FY 
growth in like first two months for the three markets you operate in? And what is the absolute 
growth maybe for market what you are looking at? Maybe not for yourself, but for industry how 
are we looking at for FY '25 in terms of ARR and FY growth?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Hi, Prateek. You know, I can share the YTD numbers with you, you know, year-to-date. So, there 
are two elements to it, right? As we were discussing that on the ARR, whereas the Mumbai 
markets grown at 5.5%, we have grown in excess of 9%. And this, you know, it will gain further 
momentum going forward as we have a much fresher product to offer because of the refurb and 
the elements that we just spoke about, right. The ballroom revenue plus the incremental lease 
rentals that keep on coming in are in addition to the ARRs, right.  
In Delhi, 14.6% versus 
22% (JHL). You know, this is a market which will continue to hold strong and we see this play 
out even in FY '25. There is no capacity coming in and if you look at all the data that you get in 
the micro markets that we are in whether it's Mumbai, Delhi or Ahmedabad, the demand is going 
to continue to outstrip the supply. So, that's the trajectory that we see.  
 
In Ahmedabad, there was an element last year where you had the ICC T20 World Cup business 
really shooting up the rates. But if you look at it on a sustainable basis, we believe that despite 
a higher base in Ahmedabad, we will see the ARRs in Ahmedabad holding firm. You know, we 
have got 9% in March, you know, over a high base in Ahmedabad. And we believe that's a market 
where again, there is not much of supply coming anymore. And we will benefit out of the 59 
keys that we have added and we believe that the ARRs will hold firm there as well.  
Prateek Kumar: 
And there is no impact of like this government machinery slowing down during elections, 
particularly in Delhi market. You said that 15% YTD growth in ARR in Delhi for the rural 
market. So, there is no impact of elections on this.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
You know, on that we will mirror what's happening to the sector, I mean, that's an impact which 
is on the entire hospitality industry per se. You know, that's not something which is unique to us.  
Prateek Kumar: 
No, no, I am saying is there an impact because 15% growth doesn't seem to reflect any impact?  
 

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Varun Saraf: 
So, the question was the impact of the elections in Delhi. I think the first part is whatever the 
industry is going to face, that's going to be across. But the other part is, given the fact that 
elections have been spread across these 2.5 months starting in March going on into June, I think 
the Delhi election just happened last week. So, what would happen is April probably didn't see 
that impact. May, minimal impact. We do actually see the elections. There has been some 
softening, but it actually did not impact it significantly, if that answers your question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand why have you seen a drop in the ARRs in the upper upscale and 
upscale segments on a quarter compared to Q3?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, if you look at the classification of upper upscale, we are talking about Ahmedabad. And if 
you look at the quarter-on-quarter, Ahmedabad is the largest asset in that particular category for 
us. So, that is what we were talking about. Last year in Q4, we had this entire ICC World Cup 
business with T20. Last year, if you remember the November-December period, we had the ICC 
World Cup. So, that had kind of impacted or created the high base.  
 
And if you look at we are coming off those high numbers, there is a little bit of ARR depression 
because of that. But as I said, on March, we have seen Ahmedabad pick it up and we are seeing 
a 9% growth in the month of March on the ARRs in Ahmedabad. So, that impact has got 
normalized and we are seeing now the growth in ARR coming back in.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
9% growth on?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, for the month of March, over the last March.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
And what about upscale? The ARR in the upscale segment has also gone down.  
Varun Saraf: 
So, in the upscale segment, we have Hampi, which is our sole asset in the upscale segment, and 
in that segment, we were undergoing a refurbishment at the hotel, which also resulted in certain 
disruption. But again, that business is driven by leisure segment, and that leisure segment did 
contribute. And also from the corresponding vicinity, we have a large integrated steel plant there. 
So, business is coming from there, but the drop is minimal, and we believe that this will be 
picked up going forward in Q3, Q4 again.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
And sir, your inorganic opportunities, it would be largely funded by internal accruals, or will 
you be taking on more debt, or maybe raising more equity?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Right. So, you know, from an inorganic perspective, we have, A, raised the GCP, which is the 
cash which we have got in deposit. In addition to that, going forward, depending on the size of 
acquisitions that we are looking at and the mode of acquisition, there may be a possibility of 
taking on some debt. But at any point in time, going forward, we believe that we will not exceed 
debt-to-EBITDA of 2 to 2.25.  

 
Juniper Hotels Limited 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Debt-to-EBITDA of 2 to 2.25.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Yes.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
And lastly, sir, how many keys would the ROFO assets account for? And by when? Any expected 
timeline on that?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Sorry, I didn't get your question. Could you repeat?  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
How many keys would the ROFO assets add to the company's portfolio? And by when? 
Tarun Jaitly: 
So, as I said, we have a plan of adding 1,000 keys over the next couple of years. You know, of 
the 300 keys (approximately) are additional rooms that will be constructed on top of GHM. The 
balance would come in primarily from inorganic growth.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, our short-term debt has increased vis-a-vis last year. Any particular reason for that?  
Tarun Jaitly: 
That is just a classification. See, what had happened is the INR 416 crores JP Morgan bond was 
due on the 10th of May. So, that is the reason that the maturity was 10th May. So, it got classified 
accordingly. That's now been paid out through a 10-year door-to-door ICICI loan at 9%, which 
is 2% below the rate of interest of JP Morgan NCDs.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Tarun Jaitly, CFO for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Tarun Jaitly: 
Thank you so much. I would like to thank everybody for taking time out to attend Juniper 
conference call. This is the first analyst conference call for Juniper as a listed entity. We are very 
excited that you could take time out to participate. If there is any follow on question or 
clarification, myself and my team are available to give you any information and all the 
clarifications required. Thank you again for your time and have a nice day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of Juniper Hotels Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for factual errors and clarity. Although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy in 
this transcript, however company takes no responsibility of any errors that may have occurred due to transcription. 
