 
Classification: Internal Contains PII: No 
 
 
April 04, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001.  
Scrip Code: 543398 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: LATENTVIEW 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   
Transcript of Analyst Call held on March 28, 2024 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst Call held on March 28, 
2024, post announcement of Board approval for Acquisition of Decision Point Private Limited 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.latentview.com/investor-relations/financial-results-reports/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours Sincerely, 
Thanking you, 
For Latent View Analytics Limited 
 
 
        
 
 _________________ 
 P. Srinivasan 
 Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
PARTHASAR
ATHY 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
PARTHASARATHY 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2024.04.04 
14:58:47 +05'30'

Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Latent View Analytics Limited - 
Decision Point Private Limited Acquisition  
Conference Call” 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJAN SETHURAMAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RAJAN VENKATESAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA – E&Y LLP, INVESTOR RELATIONS 

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Latent View Analytics Limited's discussion on 
acquisition of Decision Point Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And now I hand 
the conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta Investor Relations, E&Y LLP. Thank you and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good evening to all participants and thank you for joining us in this call. This call 
is to discuss Latent View Analytics signing a definitive agreement to acquire Decision Point Private 
Limited. The press releases have already been mailed to you and you all can also view it on the website 
www.latentview.com. It is also uploaded on stock exchanges. We would recommend to stick to the 
questions only related to the acquisition, that is a request and this is a 30-minute call, hence request to 
all the participants to restrict your questions to two per person, so that management can address most 
of the questions. 
To take us through the call today and to answer your questions, we have the CEO of the company, 
Rajan Sethuraman, whom we will be referring to as Rajan, and we also have the CFO of the company, 
Rajan Venkatesan, whom we will be referring to as Raj, to avoid confusion while doing the transcript. 
Rajan will start the call and he will be going through the update of the transaction, followed by Raj, 
who will share the financial details, and then we will open the floor for Q&A session. 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook for 
the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statements must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are included, but not limited 
to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual report that you 
can find on our website. 
Having said that, I will now hand over the floor to Rajan. Over to you, Rajan. 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Thank you, Asha, and thank you all for joining this investor briefing call related to our transaction. It 
gives me great pleasure to have this conversation with you all because in some sense it's been a 
culmination of nine quarters of effort, ever since we did our IPO in November 2021. You would all 
recall that we had actually set aside a certain quantum of funds that were raised through the IPO for 
inorganic growth opportunities. Since this is our first acquisition, we have been patient and diligent in 
progressing this, but we are extremely happy and thrilled to report that we have been able to identify, 
have conversations, and get aligned with Decision Point, the news about which has been shared with 
you all today. 
Decision Point  is particularly interesting for us because they bring phenomenal capabilities in a few 
areas, top of them being revenue growth management in the CPG space, and secondly, they have been 
also building a very strong Gen-AI-based solution that makes the job of consumption of analytics and 
insight very easy for CPG customers. CPG consumer retail is an important area of focus for 
LatentView Analytics as well, and it is one sector where we are doubling down on the investments 
that we are making and where we believe that there is significant growth potential. This acquisition of 

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
Decision Point actually adds a lot more expertise and capability, in addition to solutions and IP for us 
to continue that trajectory in terms of growth that we are anticipating in the CPG space. 
One very important point here is that in addition to the financial and legal and other due diligence that 
we have done as part of this transaction, we are also extremely happy that there is a great deal of 
alignment in terms of culture, people, capabilities, and values and I believe that that is extremely 
important in realizing synergy benefits both on the business side, as well as in terms of how we can 
run a more efficient business. 
We believe that the capabilities that both parties bring to the table are complementary and we will be 
able to enhance our prospects in the target market side that we are looking at. Decision Point already 
has a presence in Latin America in addition to a growing presence in the US and Europe. The 
investments that we have made in recent times on the go to market side in the US and Europe are 
going to be a fairly important aspect of how we'll be able to take the solutions from Decision Point 
around revenue growth management, as well as conversational analytics into those markets as well. 
Likewise, our capabilities in the area of supply chain, in the area of R&D and innovation are also 
exciting prospects for Decision Point's existing customers, and we will be taking this joint bouquet of 
solutions across these areas for new customers in the CPG space as well. 
So overall, we are very excited by what we can accomplish in the next two, three years. We expect 
that our CPG business will be even stronger and grow faster on the back of this acquisition, and it will 
contribute a significant percentage of revenue in a three-year timeframe. 
With that, I will hand it over to Raj to touch upon some of the financial aspects. 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
Thank you, Rajan. Good evening to one and all. It's in fact, like Rajan mentioned, it's a great pleasure 
for us to be on this call today because I think in some sense after our IPO, this would happen to be the 
next biggest announcement or sort of event in the company's history. 
So like Rajan mentioned, there was a certain amount of money that was raised as capital, which was 
earmarked towards inorganic expansion. And while it's taken us a good portion of nine odd quarters 
for us to get to this point, one of the aspects that we've been very keen on is not acquire a company 
just for the purpose of buying revenue or scaling, but it has to make strategic sense for us. And in that 
sense, Decision Point is a very strategic acquisition for us because one, they focus on the CPG vertical, 
which is a core focus vertical for us. Today, our CPG practice is close to about $5 million in revenue. 
We believe that with the addition of Decision Point, this business is poised to become the second 
largest vertical for LatentView after technology. 
Secondly, in terms of the company's financial profile. Just in terms of the way they've grown over the 
last four years, if you look at their last four year track record, up until the year before, they follow a 
calendar year, up until CY'22, if you look at their CAGR for the last two plus years, they were growing 
in excess of 50% year on year. 
The last year, which I think has been sluggish for most of the players in the technology, even in that 
year, they've grown at close to about 20% plus, which is pretty phenomenal. And that was one of the 
big highlights of the acquisition for us.  

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
In terms of the revenue for CY23, Decision Point clocked close to about $12.8 million in revenue, 
with EBITDA margins close to about 30%. 
 
In terms of their geography split, you will note that a lot of the growth that they clocked in CY20, 
CY21, and CY22 was on the back of the expansion that they were able to achieve in LATAM. But 
one of the, highlights for us is the US market for Decision Point in the last one year had grown from 
close to about $500K to about $3.5 million of the $12.8 million that we spoke about. So, the US market 
has grown exponentially for Decision Point, which, again, happens to be a focus market for us. 
 
Rajan also spoke about Beagle, the product. That's, again, a  very interesting solution and a capability 
for us, because we believe that it has use cases not just for the CPG industry. It's a product that can be 
positioned to several of our clients who are not in the CPG vertical as well. 
 
So, all in all, I would say, from a strategic standpoint as well as from a financial standpoint, Decision 
Point is a great fit for LatentView. And we believe that there are significant synergies, especially on 
the go-to-market side, that can be unlocked as we move ahead. And we really hope that the first 
acquisition that we've done will be able to add, one, strategic value, and two, also help each other grow 
and make the sum of the parts much greater than what the individual values would be. 
 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Moderator for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good quality acquisition. So, my question is 
around the margins. You mentioned that this company is operating at about 30% margins or maybe 
more. But if I look at the revenue per employee, they are probably operating at about $35,000 a month. 
LatentView operates somewhere near $50,000 a month. So probably LatentView’s gross margins are 
higher, but the acquisition that we've done, the gross margins seem to be a tad lower. So, the higher 
EBITDA margin is probably coming from the opex. Is that understanding, correct? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
Vimal, not really. I don't think that's an accurate description. While you're right on the revenue per 
employee being lower, you'd also have to appreciate the fact that we have a fairly large onsite presence 
where we have people sitting out of the US delivering work. And typically, the billing rates for folks 
in the US is probably two and a half, three times of what we are able to charge in India. So that for us, 
one fifth of the workforce that we have, or the billable people that we have sit out of the US. 
 
But in the case of Decision Point, almost entirely, their entire workforce sits out of India. They have 
a few folks in LATAM and maybe a handful of people in the US who are in delivery roles. But 95% 
of their entire delivery team sits out of India, which is why you will see that their revenue per person 
is slightly lower. 
 
Now coming to the gross margin profile of the business, I would say it's very comparable. If you were 
to look at the margins, just for the offshore business on a standalone basis without including the onsite 
business, we have very comparable margins, which are in excess of 60% plus. So very comparable 
gross margin profile. 

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
 
The profitability, to your point, on the fact that, is it on account of lower opex, specifically S&M? 
Maybe some of that is partially true, but I would also like to highlight the fact that Decision Point has 
a fairly large investment that they've made in developing their product capability. So, there's a team 
that is exclusively dedicated to building out the product Beagle. And therefore, that's a cost that they 
have to absorb. So, I would say, net-net, the 30% EBITDA margin profile that we spoke about, one, 
obviously comes from the high gross margin that they're able to realize. And two, they also run a fairly 
tight shop at this point in time But it's also a question of the current base at which they are. As we go 
along, obviously, as we've also experienced, when we've grown, you have to make investments in 
sales and marketing, but their current margin profile is not because of low opex. So that statement of 
yours is probably not accurate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Vimal, I'll request you to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is from the 
line of Hitesh from Steinberg, India. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good deal. My question is, if you look at their 
numbers, revenue more than doubled in FY23 and profits more than quadrupled. So just wanted to 
understand, was there any big order win or a one-off deal that happened that caused this? And how 
should we think of the current run-rate of the business? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
I think the result that we put out as part of the stock exchange disclosure specifically covers only the 
standalone results. So, what you will see is only the standalone results for the Decision Point entity in 
India, because they were a private limited company, and they didn't have a requirement to publish 
consolidated financials. But even net-net your assessment is right. Their revenue, like I mentioned, 
grew by 50% plus in FY23 compared to FY22. So, a lot of the profit jumping was obviously because 
of the operating leverage that they were able to realize, right, on the back of the higher revenue that 
they booked in FY23. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Hitesh, can we come back for a follow-up question? The next question is from the line of 
Karan Uppal from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions from my side. Firstly, if you can speak about the revenue 
growth management capabilities, which Decision Point adds to the table, you seem to be quite excited 
about it. So, some color on that would be helpful. And second is, what's the client profile of this 
company? Do they have large Fortune 500 clients? And any common clients of LatentView and 
Decision Point? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Hi, Karan, thanks for the question. You are right. We are really excited by the possibilities in the area 
of revenue growth management. In fact, I kind of alluded to it in my opening remarks. There are three 
areas that we are particularly excited about. One is the entire R&D and innovation space. And our 
smart innovation solution plays there. The second is supply chain management and related aspects of 
demand forecasting, on-shelf availability. And that is where our connected view probably plays well. 
The third area has been revenue growth management. In some sense, I would say that revenue growth 
management is top of mind for the Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Revenue Officer of CPG 
organizations today. And there's been a significant push even in the last couple of years on this topic. 
We believe that the RGM capabilities that Decision Point brings are really superlative. And they have 
been able to even displace larger consulting firms in terms of the quality of the work that they do.  

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
Specifically, on what it entails, there are three, four areas that get a lot of attention. One of them is 
pricing. The second is promotion. The third is assortment. For example, there is a lot of opportunity 
to use data analytics to optimize on all these fronts. And that is what the role of revenue growth 
management is in terms of how do you make sure that you're getting the right kind of inventory of the 
right pack sizes in front of the customers at the right price points. And using the right promotion. So 
that's the play really. And there's a lot of action happening on the front. So that is what we see on the 
revenue growth management side. 
On the customer list, very similar profile to what we have at LatentView Analytics. Decision Point 
has been working with large Fortune 500 companies. In fact, many of them are leaders in their space. 
We are not at liberty to share the names of the clients at this point in time. Maybe we will be able to 
do that later on. But I can give you confidence that they are all in the Fortune 100 list even. And very 
similar kind of profile to organizations that we work with. 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
I think you had one more question on whether there's any client overlap. So, there is no client overlap 
between us and Decision Point at this point in time, except for maybe one client. All the clients are 
unique. And in that sense, in all the clients, there's absolutely no overlap at all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
First of all, congratulations on your acquisition. I said that I'm very excited about this. Rajan, the last 
time we spoke on the Q3 Earnings Call, you'd mentioned in detail your three-pronged approach to 
generative AI. And specifically in the CPG segment that you checked. Now that you've acquired 
Decision Point, I'm assuming there must be some sort of strategy change with respect to how we want 
to approach generative AI. That's my first question. 
Secondly, the last time we spoke, you said we have about $650,000 in a single deal win on generative 
AI from some specific strategic customer. Now with the acquisition of Decision Point, how does our 
generative AI mix as a percentage of revenue change? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
I mean, there is no major shift in strategy as far as Gen-AI is concerned. In fact, if you remember, I 
had mentioned those three things that you alluded to. First is that we will be building core Gen-AI 
products and solutions, like the laser that we have talked about, an AI pen pal, for example. The second 
was to embed Gen-AI wrappers into our existing solutions and value propositions. And the third was 
to use Gen-AI to drive internal productivity, which we could then potentially pass on to even the 
customers. This was a three-pronged strategy. 
Decision Point's Beagle plays into the first piece of the strategy that I mentioned. Their Beagle product 
is very specific in terms of bringing domain knowledge and understanding in the CPG space, in 
particular, that allows B2B users of data analytics and decision makers to query their own internal 
data and the analytic analysis that they do and the insights that they generate, so that they can more 
effectively understand and apply them in their decision making. So that's what Beagle allows. 
So, it's very complementary and related to our strategy, but it is a unique solution in the sense that 
there is so much of CPG domain expertise that's been baked into that space. So, in some sense, it's 

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
very much aligned with our earlier strategy. Beagle already generates about a million dollars of 
revenue. So, with the addition of Beagle, our own Gen-AI quantum of revenue will go up. I mean, 
thanks for recalling the $600k plus project that we won, that I talked about. Since then, there have 
been more pieces of work as well that we have signed on. 
In general, we see a fairly significant uptick as organizations are transitioning from just talking about 
applying Gen-AI capabilities to evolving very particular use cases. So, for example, very recently, we 
are signing up with one of the banks in Europe that will help them use Gen-AI for generating analyst 
reports. I know that a lot of you on this call are analysts, but the interesting part is that the bank is 
examining whether the analyst reports that they put out on the stocks that they monitor, the first version 
of that can be generated using Gen-AI. And that's what we are going to be helping them with. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. Rajan, if you could just highlight what are we doing to sort of retain 
the senior management there? Will they continue in the same roles? How do we sort of integrate the 
senior management there with us? Are there any ESOPs that we are going to offer? Or what's the plan 
there? Thanks. 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Yes, the plan is to have the senior management team of Decision Point continue to run their business. 
But we are also planning, and we are going to be executing points of integration in several areas. So 
first off, Ravi Shankar, who is the founder and CEO of Decision Point, will come on board and he will 
become the overall lead for the combined CPG practice. And this is going to take effect immediately. 
In addition to that, we have identified one of our strongest delivery managers who used to head up our 
technology delivery to come in and take charge of the combined delivery of work that happens in the 
CPG space. In addition to that, there are other points of integration just on the business side in terms 
of the people we have at the front end from a go-to-market perspective, the client partners and the 
account managers. So, all of this will now become one CPG vertical for us right from day one. In 
addition to the structural changes and the roles and responsibility that it entails, we are also putting in 
mechanisms to ensure that this combined CPG practice attains a certain target by year three. So, there 
are earnouts that the Decision Point team will get based on how they perform at Decision Point, but 
there are also additional incentives that we are putting in place for the performance of the combined 
CPG practice. So, these are all things that we're going to be implementing from day one. 
Part of the consideration of this deal is also in relation to retention bonuses that will be paid to  key 
personnel. So, we are putting in all of these mechanisms in place to make sure that one, we are able to 
operate as one combined team, and secondly, everybody is aligned on the same goals and targets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arvind Chetty from Dymon Asia Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Hi Rajan! Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the good acquisition. Just wanted to clarify 
in terms of revenue, Decision Point is about $12.8 million in CY'23, right? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
That is correct. 

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
Arvind Chetty: 
Okay, because the press release that you've given indicates about INR80 crores of revenue? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
So, like I mentioned, the press release only gives out the standalone performance of the India entity. 
They are a private limited company. Because we have to give audited financials over there. And they 
operate in other markets, which are LATAM and the US today. And there is no requirement for us to 
do an audit in those geographies. And because of which the company at this point in time, when they 
continue to be a privately held company, they are not publishing consolidated financials. So, for the 
purpose of the stock exchange disclosure, what we've disclosed is the standalone figures. But the $12.8 
million number that we put out in the investor presentation is actually the consolidated picture. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Satyam Aggrawal from Yashwi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Satyam Aggrawal: 
I just wanted to confirm, when will we be able to see the consolidated number of both entities? 
Rajan Venkatesan: 
So as is customary in a transaction like this, we expect that there are, of course, a few condition 
precedents. So, while we signed the definitive agreements today, there are a few conditions that need 
to get closed out before we can formally pay out the consideration. And from that point in time, we 
will be able to consolidate the financial results of Decision Point. We expect that this process could 
take anywhere between 30 to 60 days. Based on the list of activities that need to get completed. So, 
our expectation at this point in time is somewhere in the middle of Q1, we will be able to complete all 
the closing formalities. And end of Q1, you may not get a full quarter view of the current. But Q2 
onwards, you'll be able to see financial results for LatentView as well as Decision Point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thanks again. Rajan, if you just highlight, how does this acquisition change our aspiration of 
increasing our consulting mix? Does it really change that or there is no change out there because of 
this acquisition? And you also mentioned the product capabilities for Decision Point. Would you be 
able to give us a split between product and services for the acquisition? 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
Yes, we can do that. I mean, so on the consulting capability, absolutely yes. RGM is one of those areas 
where you have a fairly significant amount of thinking and interaction with the senior most 
stakeholders on the commercial side in any organization. So that's something that we believe will add 
to our consulting inject capabilities in terms of just the play that we are making in that space. 
If you look at the nature of the work, the Decision Point has been doing in the area of RGM, a lot of 
it is fairly consulting oriented just in terms of the fuzziness of the problem that you need to go after. 
And the kind of iterative problem solving that is called for. So therefore, we see this as an addition to 
our consulting capabilities. 
Secondly, at this point in time, Beagle as a product is only about 5% to 7% of their revenues and the 
rest of it is all services revenue. But we are expecting that the Beagle product revenue will grow much 
faster in the coming years, and we are expecting that it could potentially reach somewhere between 
10% to 15% over a two-year period. 

LatentView Analytics Limited 
March 28, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajan Sethuraman: 
In closing, I would say that this has been a fairly intensive period of work for us over the last couple 
of years, ever since we did the IPO. As I mentioned earlier, we have been fairly careful in terms of 
evaluating opportunities that have been presented in front of us, not just in terms of data analytics 
maturity and expertise and solutions, but equally important from a culture integration standpoint. And 
we want to ensure that whoever we bring in, right, there is a great deal of alignment on that front as 
well. 
 
I would say that with that Decision Point, we are very happy that we have been able to find alignment 
on all of those different areas. Of course, the hard work of getting the integration plan executed and 
many of the synergies being realized still remains ahead of us. But based on all of the interactions so 
far and the commitment, passion, interest displayed by both sides, I am very happy with the progress 
that we have made. And I believe that we have the right foundation in place to try to execute well on 
this. So obviously, we'll have more to share within the coming quarters as we're able to execute that 
plan. Thank you all for joining today and wish us well as we begin this new phase of our journey. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Latent View Analytics Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
