 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED  
 
 Registered Office : 702, NATRAJ, M. V. Road Junction, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 069. 
Tel.: +91 22 6676 6888  |  CIN : L45200MH1995PLC094208 |  Website: www.rustomjee.com 
 
Date: May 18, 2024 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Script Code: 543669 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
Script Code: RUSTOMJEE 
 
Sub: Q4 FY24 - Earnings call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
We are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of the Company’s earnings conference 
call held on May 15, 2024 on Audited Financial (Standalone and Consolidated) Results 
of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.rustomjee.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully,   
 
For Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bimal K Nanda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No A11578 
 
Encl.: As above 
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed 
by BIMAL 
KISHORE NANDA 
Date: 2024.05.18 
20:20:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Keystone Realtors Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BOMAN IRANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. CHANDRESH MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. PERCY CHOWDHRY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJAL GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHUTOSH MITTAL – AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Keystone Realty Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
And I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh Mittal. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ashutosh Mittal: 
Thank you, Neha. Good evening, everyone. We have the senior management from Rustomjee 
Group for the conference call, led by Mr. Boman Irani, the Chairman, and Managing Director; 
Executive Directors, Percy Chowdhry and Chandresh Mehta, and Sajal Gupta, the Group's Chief 
Financial Officer. I now hand over the call to the management for the initial comments. Thank 
you. 
Boman Irani: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to our Q4 Financial Year '24 Earnings Conference Call. 
I'm Boman Irani, Chairman and Managing Director of Keystone Realtors Limited and I express 
my heartfelt gratitude to everyone joining us on this call today. 
It is a great pleasure that I announce the achievements of our company for this quarter and the 
full financial year FY24. In FY24, Rustomjee Group accomplished an exceptional performance, 
recording pre-sales of INR2,266 crores, which is a remarkable growth of over 41% year-on-
year, well ahead of our guidance of 25%. Going forward, we anticipate a continued upward 
trajectory in pre-sales, driven by a strong pipeline of launches and the unwavering trust of our 
customers. 
Beyond mere figures, our dedication to excellence permeates every aspect of our operations. 
Coming to the quarter-specific performance, we have accomplished an impressive pre-sales 
figure of INR843 crores for the Q4 of FY24. This represents a 37% quarter-on-quarter growth. 
Collections were strong at INR670 crores in Q4, representing a 48% quarter-on-quarter growth, 
and it stood at INR2,203 crores for the entire financial year '24, showing a growth of 18% year-
on-year. In our township, Urbania, we sold 139 units with a pre-sales value of INR191 crores 
during the Q4, and 585 units with a pre-sales of INR780 crores in the entire financial year 24. 
In addition, 550-plus possessions were handed over during the fiscal year. 
During the current financial year, we have launched six development projects with a saleable 
area of 1.68 million square feet to cater to the preferences of our diverse clientele across various 
categories. I am happy to state we have surpassed our guidance of one launch every quarter. I 
would like to mention that we plan to further accelerate the pace of our launches in FY25. 
Further, the addition of five new developments during Q4 with an estimated saleable area of 1.9 
million square feet has taken our full-year additions to 10 new developments with an estimated 
saleable area of 4.1 million square feet. This exemplifies our strategic focus on expanding our 
presence into promising micromarkets. In line with our strategy, a majority of our developments 
are in the aspirational and mid-mass segments, reflecting our sustained focus on these promising 
and high-growth segments. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
It will be worthy to note that we have added 15 new developments in the last two financial years, 
out of which 12 are redevelopments, which further solidify our position as leaders in the 
redevelopment space. 
The overwhelming response and inquiries from societies intending to undergo redevelopment 
promises a continuous expansion of our portfolio in the foreseeable future. In the ever-evolving 
landscape of the redevelopment market in MMR, especially Mumbai, our company has 
maintained its stronghold through a distinctive asset-light approach. 
Our 28 years of experience have brought us as a front-runner, as we are possessing a competitive 
advantage in this region, especially in the redevelopment space. As we navigate this segment, 
our focus remains on enhancing operational efficiency and consistently delivering unparalleled 
value to our customers. The trust of our customers is a driving force and we are directed to not 
only meeting, but surpassing their expectations as we continue to lead in the redevelopment of 
Mumbai. 
In terms of completion, we take pride in the successful delivery of 4.65 million square feet of 
construction area in FY 2024 across 12 buildings. This is the highest ever completion in any 
year for the company so far. Given our strong collections, the company has generated an OCF, 
an operating cash flow, of INR643 crores in FY 2024. This, as compared to the INR459 crores 
in FY 2023, shows a 40% year-on-year growth. 
Our investment in new developments during this year has also been doubled to INR389 crores. 
With the increased spends on investment in these new developments, we continue to build a 
robust pipeline ready for launch. Moving to the consolidated key financial numbers, the revenue 
for FY 2024 stands at INR2,222 crores as compared to the INR686 crores in FY 2023, which 
signifies a multifold growth. The EBITDA and PAT for FY 2024 stood at INR163 crores and 
INR112 crores respectively. 
EBITDA margins for FY 2024, net of the legacy projects, are 19%. PAT for FY 2024 has grown 
by 37%. It is with great pride I say that we were recognized by the Times of India for iconic real 
estate marketing innovation and campaign for our development to Rustomjee Seasons. 
Our digital strategy changed to a full-funnel approach at top mid and bottom resulted in an 
increase of 60% in our walk-ins. With respect to the gross debt, it stands at INR765 crores and 
the gross debt-to-equity ratio is 0.43 is to 1 at the end of FY'24. This is well within our guidance 
of debt-equity ratio of 1 is to 1. The net debt stands at INR359 crores and the net debt-to-equity 
ratio stands at 0.2 is to 1 at the end of FY'24.  
I close by saying that FY'24 has proven to be an eventful year for our company. It has been 
marked by notable achievements across all key performance parameters. Our performance 
metrics have surpassed the guidance in most of the parameters set by us. This positions our 
company at an inflection point, marking an era of significant growth.  
I am delighted to announce our sustained and robust performance and we remain confident in 
our ability to deliver substantial value to our stakeholders, positioning ourselves as one of the 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
most sought-after real estate developers. I once again express gratitude to my team and all of 
you for your steadfast support and trust in Keystone Realtors Ltd. 
With this, we can now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Murtuza from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Murtuza: 
Hi Boman. Hi Sajal. Just to understand on the margin pace, could you elaborate? You mentioned 
that the margins adjusted for certain legacy projects are about 19%. Two things, if you could 
just elaborate a little more on what the legacy projects are and when should we start seeing the 
effect of them completely go away so the reported margins reflect what your real underlying 
margins are?  
Number two, is there are any other adjustments? I do see the interest cost piece which you've 
put as an asterisk, so that's the only other adjustment that we are doing. If you could help us 
understand? And generally what is the targeted margins that you look at when you look at new 
projects, ex of the legacy projects, so on that margin profile piece? 
The second is, if you could identify, I missed it in Boman's opening remarks, but if you could 
give us a sense of what is the targeted launch pipeline sales trajectory, if you want to give any 
guidance on for the coming years, some of the companies, it appears that have given some sort 
of sales guidance? 
Boman Irani: 
Hello, Murtuza. Thank you very much for those questions. Let me start off by saying that in the 
last earnings call also we had mentioned that this year we'll see the last of the legacy projects 
and those will be completed in FY'25. With regards to the rest of your questions, I'll let Sajal 
take them and he can run you through the numbers directly. 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, Murtuza, some of the projects which have been completed in these years, especially the 
Crown, you know that Crown we have completed two towers, Tower A and Tower B. Tower A 
towards the start of this year and Tower B towards the end of this year in the last quarter. And 
all of that sales has got accounted for now. 
As you know that this project was originally designed and envisaged to be a DM project. So per 
se, the margins were always supposed to be in the region of 10%, 12% to start with. And with a 
lot of changes happening, so this is one project which is having an impact on the margins 
trajectory for the year. 
Similarly, we have one one more project which has got completed during the years and the sale 
has been accounted for. So ex of these projects are adjusted EBITDA which means that if I take 
the interest element completely out on the other projects, it's close to about 23%.  
The second part of your question that is it the last basically year in which the effect of the legacy 
project is there. I guess that it will be one year more where this impact will be there because in 
Crown we have completed two towers. Some amount of sales have yet to take place on those 
two towers, but of course they are going to contribute to the margins. But we are going to have 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
a completion of the third tower towards the end of this financial year or in the next financial 
year. 
So all of that sales will be coming, so that may still have an impact or a color on the lower 
margins in line with what I just stated in the Tower A and Tower B. Beyond that, we do not have 
any other legacy project which may have an impact on the margins going forward.  
Regarding your questions that ex of these projects that how the margin trajectory looks like, we 
work on the gross margins of 35%. When we say 35%, it is a basket of projects that we are 
speaking on the gross margins. Of course, on the premium, super premium, the margins are 
better than the average margins. And on the aspirational -- not aspirational, on the mid-mass and 
affordable, it is on the lower end basically. 
But on the whole, it is about 35%. About 10% is the soft cost that brings the EBITDA margins 
to about 25%. About 4% to 5% is the interest burden, which takes the profit before tax at about 
20%. So going forward, the PBT, ex of the impact to the account that I said basically the last 
tower is yet to complete, we can expect the PBT to be in the region of 20%. 
Murtuza: 
And any guidance on the quantum of launches or sales that you are targeting for FY'25? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So I think Boman has mentioned in his opening remarks that we are preparing ourselves to 
enhance the pace of the launches much beyond what we have done in the last year. Of course, 
in the last year also, we have done better than the guidance. We have given a guidance of one 
launch one quarter per quarter and as against that, we have done six launches with a total 
estimated value at around INR3,000 crores of those launches. 
In the coming year, we feel that we will be able to do much better than that because the amount 
of business development work that we have done over the last two years, that is in FY'23 and 
FY'24, in total we have added 15 projects. The total area which has been added in this 15 projects 
is close to about 5.5 million square feet. The expected realization from these projects was close 
to about, it should be basically ahead of INR12,000 crores, INR13,000 crores. 
In terms of business development, this year there is a three-fold increase. Last year, we added 
1.4 million square feet, five projects. This year, we have added 10 projects with a 4.1 million 
square feet. A good amount of work has gone into these projects as you know that there is some 
gestation between the project additions to the project launch which is roughly about 12-15 
months depending on the complexity of projects. So, all of these projects and our pipeline earlier 
enables us to increase the pace of launches in the FY ‘25. We feel that we should be launching 
more close to about two projects every quarter. 
 
So, that is going to give us the enhanced ability in terms of adding the sales. The expected launch 
during the next year is in addition to 3 million square feet and we will increase the pace from 
one project per quarter to about two projects per quarter. That is what we are looking at. 
Murtuza: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Krish: 
Hi, good evening. There is one question from my side. Just wanted to know how each segments 
are doing especially in the mid and mass segment? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, mid and mass segment out of the 10 projects, we have 7 projects, we have added seven 
projects in mid and mass segment in line with our strategy to increase our presence into the 
segment. 87% of the total area added is into the mid and mass segment. So, this all continues in 
line with our strategy that we have been focusing upon ever since we have gone public and that 
is what we have been spelling out as our strategy. So, that is the kind of presence that we are 
building into the mid-mass operational segment. 
Krish: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One-Up Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, a few questions from my end. Sir, firstly, you mentioned that OCF in FY ‘24 was INR643 
crores in FY ‘24. Did I hear it right? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. Yes, Ritwik. Thank you for asking this. Yes, you have heard it absolutely right. It is INR643 
crores as against the INR458 crores in FY ‘23. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. Okay. And would it be possible to share what is the interest outflow for Q4 FY ‘24 and 
the pre-interest OCF for Q4 FY ‘24? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. Just give me a second. So, the interest outflow for the quarter 4 is INR24 crores - INR25 
crores rather. And the total interest outflow for the year is INR65 crores.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sure. And what would be the OCF for Q4 FY ‘24? 
Sajal Gupta: 
OCF for the Q4 is INR288 crores. And if I take out the interest, then it is INR264 crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Got it. Okay. And so, on the inventory left in Crown, the second question is on the Crown project. 
So, what is the inventory left in Crown for Tower C? Tower A and B, you mentioned that it is 
50,000 square feet. So, Tower C, what is the inventory left in Crown? And what were the Crown 
sales in Q4 FY ‘24 and FY ‘24, if you can provide that as well? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, the total inventory left in the Crown is close to about 1,90,000 square feet, about 1,40,000, 
1,50,000. So, give me a second - So, the total inventory left in the Crown is Tower C is 0.6 
million square - total saleable area 0.2 million square feet, the 2 lakh square feet. The total 
inventory which is left to be sold in the Crown in Tower C is about 2 lakh square feet. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. And 50,000 square feet in tower, first two towers, A and B, right? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So, the total inventory is 2 and a half lakh square feet in Crown project, cumulatively? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. And what would be the sales in Q4?  
Sajal Gupta: 
It is less than that. What is left basically into C, we have said basically is the 1,50,000, right? In 
the C, we have said 1,50,000 and 50,000, so about 2 lakh square feet, right? 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Total is 2 lakh square feet. Sure. Okay. And so, what would the sales be in Q4 FY ‘24 and if you 
can help with that? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. So, just give me a second. So, the quarter 4 Crown sales is INR264 crores. And you asked 
that what is the full year sales? 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. 
Sajal Gupta: 
The full year sales is INR466 crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So, bulk of the sales has happened in Q4 itself. 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. You know that we have done more than INR850 crores in the quarter 4 and out of that 
INR850 crores, Crown has contributed about INR260 crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. So, what could be the reason for this bump up in sales and can we expect this trajectory 
to continue for FY ‘25 as well? 
Boman Irani:  
Ritwik, just to answer that question, we have got the OCs of Tower A and B as late as November 
and I think February, if I am not mistaken, and that is what led to the bump up of the sales 
because people always wait for the OC to come. And now that we have got OC finished up, 
there is a lot more confidence in the project. People are coming and viewing all the amenities 
that have been completed. There are families that have moved in over there. All of this usually 
leads to a lot more confidence in the project. And of course, the word of mouth that comes are 
the people that are living out there also help in keeping a very high sales interest. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. So, could we look at this liquidation of the Crown in the next 2-3 years? Is that what we 
are aiming for? 
Boman Irani: 
That is the target, Ritwik. We have a lot more walk-ins happening because of the fact like I 
mentioned to you that people have started living in those towers. So when people live there, 
there are some invites or invitees who come there. 
They look at what was being developed out there. We are hosting events for our new entrants 
into the building. All of this is leading to a lot more knowledge about the project amongst the 
people that would be our buyers. 
And we are seeing a lot more repeat customers that is encouraging us to believe that we should 
be able to liquidate all the inventory we have over there within the next year and a half or two. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
That is great. So, my next question is on the launches and the business development. If we look 
at the business development as you mentioned the GDV in last 2 years is about INR12,000 crores 
to INR13,000 crores that we have amassed in these 15 projects. So, would it be fair to assume 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
that we would like to launch all these projects within next 24 months INR5,000 crores to 
INR6,000 crores per year of launches. Could that be a reasonable assumption? 
Boman Irani: 
So, between acquisition of a project and launch it is roughly about 13 months like I have 
explained earlier as well, but not all projects get launched within the 13 months period because 
some of them have a higher gestation being larger projects. Add to this there is already an 
inventory that we have ongoing launches of projects that we have taken up and those will keep 
coming in the pipeline. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sure. And just one final question from my end. On the business development front, we have 
spent quite a lot say INR390 crores in FY24? So, what could that trajectory be in FY25? 
Sajal Gupta: 
That trajectory Ritwik is going to further accelerate because we are not going to only spend on 
the projects that we have added, but on the new projects as well. As I said that we have added 
15 projects in the last 2 years whatever we have added in the FY23 most of them will be coming 
up for the launches in this year and some of the projects that we have added in the FY24 also 
some of those basically will come up for the launches in the FY25.  
So, we will be spending our money in terms of our approvals, in terms of our rentals, corpus, 
stamp duty etc. So, the pace of spend on the new projects is going to only accelerate from what 
we have spent in the last year. Last year we have spent as you rightly said is about INR389 
crores. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sure. And just one last question sorry one clarification rather the INR643 crores of OCF it is for 
our share in net of all the JV, JDA? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So look we have a different type of projects. We have projects where there is an area share like 
redevelopment projects it is 100% for our share. The other projects like where we have a partner 
share if we have actually paid out the partner then basically it is an outflow. And if we have 
actually received, for example, Thane is a joint venture and we periodically get the cash from 
there. So, in the OCF what we count is only our share basically of the cash. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So, basically it is our share. That's it from my side. All the best and thank you.  
Boman Irani: 
Thank you, Ritwik. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for taking my question. First one is on the outright project margin. So, we have seen a 
couple of outright land being added. Would you expect the margin profile of those outright 
projects to be different than the blended margins at the company level or would it fall in that 
same trajectory? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So you know our business model. Our business model is generally the asset light model wherein 
our endeavour is always to keep the initial investment into a project around 10% of the total 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
GDV of the project. So, that's our business model. All our redevelopment, all our JDAs, all our 
JVs qualify and fit it into this philosophy of the business model. 
Yes, you are right that we have done a couple of projections of the outright purchase and 
obviously when we take that kind of a business goal to take an outright purchase we expect 
slightly better margins as compared to our regular margins. That's the way we would like to 
continue. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
What kind of margins do you expect from those two projects? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, if I say our average margin is 35% and assume basically that we are not getting into the 
categorization of the project then obviously the outright project we expect at least 5% more 
margins. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Second is on the timelines or gestation period that you mentioned on call, I think a couple of 
times, are you seeing some delay in terms of that gestation period especially Boman mentioned 
about some larger projects taking time, but since there's so much redevelopment happening and 
many, many new players also putting that full bet on redevelopment.  
There might be delay because of buyer's expectation of getting a higher - I mean existing tenant’s 
expectations of getting a higher share of area in new development. So, is that leading to a little 
bit of delay in terms of timeline or how you see that? 
Boman Irani: 
Pritesh that's a very good question. Basically, we are very happy with the number of developers 
getting into the redevelopment of making Mumbai a better and brighter city through 
redevelopment itself. The reason I say this is because the more people do redevelopment, the 
better it is for the entire market itself and there's a lot more acceptance. 
But the question about the delays, these delays can take place in the pre-bid in the sense when 
the project is being put out over there for redevelopment, tenders are called for a PMC is 
appointed, they kind of go through the entire all the offers received.  
Yes, it's true that tenants or existing residents are expecting a higher amount of area and their 
corpus and rent, but all of this generally is taken into consideration before choosing the developer 
and before choosing a developer it is only a tender or a bidding process and sometimes these 
processes in our experience take a very long time and we do not have an option other to wait 
because till such time as the developer is chosen there really is no investment other than time 
and energy into those projects and dealing with the existing members, expressing to them the 
advantages of redevelopment. 
 
And of course, the PMC interacts with each one over design. So that is what we do. But once 
we are chosen as a developer for a particular project, therefrom we try and close the gap to 
launch in about 13 months, unless it's a project that we take up in phases, which is large in size, 
and or projects with requirements to go to environment, then to go to CRZ clearances, etc. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
And sometimes civil aviation, which could take a slightly longer period than planned. But again, 
all these are estimated for when quoting for the project itself. And it's never hindsight. It's never 
done like, in the future that we find out that there was something that was missed out. 
 
And primarily, we can thank our experience that we have with redevelopment and our long 
standing, business of redevelopment that we've been doing, where we are able to anticipate 
accurately the time as well as the cost that is envisaged for a project, which we are taking up. 
Sometimes we also see that projects go at unbelievably, high, I would say returns to the existing 
members. We will wait and watch to see how those projects perform. 
 
And understand if there was anything that we missed out. But it is our understanding today that 
maybe there is an over exuberance on the part of the incoming bidder to make a bid that is way 
too high compared to what we have envisaged the project to be in. In those cases, we are very 
happy to let those projects continue to go to developers who may have bid for them. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, that's very helpful. And just on business development, you covered it briefly in last 
question, but considering that you have already acquired 4 million square feet last year, which 
is, higher than usually what you target for which is, two times of the sales that you have been 
doing that you're doing that year, would next year be slow on business development and focus 
would be on, launching these 15 projects that we had signed up in last, last two years, or as a 
process, we will continue to look for, business development as it comes and focus on building 
the pipeline as well. 
Boman Irani: 
So Pritesh that is such a good question, because internally, even in our board meeting, and we've 
got a very strong board that continuously asks us these questions, and we are forced to think and 
rethink on what it is that, we should be doing. But to answer your question, there are two 
different, absolutely different teams, those that do the BD and or those that do the execution. 
 
Of course, each company should watch which areas they are in, and what is the kind of BD 
exercise garnering in terms of projects itself. So if you can, if I can say this to you in a manner 
that, we can all understand, I think we are getting more and more selective of the kind of projects 
that we will acquire as we go ahead, because you're right, we are blessed to have a good amount 
of inventory that we have garnered. 
 
At the same point of time, we are also definitely interested in not letting go projects, which 
would fit our bill of development, or where we can create what is called the magic that 
Rustomjee brings to the table and be able to add value to the development. Further, there are 
geographies, Mumbai has many micro markets, there are geographies that we continually wish 
to hold a dominant position in, and geographies where we will go ahead as an exploratory 
developer to explore the potential that those geographies can give us. 
 
So, all in all, I don't know if it was a very simple answer to your question, but it is a very 
interesting question, and we time and again are evaluating and we share with our existing 
partners, with our board, and with professionals in the business, and we are keeping a very tight 
watch on all the reports that keep coming out from the various, agencies that are talking about 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
various micro markets, and we are very watchful about the velocity that these markets are putting 
out. 
 
We believe the western markets are extremely strong, western suburb markets are extremely 
strong, and given the infrastructure push, we also believe that the city, Sobo market, which for 
a very long time was not very vibrant, has developed a flavour of vibrancy, and we will continue 
to stay a dominant developer in the western suburbs. 
 
At the same point of time, we will strongly explore the city, the Sobo market, because it's blessed 
with a lot of old world charm, it's also blessed with a great amount of old wealth living out there, 
and it is time that they got a taste of upgraded lifestyle that comes through the kind of newer 
developments that are offered, and this only happens to the redevelopment of the existing 
buildings that are there. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, Boman, that's very interesting, and just to follow up on that, do you feel that at some point 
in time, execution, can be a challenge, or, whatever we take up, we can take care of the execution 
if, if there is enough demand in case? 
Boman Irani: 
So, Pritesh, it is an industry-wide discussion on a continual basis with regards to execution, and 
over here, you'll be happy to know that as an industry, we have taken cognizance of this. So, we 
are more and more automizing processes, especially those that are repetitive in nature. We are 
bringing in more tools or machines to do the work where humans were largely involved earlier.  
 
There is also simplification of processes while execution goes on. There are a good amount of 
models under which execution takes place and the industry, as it continues to grow, is seeing a 
wider and a better crop of even executing companies, that is contractor firms, whether those are 
end-to-end contractors or those that are broken up into various packages. But like I mentioned 
to you, it just depends on the kind of project and the ability of the individual company to be able 
to bring these opportunities or take advantage of these opportunities and be able to continually 
execute in a time-bound manner.  
 
I'm happy to state that given our relationship-driven business, we have grown not only our 
contractors and suppliers, we've grown our internal teams. Some of the people that work with us 
have been around for a very long time. At the same point of time, we've added new blood and 
brought in new vigour into the development of the execution space. 
 
We have used BIM in a very large way to kind of simplify the mistakes that could take place 
have been kind of made minuscule or have been eradicated. We're working towards first-time 
right because rework costs in terms of time and money are both very high. At the same point of 
time, customer engagement allows us to decide on the kind of amenities that are required and 
given the continual growth of the watchfulness of RERA, it is also becoming more and more 
predictive in the kind of amenities that one has to provide internal and external to the apartments. 
 
So, again, an overall watch, execution will be and continues to be depending on material supply 
availability, labour availability, the right talent availability. And in between, there was a huge 
move away of our labour to go and rebuild Gaza, Israel, the Ukraine. And we did see some 
amount of shortages, but these mostly do not affect, at least so far touchwood, the cities - the 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
larger cities where larger developments are taking place and we continue to have the right kind 
of labour requirements for our developments. 
 
But going forward, a lot of skilling will be required amongst our labour and we as a company 
are working towards it and as an industry also, we've taken cognizance of it and are doing our 
bit to add more muscle to our ability to develop in the future. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, that's very insightful. Thank you for answering the questions. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question was on the broader real estate market, on the luxury 
and we have seen a significant fraction across the industry including our company and especially 
in cities like, Mumbai, Delhi-Gurgaon, Delhi-NCR, Bangalore also, Hyderabad also. So, there 
has been like, you can say in some of the cities there has been a mad rush to buy some of the 
properties at higher end. So, how long do you think this demand is sustainable and, how do you 
see this demand panning out over a year or two? 
Boman Irani: 
So, you know, Ankit, first of all, I'd like to say that this is a celebratory question because the fact 
that the India story is something that is gone down to across - percolated across segments and 
we've seen those that earlier used to be a little watchful or worried or would look at a lot of 
different investment classes are now looking at real estate as their prime investment class. 
Secondly, the India story or rather the wealth distribution or even the job security that people 
are experiencing, seeing right now is something that is leading to their desire to purchase slightly 
larger apartments. If I can just take it on the lighter side, I was reading a quote by Raj Kumar 
Rao, the actor who was advised by Shahrukh Khan that “jab bhi ghar” lo, so buy something that 
is slightly larger because that's when god will also help you and you will also work harder. 
 
And I've seen that people are moving towards a more comfortable life and towards that they're 
looking at developments that have all the lifestyle amenities. At the same point of time, things 
that earlier got ignored or rather that was squeezed out of Mumbai homes because the prices are 
high, like a balcony, like a nook to either use as a storage or as a pooja area, a slightly larger 
master bathroom, a slightly better master bedroom are all coming in as essential design features. 
So, any building that was designed more than 10 years back has to be redesigned today or the 
mindset has got to be changed entirely as per our today's consumer because today's consumer 
has travelled internationally, has the ability, the desire as well as the confidence to go ahead and 
buy a larger home or a home that is fit for his family and not something in which he fits his 
family. 
 
So, it is a very interesting time. Do I think that we are having to worry about this? I face this 
question quite often and I look around and I see the latest SUVs, I see the kind of clothes people 
are wearing, I see what they indulge in, in terms of when they go to celebrate, to dine. 
 
There is a lot more exuberance in the entire Indian diaspora and we are all extremely confident 
of our future. We are definitely the place of growth and, it's not only me saying this, but every 
report that comes from every top investment company in the world talks about India being their 
choice area of investments and we are all with bated breath waiting for the results of this election 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
and we hope that everything continues in the right path and we continue to see greater growth 
in times to come. 
 
On a personal note, I am - whenever I speak to people from across the country in various 
businesses, because that's what is the opportunity afforded to me, I see most businesses showing 
a growth trajectory, a lot more investments happening, a lot more jobs getting created. So, all of 
this leads me to believe that there will be a continual growth but let me tell you here that at 
Rustomjee we have been extremely focused and we have been reading the reports and have been 
experiencing that the INR1 crore-INR7 crores market, which is 1 to 3 is mid-mass and 3 to 7 is 
aspirational, will be and will continue to be the mainstay of the home buyers in this city. 
 
The larger developments or the larger price ticket prices will continue to grab headlines and yes, 
there will be buyers for that, but they continue to grab more headlines. We've seen a 7% growth 
in our own portfolio on the super luxury and going forward we are seeing this demand being 
extremely robust and strong and we believe as long as the story continues and this could be a 
cycle if I were to really look into a magic crystal ball, I would say that what the predictions say 
is roughly between 5 and 10 years one can expect, of course with a few blips here and there 
which are very important corrections, but a few blips here and there aside, we see that this growth 
should continue over a longer and sustained period of time. I hope, Ankit, that kind of increases 
your confidence to go out there and buy a larger home. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you so much. One question on the geographical expansion, any plans to go out of Mumbai 
and enter a new city? Do we have any plans for that? 
Boman Irani: 
Right now, Ankit, I'm very happy welcoming other developers to come into Mumbai market and 
every time I ask them why they come here, they say the market is deep, the market is wide. That 
further increases my confidence in my market where I am, let's say, a chosen developer of choice 
whether it is for redevelopment or whether it is for my home buyers. So, it is better to continue 
to grow out here because the growth potential out here is huge and personally as a company, we 
believe that there is tremendous potential in the MMR area and the MMR area per se will keep 
growing. 
 
So, earlier we used to restrict ourselves to Virar and maybe, Thane, now we have moved towards 
Dombivli, we are exploring areas in Palghar, Boisar and who knows over time with the way the 
infrastructure development is taking place, Pune might become a sister city to Mumbai if not an 
extension of the city itself. 
 
We will continue to explore everything in this market and we continue to explore the potential 
of the other segments that are available in this market and try and focus our energies to serve all 
segments of the real estate requirements of our MMR area. Namely, we are exploring plotted 
developments, we are exploring data centers, just to name a few, to be able to kind of grow our 
positioning and serve across various segments in this micro market itself or in this large market 
itself. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Boman Irani: 
Thank you Ankit. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Kothari from Pi Square Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulation on the numbers posted by the 
company and the management. So, my basic question is on the OCF part. So, you have right 
now said that OCF is around INR643 crores, right? So, how is that bifurcation because in terms 
of the numbers that you have posted in the final statement, it is around INR183 crores if I am 
not wrong. So, can you just give me a split as to how exactly are we calculating this? 
Boman Irani: 
Rishi, I am not sure if we have understood your question perfectly, but is it with regards to the 
OCF amount? 
Rishi Kothari: 
Yes. So, OCF part, you just right now said that it is INR643 crores for FY'24, right? 
Boman Irani: 
Yes. 
Rishi Kothari: 
So, what split are we looking at in 643? So, how did we come into the figure of INR643 crores? 
I mean, OCF part because for March 31st, 2024 in the statement, it is around INR183 crores, 
right? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Rishi, if your question is that we are speaking about the OCF INR643 crores and in the financial, 
the number is different, is that the question? 
Rishi Kothari: 
Yes.  
Sajal Gupta: 
So, quite a few points. So, in the financial, all the investment that we make on the new projects 
before the project is launched, we consider it after the OCF. We consider it after the OCF in line 
with the accounting standard, in line with the way basically we are supposed to make the 
financial statement. So, as you know that we have made a statement that we have invested about 
INR390 odd crores into the new projects. 
 
So, to that extent, in the financial statement, all those money that we otherwise for the better 
reading of the numbers for the investors, we classify as an investment into the new project, all 
goes and trips into the inventory in the balance sheet and therefore forming part of my OCF 
calculation. So, there will always be some difference. This is one largest possible difference, 
which is INR389 crores. If you net out that, it will be more or less in line with what we are 
speaking. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Okay. Thank you so much for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Sanghvi, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Sanghvi: 
Yes, sir. My question is related to bookkeeping. The inventory as on 31st March, ’23 was 
INR2,570 crores, which was increased to INR3,710 crores as of 31st March, '24. So, I just 
wanted to know what is the value of inventory related to Crown A and B included in this 
inventory? That is my one question. Another question is, I believe that the booking or pre-sales 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
of Crown C, we started after we took over that company. And just I wanted to confirm it. And 
third is, what is the total area of Crown C? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Okay. So, regarding your first question, there is a one-time uptick in the inventory because of 
the consolidation of the Crown into the Keystone Realtors Consolidated Number. Until last year, 
we were not consolidating the Crown because of this being a DM arrangement. And as we said 
as a part of our discussion, that during the current year, we have started consolidating because 
we have acquired the company, we have acquired this company November 2023. So, there is a 
one-time uptick in the inventory because one-time uptick in the inventory as a result of that. That 
is a point number one. 
 
Point number two, you asked that what is the total area in the Crown, the total beneficial or the 
total area is about 22 lakh square feet. Out of 22 lakh square feet, about 15 lakh square feet 
comes to our benefit and about seven and a half lakh square feet comes to the benefit of the 
landowners. And as I think we have spoken in one of the questions asked by one of the 
participants, out of the 15 lakh, we have already sold close to 13 lakh square feet and 2 lakh 
square feet is the area yet to be sold. 
Amit Sanghvi: 
Okay. And what is the current rate going on for this Crown C per square feet rate? 
Boman Irani: 
That is a very wide range, Rishi, because there are various kinds of apartments, the sizes, whether 
they come fit out or they are bare shell and also on what floor they have, what is the kind of use? 
So, it is a pretty wide range, Rishi. 
Amit Sanghvi: 
It could be a basic rate, not a floor rise like that. 
Boman Irani: 
Give me a minute, Amit. Any other questions? Then we will come back on this one. 
Amit Sanghvi: 
Yes. Okay. No problem. But what was my question was that out of this INR3,710 crores, which 
was found as inventory as on 31st March, '24, what is the value of inventory considered for 
Crown A and Crown B, which are legacy projects? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, I think I mentioned in the, in response to a previous question, there is a one-time uptick in 
the inventory because of the start of the consolidation of the Crown. So, as of March 2024, out 
of INR3,700 crores of inventory, INR1,900 crores is contributed by the Crown alone. 
Amit Sanghvi: 
Okay. That was my question, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of K.T. Patel, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
K.T. Patel: 
I would like to congratulate the leadership team at Rustomjee for the spectacular results. 
However, I have some questions which are specifically focused on the joint venture which you 
guys launched with Ajmera. I think this is, I just wanted to understand how are the roles and 
responsibilities being organized as the phenomena of a real estate company collaborating on 
projects is not very, it does not happen all the time. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
If someone can shed some light on that, that would be fine. Apart from this question, I have two 
more questions. I observed this project in which you have, I mean, in your investor presentation, 
you marked this project category as commercial. I would appreciate if you could kindly elaborate 
a little bit on that and what is the timeline towards construction start, sorry, approval start. Sorry, 
what is the timeline for approval and construction start and end? Thank you. 
Boman Irani: 
Kirti bhai I am sure you are an investor even on Ajmera and you must have asked him the same 
question, but I am happy to take your query. 
K.T. Patel: 
I was unable to join their call. 
Boman Irani: 
Let me have the pleasure of responding to that. So, Kirti bhai, I am one of those people who is 
always bullish on collaborative ventures and I don’t know if you know the story of Rustomjee, 
but we have thrived through our JVs and JDs. We have done, I would say, more than 20 
landowners with whom we have done JV, JDs, larger projects, smaller projects, and more than 
nine developers who are directly involved with us in various projects which we have completed. 
 
And over this entire period of time, not one litigation standing. So, I believe it is an approach 
out of our DNA that we have that we try to stay away from litigation as far as possible. And we 
do not believe that when partners get together, it has to end up in anything other than a fantastic 
milestone development because both can bring their sets of skills to the table. 
 
As far as this project goes, I think it is a very interesting project. It allows for a beautiful 
commercial development in Bandra where it is a huge requirement and the kind of location needs 
to be treated with a lot of respect given the fact that Bandra West is going to grow as a small 
office market and we will have a lot of individuals and smaller startups and companies looking 
at space out there. And the kind of response has been tremendous in the sense that ever since our 
boards have gone up over there, we have managed to work out all the issues faced by the 
development which were, again, legacy issues. 
 
And we are working with the society members to make sure that we are in a position to launch 
the project at the quickest. We have been fortunate to have the support of those who have not 
vacated earlier, believing in us and vacating the site, paving the way for our development to 
proceed. On the approval front, I would like to state that we are at least about six to eight months 
away from any meaningful approval where we will go in for a RERA approval and then launch 
it. 
 
And yes, it is a small office redevelopment project where I would like to believe there will be a 
retail that will be very interesting on the ground and maybe first floor, not finalized. I am being 
very clear, it is not finalized. We are working on various design aspects right now. 
 
And above that will be offices ranging between, I would say, 450 going all the way up to 700 
square feet and joinable across to go all the way across to one office floor or even multiple 
offices across various floors. So, we are very keen to look forward to the kind of development 
and as far as the Ajmeras go, they are a good brand to work with. They have a very strong family 
values and that is one of the things that are required for a good development slash redevelopment 
amongst partners. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
K.T. Patel: 
Just a follow-up question, how are the role responsibilities available to organize between the two 
of you? 
Boman Irani: 
So, that is skilled by one of the simplest things to actually work on. We are both participating 
on the design aspect of it. On the approval's aspect, generally there are outside consultants that 
we appoint who kind of work towards it. On the engineering and construction side, we will 
dedicate a new team that will report into either or both of us and work through the construction 
itself. 
I am pretty certain that given our pretty advanced workings with the BIM, etcetera, we will be 
able to kind of make sure that the project construction becomes extremely simplified unless we 
decide to work with some newer materials which we are also working or thinking about in terms 
of steel structures, etcetera, that we are looking at to be able to execute the project faster. Other 
than that, sales, etcetera, there will be a joint team that will be there reporting into both the 
parties. That is really not such an issue at all. 
K.T. Patel: 
Okay. Would it be possible, if I am not including, to request for the share transfer agreement?  
Boman Irani: 
Sorry, what agreement? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Share transfer agreement, the share is 50-50. 
K.T. Patel:  
If I am not including? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes, the share transfer agreement in a sense that we hold 50% into this company and Ajmera 
holds 50%. That is how the shareholding is divided between the two partners. 
K.T. Patel: 
Okay, yes. There is no other detail apart from transfer of shares in terms of responsibility and 
deliverables, etcetera, right? 
Boman Irani: 
Your partnership, in the true sense of the word, is a 50-50 where both of us are equally 
contributing financially and are sitting with each other and working out. I don’t know what to 
say whether there is going to be a stronger leaning on us for construction or on them, but these 
are things that we will continue to decide. But the best way to do it that we have thought through 
so far is to create an independent team on-site that is responsible to, let us say, a project manager 
is responsible for the construction and development of the project. 
K.T. Patel: 
And what is the construction step timeline? Is there some visibility on that? 
Boman Irani: 
Like I mentioned, construction will begin. It is a larger basement or a deeper basement that one 
has to take into consideration given that it is a commercial development and there has got to be 
ample parking to be provided. We should be able to give us a better timeline in our next earnings 
call. If Kirti Bhai, you are present, then I might be able to really draw a better timeline for you. 
K.T. Patel: 
Perfect. I have one last question, if you kindly allow me. 
Boman Irani: 
I think we should meet offline, Kirti Bhai. I see you have got great interest in the project as well. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
K.T. Patel: 
Yes. Agreed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Patel sir. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Boman Irani: 
Well, those are some very interesting questions and that continues to make me believe that the 
interest amongst all of you is so great in our company. I am thankful to each and every one of 
you for joining us today. For any queries, we at Rustomjee Keystone Realtors Limited are always 
available. 
 
Please reach out to our investor relations team and we will be more than happy to answer any 
questions and anybody, anyone wishes to connect with us offline as well for any queries that 
they may have, kindly reach out to us. Once again, a big thank you from the entire Rustomjee 
management. 
Sajal Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(The above transcript has been edited for readability purposes) 
