June 3, 2024 
 IGAL/SECT/6-24/01 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C - 1, Block G     
Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra - (E)     
Mumbai - 400 051     
Symbol: INDIGO     
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539448 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call on financial results for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of earnings call held on May 23, 2024, on financial results for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For InterGlobe Aviation Limited 
Neerja Sharma 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
InterGlobe Aviation Limited 
Registered Office: Upper Ground Floor, Thapar House, Gate No. 2, Western Wing, 124 Janpath, New Delhi – 110 001, India. M +91 9650098905,  
 F + 91 11 43513200 Email: corporate@goindigo.in  
Corporate Office: Emaar Capital Tower-II, Sector-26, Sikanderpur Ghosi, MG Road, Gurugram-122022, Haryana, India. T +91 124 435 2500. 
CIN no.: L62100DL2004PLC129768
NEERJA 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by NEERJA 
SHARMA 
Date: 2024.06.03 
19:33:15 +05'30'

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
“IndiGo Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 
Financial Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIETER ELBERS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. GAURAV NEGI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. KAILASH RANA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
Ms. RICHA CHHABRA – DIRECTOR, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Operator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to IndiGo’s Conference Call to discuss the 
fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 financial results. My name is Neerav, and I will be your 
coordinator. At this time, the participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer 
session will follow today’s management discussion. 
 
As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to 
your moderator, Ms. Richa Chhabra from the Investor Relations team of IndiGo. 
Richa Chhabra: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 
earnings call. 
 
 We have with us our Chief Executive Officer - Pieter Elbers and our Chief Financial Officer – 
Gaurav Negi and our Head of Investor Relations – Kailash Rana to discuss the financial 
performance and are available for the Q&A session. 
 
Please note that today’s discussion may contain certain statements on our business or financials 
which may be construed as forward-looking. Our actual results may be materially different from 
these forward-looking statements. 
 
The information provided on this call is as of today’s date and we undertake no obligation to 
update the information subsequently. 
 
We will upload the transcript of prepared remarks by day end. The transcript of the Q&A session 
will be uploaded subsequently. 
 
With this, let me hand over the call to Pieter Elbers. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and thank you so much for joining the call. We announced 
our financial results for the fourth quarter and the financial year 2024 today.  
 
As we reflect on the financial year 2024, it is evident that we reached many new heights and 
ventured across new frontiers achieving numerous milestones along the way that have translated 
into robust financial performance for the year. The strong execution of our strategy has yielded 
consistent results for us helping us achieve targets that we had set out for ourselves as a team at 
the beginning of this year. 
 
For the financial year 2024, we reported our (highest ever) total income of around 712 billion 
rupees which is 27% higher than financial year 2023. In terms of profitability, we reported an 
annual net profit of around 82 billion rupees as against a marginal loss for the financial year 2023.  
 
For the fourth quarter of financial year 2024, we reported a total income of 185 billion rupees and 
net profit of 18.9 billion rupees, with these results we are now profitable for 6 consecutive quarters 
post Covid. Also, after a period of 5 years, we have been profitable in all the 4 quarters in a 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
financial year. These results are really a testament to the loyalty of our 107 million customers, the 
execution of our strategy “towards new heights and across new frontiers” and the dedication of 
more than tens of thousands of IndiGo employees who worked relentlessly and collectively. I 
would like to express my gratitude to each of our customer for placing their trust in us and our 
employees for their hard work. 
 
India is home to the world’s largest population and soon will become the third largest economy 
in the world. In the financial year 2024, the passengers served by Indian aviation industry grew 
by 14.5% on a year over year basis to touch a new milestone of 184 million annual passengers. 
Apart from the overall favourable macro-economic trends in our country such as the rise in per 
capita income and favourable demographics, there are new travel trends emerging such as 
experiential travel, growth in spiritual tourism and increasing demand for international travel that 
will continue to drive the overall growth of the Indian Aviation Industry. Thus, there is an 
immediate need for an aviation ecosystem that matches the size and potential of India.  
 
A stride forward in this direction was our firm order for 500 A320 neo family aircraft announced 
in June of last year. This order was not just IndiGo’s largest order, but also the largest-ever single 
aircraft purchase by any airline with Airbus.  
 
Today, we operate 88 domestic destinations with over 400 direct routes. 10 of these destinations 
were added in the last year itself. We fly and intend to fly to each airport of a certain size in the 
country. On the International network side, we have about 100 direct international routes to 33 
International destinations from 18 Indian cities. During the financial year 2024, we launched 7 
new international destinations across Asia and Africa and also expanded our direct routes by 25 
percent. 
 
Now moving to an important announcement, keeping in mind the evolving needs and aspirations 
of our Indian consumers, we are taking the next step in the evolution of IndiGo. We will be 
launching a tailor-made business product on the busiest routes and business routes of the country 
before the end of this year. There is an ever-growing need for premium travel in India and by 
launching this new product we will create a desired option for many who are aiming to travel 
business, and perhaps for the first time in their lives. 
 
 We are truly enthused by entering this new phase and we will be unveiling more information 
around the offering, the routes and the launch dates in the coming August…so please stay tuned 
for more updates on the same. 
 
On the international network side, our codeshare partnerships continue to grow, and we saw an 
impressive growth of around 45% in the number of passengers flown through our codeshares in 
financial year 2024 compared to last year. During the financial year, we signed codeshare 
agreement with British Airways and a memorandum of understanding for a codeshare partnership 
with Malaysian Airlines. Furthermore, we extended our codeshare agreement with Qantas 
allowing our customers access to 7 new connections to Australia via Singapore. These new 
destinations and routes helped unlock remarkable opportunities for both business and leisure 
travellers seeking seamless connectivity to various corners of the world.  

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
 
Further towards our goal of Internationalization, we recently had a landmark development as we 
placed an order for 30 Firm Airbus A350-900 aircraft.  As was discussed during our last call, the 
significance of both our aircraft orders comprising 500 narrowbodies and 30 widebodies extends 
beyond their individual components. Together, they form a cohesive strategy, not only, aimed at 
achieving our vision of making IndiGo a global aviation player but also help us realize India’s 
vision of developing India into a global aviation hub.  
 
Our current pending orderbook of a little short of 1,000 aircraft to be delivered up until 2035, 
gives us long-term visibility well into the next decade. For many years to come, we will receive 
a minimum of one new plane every week. And this speaks a lot about India, probably, being the 
last frontier of aviation growth of such a high magnitude and the part IndiGo is poised to play in 
it.  
 
Though our performance has been robust, it's essential to view these results in the context of 
external headwinds we faced during the year. The financial year 2024 saw headwinds in the form 
of aircraft groundings. However, we stood firm in our resolve, adapted swiftly to change, and 
emerged stronger. And these results speak volumes about our team's ability to adapt and overcome 
challenges.  Our employees’ commitment to excellence has been a critical factor in achieving our 
goals this year. 
 
Further, our performance has been continuously recognized as we had the honor of receiving 
several prestigious awards and accolades such as ‘Airline of the Year’ at the ‘Air Transport 
Awards 2024 ,‘The Best Low-Cost Airline in India and South Asia’ at the Skytrax World Airline 
Awards and 'Asia Environmental Sustainability Airline of the Year’ award by CAPA. These 
recognitions underscore our excellence and leadership in the market. 
 
The combination of a rapidly growing economy and our strategic initiatives positions us for the 
unprecedented growth. With our target of 600 plus aircraft fleet by the end of this decade in mind, 
we continue to develop and align people, processes and technology in line with the growing size 
and scale of IndiGo. 
 
In conclusion, the year gone by had some remarkable achievements and milestones which have 
translated into very positive financial outcomes. Looking ahead to the next financial year, while 
we acknowledge the presence of certain headwinds, we do so with optimism and confidence in 
our ability to navigate through them successfully. Again, our guidance of early double-digit 
growth – in terms of the capacity and the passengers on board, for the next year, reflects our 
confidence in our plan in place to navigate the challenges and capitalize on the opportunities that 
lie ahead. We are well on track towards our long-term strategic objectives and investing heavily 
to further build upon our strong foundations. 
 
 Let me now hand over the call to Gaurav to discuss the financial performance in detail. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Thank you, Pieter and good evening, everyone.  
 
For the year ended March 2024, we reported a profit of 81.7 billion rupees with a net profit margin 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
of 11.9% compared to a net loss of 3.1 billion rupees for the year ended March 2023. Excluding 
the foreign exchange impact, we reported a profit of 88.9 billion rupees compared to a profit of 
26.5 billion rupees for the year ended March 2023. Our capacity for the financial year increased 
by 21.8% as compared to last year. 
 
We reported an EBITDAR of 175.4 billion rupees for the year ended March 2024 compared to 
an EBITDAR of 73.1 billion rupees for the year ended March 2023, a growth of 140% against a 
capacity increase of around 22% primarily due to improvement in load factors, benign fuel & 
forex environment.  
 
For the quarter ended March 2024, we reported a net profit of 18.9 billion rupees with a margin 
of 10.6% compared to a net profit of 9.2 billion rupees and a net margin of 6.5% for the quarter 
ended March 2023. This translates into a net margin improvement of 4.1 points. Further, we 
reported an EBITDAR of 44.1 billion rupees with an EBITDAR margin of 24.8%. 
 
For the quarter ended March 2024, the unit revenues came in at 5.13 rupees, which is about 10% 
higher on a year over year basis. The yields improved by 7% and the load factors came in strong 
at 86.3%, an improvement of 2.1 points on a year over year basis.   
 
On the cost side, the fuel CASK reduced by 6.9% primarily due to a reduction in average fuel 
prices. Looking at the non-fuel costs, the CASK ex fuel came in at 2.90 rupees which is 14.7% 
higher than the same quarter last year. Further, the rupee closed weaker at the quarter end leading 
to a forex loss of around 1.7 billion rupees. Moving to the unit cost ex fuel ex forex there is a YoY 
increase of about 9% mainly due to cost escalations, grounding-related costs and increase in 
employee costs.   
 
Due to our strong financial performance, our liquidity has further improved as we ended the 
March quarter with free cash of 208.2 billion rupees. This translates to an increase of 16.2 billion 
rupees as compared to the December quarter end.  
 
Furthermore, during the quarter on account of our continued strong liquidity position and financial 
performance, CRISIL assigned us a long-term credit rating of AA- / Stable and a short-term credit 
rating of A1+.  
 
We ended the quarter with a capitalized operating lease liability of around 435 billion rupees and 
a total debt, including the capitalized operating lease liability of around 513 billion rupees. Our 
right to use assets at the quarter end were 342 billion rupees. 
 
As Pieter highlighted, these results should be looked in the context of headwinds we faced during 
the year, in the form of AOG situation. During the financial year 2024, we added 65 aircraft 
including 12 damp-leased aircraft and during the quarter ended March 2024 we added 9 aircraft 
to our fleet. With these additional aircraft and lease extensions that we had carried out we were 
able to mitigate the adverse situation well and through all these measures, we exceeded our initial 
capacity guidance of north of mid-teens in the financial year 2024. Currently, the AOG count 
remains range bound. Going forward, we will continue to assess the situation and adjust our 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
mitigation measures to continue to meet our growth targets. 
 
We have already provided a capacity guidance that we will broadly grow our capacity at early 
double digits in the financial year 2025 as compared to financial year 2024. For the first quarter 
of financial year 2025, we are expecting to add around 10 to 12% capacity as compared to same 
period last year which translates to around 3 to 5% capacity growth on a sequential basis. With 
this growth projection for the first quarter of financial year 2025, we are likely to be back to the 
quarterly capacity which we had prior to the accelerated inspection of engines due to the powder 
metal issue. Further, we are currently experiencing similar revenue environment in Q1FY25 as 
compared to Q1FY24. 
 
As we look ahead, it's imperative that we acknowledge the task at hand with respect to our growth 
targets and the cost dimensions. There are inflationary pressures in certain cost line items that we 
are foreseeing in next financial year. However, we remain focused on cost optimization efforts to 
create maximum shareholder value. What truly sets us apart is our ability to adapt and innovate 
in a rapidly changing environment. Our strong foundations and focused execution of our strategy 
has positioned us for sustained growth in the years to come. 
 
With this, let me hand it back to Richa. 
Richa Chhabra: 
Thank you, Pieter and Gaurav. To answer as many questions as possible, I would like to request 
that each participant limit themselves to one question and one brief follow-up question, if 
needed. And with that, we are ready for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. 
Binay Singh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Actually, I'll just pick up from the comment that was 
there in the opening statement on inflationary cost pressures. So could you talk a little bit in more 
detail about the coming financial year, which are the line items where you see more cost pressure? 
And also if you could reflect back on FY '24, any one-off expenses that you had in FY '24 relating 
grounding, which wasn't compensated which sort of offsets it or so. So that will be my question 
to just get more details on this. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Binay, in terms of inflationary pressure that we're talking about is across various line items. 
Primarily, it's going to be around maintenance and airport fees that we've also talked in the past, 
so these are primarily the 2 line items that we are seeing inflation. Outside of that, the normal 
course of inflation that you will see related to other expenses and employee costs, which are 
naturally there is also going to play their part in the financial year '25, but the increased inflation 
levels that we are seeing is largely on maintenance side as well as on the airport side. 
Binay Singh: 
But these are largely high single-digit inflationary pressures or something more than that? 
Gaurav Negi: 
High single-digit to early double digits is what we are experiencing. It's more than what we have 
experienced in the past, which was towards low single digit. So there's an increased level that we 
are seeing at least for these line items. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Binay Singh: 
And fair to say that there is no one-off expenditure in FY '24, which sort of offset some of these 
things as your fleet comes back? 
Gaurav Negi: 
There were some elements of cost that we are still negotiating, as we have said, related to 
grounding. So there could be a timing difference between one financial year versus the other. So 
barring that, there's no significant one-offs that we have. It's more timing that will pay out between 
2 financial years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan Chase & Co. 
Amyn Pirani: 
My question was on the comment that you made that in 1Q this year, you are taking a similar 
revenue environment compared to 1Q of last year. So were you indicating like in terms of the yield 
direction? 
Gaurav Negi: 
We were indicating more on the passenger RASK level. So more towards that, it's a balance 
between the yields and the load factors. So we're trying to see that the revenue comes in line with 
what we had in Q1 of last year. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. The reason I asked is because unlike most years, this year's 4Q RASK is almost similar or 
even slightly higher than 1Q. And normally, from 4Q to 1Q, the seasonality is positive. So just 
trying to get some more colour there. Are you expecting seasonally RASK to flatten out versus 
the normal seasonality, which is improving in this quarter? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Maybe to supplement on that. I think there's quite a couple of uncertainties in the market today, 
which makes giving a precise prediction in terms of RASK levels difficult. So that's why we give 
an indication compared to what it was last year. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. And just a follow-up on the revenue bit itself. The compensation that you get from the 
suppliers on the grounded aircraft, that comes in into your other income line? 
Gaurav Negi: 
It comes into revenue from operations, other operating income. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. And there, can you give a broad sense as to given the amount of compensation you think 
that's due, how much of that broadly would have come in till date? Is there a possibility to give a 
broad idea? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Unfortunately not. So whatever is captured, you can probably go through those financials, but 
we're not calling out anything specific on that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities. 
Ansuman Deb: 
My question was regarding the spread for FY '25 because you mentioned about the fact that FY 
'24 should be looked from the perspective of headwinds we had, right? So when we look at FY 
'25, there could be a little bit of mitigation in the AOG scenario. We can have inflationary 
expectation, as you said. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
 
There would be also some investments or some expense towards the new business class that we 
are bringing in. So if you could help us, because there are multiple pluses and minuses in play in 
FY '25, if you could give colour on the possible spread directionally in FY '25. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Ansuman, again, we are not giving any kind of guidance related to the spread for the whole year. 
So we'll take it one step at a time. We give you the guidance in terms of capacity that we see for 
this particular quarter as well as what we see the revenue environment like, we'll limit ourselves 
to that for the time being. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Fair enough. Just continuing that part, in terms of aircraft on ground, have we seen the worst 
behind us or in terms of that impacting the cost, is it like the worst behind us? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Yes. So what we communicated, I think we have peaked to a certain extent, what we called out as 
a mid-70 number. It's still in that range that we are looking at. So we have not seen anything 
significantly adverse as we sit today. But again, things will play out, but we are not expecting 
anything which is going to be significantly different. It's, again, going to be range bound. So to a 
large extent, we are where we need to be from a grounding standpoint. 
 
Again, I'll just elaborate also. So one is the grounding side of it, plus the other is the mitigation 
side of it. So like I mentioned in my commentary, we are actually looking at capacity reaching the 
same levels that we had in Q3. So we managed to mitigate a large part of these groundings in a 
matter of a quarter, so as to speak. So we're back to the same levels in Q1 of '25. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS Securities Pvt. Ltd. 
Pramod Kumar: 
My question is related to the business product, what you kind of talked about. Can you please help 
us understand what could be the kind of ramp-up here because if I'm not wrong, you did mention 
about select routes where you would be using them. And what could be the time line for ramp-up 
because out of the total aircraft, what we have, the number of routes we service? 
 
What do you see as the potential routes which can absorb a business plus kind of configuration 
because there'll be a setoff against a number of seats as well. And what could be the likely 
implications as you do this transition on your existing ASK capacities? Or how should one look 
at this transition? And how long do you think in terms of timelie when you will be largely done 
with this particular transition at least on the domestic side? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Yes. Thank you. That's a lot of detailed questions. Maybe just a few words to elucidate on this, 
and I tried to do that in my introduction words. India is changing rapidly, and the needs of the 
Indian consumers are changing rapidly. And we see that happening over the past couple of years. 
So against that backdrop and looking at the network of IndiGo with a quite a couple of routes with 
a very high frequency with a lot of business-related travel, we felt collectively that this was the 
right moment to move into that space. 
 
So I would say it's a natural evolution, which sort of coinciding with our turning 18 by August of 
this year. So we see the market developing. We see IndiGo developing, and we see a growing 
desire for our customers to have more travel options, if you wish. That's the reason why we made 
this announcement today. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
 
In the announcement itself, we said it's going to be introduced before the end of the year. Of 
course, we have been working on this for a while already. So it's going to be introduced before the 
end of the year. And in the early part of August, we're going to announce more details in terms of 
timings, in terms of precise number of routes, in terms of exact introduction date and so on and so 
forth. So as I said, stay tuned for the further developments on this. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And Pieter, just to follow up on that, and this is in context of the yield comment what you kind of 
alluded to, looks like we are kind of seeing some bit of resistance on demand given how the phase 
of kind of behaved generally. In that context, how should one look at the business class versus the 
economy class in terms of the yields and the kind of likely what do you say, net impact, what 
IndiGo would face because at one level we are seeing, despite the constraint on capacities and 
across most of the airlines and some of the routes being dropped by many airlines, reduce 
frequency, you're seeing that yields are not going higher anywhere from here on. 
 
So given the price sensitivity and the fact that you're talking about business class in this 
environment, if you can just help us understand what are the factors that you're seeing and whether 
any specific comments on whether the fare resistance what you're seeing is more on the metro, 
non-metro routes or Tier 2 rules. Anything if you can just help us understand on the yield 
behaviour. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Yes. Well, thank you. You have the ability to put around 25 questions in 1. That's well done. But 
let me just try to give a bit of an elucidation to that. You made a statement that the yields can go 
up. I don't think we phased it like that. We gave some outlook for the first quarter, and that's the 
first quarter outlook as compared to the first quarter last year. And again, these calls, I think, are 
there to give an outlook for the first quarter and not per se an outlook for the entire year, leave 
alone for the years ahead. 
 
And I think what you have IndiGo seen doing over the past 2 years is really laying out the strategy 
with different building blocks, if you wish. And one of these building blocks was to build on the 
XLR, which we ordered a few years ago, which is going to go in place somewhere next year. 
 
Another building block was internationalization. More recently, we have announced another 
building block, which is the A350 coming in to further stretch the reach of IndiGo. And with that, 
this step, what we're going to do now with this new premium product, which is going to be very 
IndiGo like in terms of creating a very different structure in the market. That's what we've known 
today is precisely matching all the other building blocks. 
 
So fast forward, where India is going to be in 2027 which is, I think, today, the latest sort of 
forecast is then it will be the third largest economy in the world. So if home is the third largest 
economy in the world. And if that economy continues to grow and the customers are more and 
more looking for different travel options, be it from the metros and the non-metros, for us, it's all 
the normal to start preparing for that now with the introduction of this business class. 
 
So I would really see it as a natural evolution disconnected from whatever yield development we 
see quarter-over-quarter. I think there's always a lot of actualities involved, be it AOGs, be it some 
sort of disruptions either this year or past year, be it some bad weather, be it whatever reasons are 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
involving, take for this step. I mean, this is a long-term step. This is not something we do for just 
drifting a quarter. 
 
It's part of a holistic strategy and the holistic strategy is to continue, as IndiGo has been known for 
the past 18 years have the development of IndiGo going hand-in-hand with the development of 
the Indian economy and if you wish, even society. And therefore, we continue on the very 
foundations of what IndiGo has been made and when we had the goal around the introduction of 
the wide-body. 
 
I think I mentioned there, the size of the order is significant enough to have impact and prudent 
enough not to disturb the business model. And I think you should see this step in the very same 
context. It is significant enough to have impact on the routes where we want to have impact. And 
again, this will be all shared with you somewhere in the first part of August and prudent enough 
to continue to serve on our customer promises, which made IndiGo the wonderful airline, it is 
today. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Krupashankar NJ from Avendus Spark Institutional Equities. 
Krupashankar NJ 
My first question is on the pilot fatigue norms. Just wanted to get a sense whether we have any 
incremental information regarding that and whether it will be implemented for the entire fleet 
starting from June? 
Gaurav Negi: 
No, Krupa. Currently, the matter is sub judice. As you know that the decision has been deferred, 
but currently, it's been taken to the court. So we are awaiting the next hearing that is due sometime 
in July. So there's no further comments on that. 
Krupashankar NJ 
Got it. And relating to your fleet purchase plans. Is there any target set relating to what would be 
the portion of smaller aircraft, which will be purchased during the year. Any projections on that 
front? 
Pieter Elbers: 
I think if you take the order books of all the airlines in the world, IndiGo tops the chart by a long 
margin. So the decisions taken by IndiGo over the past 12 months, basically have solidified and 
made that planning for the years ahead. So beside these 2 very significant orders and steps we've 
announced over the past year, the 500 Airbus 320 and the wide-body is really creating the 
foundation of what we do, and furthermore, going forward, we keep all options open at all times. 
 
So it's a bit of a repetitive answer, but I think you have seen us over time moving in the direction. 
But we keep all options open, but I must say the backlog of orders offer us a very solid basis in 
going forward. 
Krupashankar NJ 
I understand that, Pieter, but we were of the intention of buying ATRs and to utilize our cash 
balances that was our plan. That no longer exists, or we are just exploring option at the moment? 
Gaurav Negi: 
No, that option is very much available. So we've got options to buy them also. And in the past, we 
bought a few of those also. So those options are very much available to us. There's still a set of 
additional ATRs that are in the backlog that we still have. So as and when they come up for 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
delivery, we will execute the option, which is best for us. whether it's a lease option or even to use 
the cash that we have. So very much available to us. So nothing has been ruled out. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies India Private Limited. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Congrats for great results. My first question is just a clarification on your cash flow statement. 
There is a line item phased major inspection and overall cost on leased aircraft of around INR 900 
crores, INR919 crores. This is like a maintenance cost, which is capitalized or what is it? Can you 
just clarify? 
Gaurav Negi: 
These are just the redelivery costs that we reflect separately. These are all related to redelivery. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. But is this something which has come up related to grounding or this was used to be the 
cost earlier as well. 
Gaurav Negi: 
No, it is as per the accounting policy that we have to disclose this, so nothing new that is coming 
up. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. And just one question on CASK ex fuel. We generally used to think about it as like around 
in the range of INR2.6 in current inflationary environment and with last quarter clocking at 
INR2.9, how should we look at this going forward for the estimate? 
Gaurav Negi: 
So you talking about CASK ex fuel. So there's an element of FX also in that. So there's a sizable 
amount of FX that is also impacting. Excluding that, obviously, there's an impact from an AOG 
standpoint. Our overall ASKs went down this quarter, as we mentioned, because of AOGs going 
up. So there's a dimension of that. And then the remainder is largely because of inflationary 
pressures that we've spoken about. So a combination of these are pushing up the CASK ex fuel 
portion. And as the ASKs continue to start growing upwards for us, with the capacity coming 
back, we are hopeful to bring this particular unit cost down. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure. So, this should trend down from here despite like that inflation comment, which was there 
earlier in the call. So, this number should come down adjusted for the items there in Q4? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Yes, it should. Like I said, if the capacity continues to grow, it will obviously, because we had a 
reduced capacity, so there's an element of capacity coming down, which naturally on a per unit 
basis pushes up the CASK ex fuel portion. As my capacity comes back again in Q1, this particular 
unit costs are trending downwards. Subject to again, what the inflationary pressures are going to 
be. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd.  
Sabri Hazarika: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Just one question. So, in terms of damp leases also are 
we at the peak of it because, I mean, there's been no increase in terms of like 13 damp leases versus 
what it was actually last quarter. So, I mean, we had some plans of like taking another like 20, 25 
aircraft from the secondary market. So, is that happening? Or are we at the top of it in terms of 
damp leases. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Pieter Elbers: 
I think the approach you have seen for us is an approach whereby we give a capacity guidance to 
the market, and then we start executing the mitigating measures which are into that. And of course, 
whenever we give you that capacity guidance, we've done already our homework on those 
mitigating measures. So when we said for the year, which just closed FY '24, we said in the north 
of the mid-teens, that was a prudent approach because eventually, we did slightly more, thanks to 
the effectiveness of all these measures. 
 
We have now given a capacity guidance for this year, FY '25 and also there, that is solidified by 
not only a stabilizing AOG situation as Gaurav just elucidated to, but also the damp leases we 
have in place and we continue to work with potential opportunities to increase it, to adjust it. I 
think for us, it's very important to have that flexibility. 
 
So we continue to have a close look at the market. But at this point in time, there is no additional 
plans other than the ones which are communicated already. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right. Got it. Just a follow-up, your A321 NEO fleet has been like almost range bound from the 
last 2, 3 quarters. So anything to read into that? Or it's like it will get adjusted automatically. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Sorry, I didn't get that question. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
I mean the A321 NEO fleet, around 93, 94 aircraft, so that has remained constant since Q2 FY '24. 
So, is there anything from Airbus side of like slowing deliveries of 321 NEOs, anything of that 
sort? 
Pieter Elbers: 
No, there's nothing. We just happen to have a quarter with somewhat lesser number of deliveries, 
as was mentioned in Gaurav's text. If I recall well, he mentioned 9 of deliveries, and as we continue 
to go forward, there happen to be a mix of the 320s and 321s. So, this was all pretty much according 
to the plan and according to the planning which we had with Airbus. And again, there's fluctuations 
month-over-month and there's fluctuations in the mixture of 320s and 321s. So, I don't think you 
should read anything else in that other than those fluctuations. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes. I just wanted to understand, like pre-pandemic our dividend payouts were closer to 100% and 
since our net worth has become positive again, what kind of payouts we could see in the future 
going ahead? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Difficult question because we'll have to take it to the Board to get the necessary approvals. But 
while our net worth has become positive, we are still negative as far as the overall retained earnings 
is concerned, which is the accumulated reserves that we have in order to pay the dividends. 
 
So, once we cross that threshold, obviously, we'll take the necessary steps to then work towards 
defining along with, obviously, the Board what the dividend levels need to be. So, a difficult 
question right now to answer because we are not there yet. 
Arpit Shah: 
In Q1 FY '24, we did see an impact on the competitor airlines going bankrupt, and we saw a very 
big tailwind on our RASK/CASK spread, leading us to deliver the highest RASK/CASK spread 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
in our history. So how should we look at Q1 FY '25 given that you've already spoken about some 
inflationary pressures on airport fees and maintenance growing in double digit. So how should we 
look at that number? You've already alluded us to some guidance on the RASK, but just to have 
some better clarity. 
Gaurav Negi: 
I think you're answering the question because like I said, the revenue is in line with what we had 
last year. I've shared that the cost pressures are there. So you can draw a conclusion in terms of 
the spread from there on. 
 
Obviously, it's not going to be a repeat of what we had from a spread standpoint where we were 
last year same quarter. So there are some pressures that we have. But on the whole, the fact is that 
we are also going to have an increased capacity level versus last year. I gave that guidance also 
that our capacity is going to grow from 10% to 12%. So a combination of those, I think you can 
work out what Q1 '25 going to be like. 
Arpit Shah: 
And the 2.9 CASK numbers start trending downwards, right, delinquent earlier in the call. 
Gaurav Negi: 
It will. So not to forget, there's increased levels of the increase that you're seeing year-over-year 
is also from the fact that we have AOGs. And like we've said that there is a certain compensation 
that comes and sits at the other income levels also. 
 
So, what you see as a cost increase has an offset sitting in the revenue side also. So that's why 
you're seeing that. But on a net basis, it washes off. But overall, as we start pushing up our capacity, 
we're focused on cost optimization, we pushed those levels. We are hopeful that on a unit basis, 
the cost excluding the AOG is going to be range bound. 
 
The increase is largely a round of AOG and offset sitting in the revenue and then the inflationary 
pressures that I talked about also with the fact that we've not grown the capacity the way we would 
have wanted to because we were hit by an AOG. We are coming back to the Q3 levels again, what 
we were at. 
 
So, all these variables were there. But beyond Q1, we see more stabilization as far as our capacity 
is concerned, because we would have like, again, what we mentioned, at least from a range bound 
standpoint, we would have reached a level of normalized AOG levels that we have kind of guided 
everyone towards. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kushagra from Old Bridge Asset Management Co. Ltd.  
Kushagra: 
Just 2 questions. One, on the international side first, if you can share the international revenue 
share and profit share in FY '24, if possible. And a related question on the international side is, 
how big would be the contribution of codeshare arrangements in your international revenue? And 
if you think about it from the longer-term perspective, having owned wide-bodies, would it in any 
way hinder the codeshare arrangements which you would have at that point of time? That's my 
first question. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Gaurav Negi: 
So, our international contribution, as we've guided earlier also, obviously, it's reached the levels 
of close to 27% in the ASK terms. On the revenue terms, it ranges between 20% to 25%. So, on a 
given quarter, it can range between 20% to 25%. So that's on the international side. 
 
Obviously, we have codeshare. We've got 8 codeshare partnerships that we have. Some are in the 
early stages, some are mature. They roughly contribute in probably mid kind of single-digit range. 
But they've been growing, as we mentioned in our kind of opening statements also. Those kind of 
arrangements have been growing at an incremental pace for us. So again, these are positive kind 
of indicators for us in terms of our ability to reach the international destinations, although be it 
through codeshares right now. 
Kushagra: 
Right. And, having own wide-body does that any way hinder the codeshare arrangements, which 
you would have at that point of time over the longer term? 
Pieter Elbers: 
No, it's all part of a holistic strategy as we elucidated to earlier. IndiGo used to be a very domestic-
heavy airline with 90% of its operation on the domestic network. We launched 2 years ago with 
trajectory to go more international. And I think we gave a guidance of moving our capacity share 
up to 25%, then to 27% and then trajected to move in the range of 30% of international capacity. 
So we're moving in that direction. And clearly, whenever the XLR will come in, that number will 
go up. 
 
What the codeshares are doing are in fact twofold, one of the codeshares or part of the codeshares, 
I should say, is a codeshare of some of the foreign airlines on IndiGo's domestic network that 
doesn't present any international exposure per se but it exposes us to international consumers and 
start to work together. The 2 other ones, the one we're having with Turkish Airlines and with 
Qantas are really connecting to international flights of IndiGo and then connecting in Istanbul and 
Singapore, respectively. 
 
Those are really preparing us for the next stage of operation. And by the time the wide-body will 
come in, we will be able to fly to many different parts of the world directly from India. And the 
good news is that at that point in time, a lot of these consumers have already had the experience 
to fly with IndiGo. And we'll see how this partnership evolve over time and how they will further 
grow and develop going forward. 
Kushagra: 
Sure. That's helpful. Just a small one, the second question, the last one. If you can clarify, is there 
any sort of a possibility of you going for further orders of 100-odd planes on the ATR side, which 
was there in the news articles. Any clarification on that side? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Yes. I think the topic of fleet came up a bit earlier during this call also. And sorry to be a bit 
repetitive, if not consistent in my answer. We keep all options open at all times to serve our 
customers and drive growth for our organization going forward. So we've had a good set of orders 
and an enormous amount of planes to be delivered. And with that, as I said, we keep all options 
open at all times. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
First question on the business product side. Is it just the seats and everything? Or is there a loyalty 
program, which can come through as well? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Earlier today, I mentioned that we will unveil more specificities of the product itself in August. 
But to your question earlier, we have already shared that we are working to enhance our loyalty 
program. We have a program today as you may be aware of, and we've announced in earlier calls 
that we are working to enhance that program as well going forward. 
Arvind Sharma: 
So that's in addition or apart from the business product? 
Pieter Elbers: 
Yes, there are 2 different things, but they are all part of the same strategy to address the Indian 
market and the evolving needs of the Indian consumers. So we have a loyalty program in place 
today or rather a sort of co-branded credit card system in place today, that is there. And as part of 
the meeting the evolving need of the Indian consumers, we announced already earlier that will 
further enhance that program, details to be unveiled. 
 
And of course, you can connect the dots between all the different steps we're taking, 
internationalization, wide-body order, now this product. It's all part of a very cohesive and integral 
strategy. And when we said earlier, 2 years ago, towards new heights and across new frontiers, 
there's a lot of different elements and ingredients. And slowly, slowly, you would see them coming 
altogether or rather not so slowly, slowly, actually quite fast, you see them all coming together in 
actual implementation. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Just one question on the accounting part. There was a tax credit this quarter. Going forward in 
fiscal '25, how many tax rates are there still? Maybe if you can give us some guidance about the 
effective tax rate for fiscal '25. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Nothing planned in terms of tax credit. This is just a DTA that we've recognized in this particular 
quarter. Again, we've got a significant amount of losses that we had incurred during the pandemic. 
So given the extent of those losses, we do not foresee any kind of a tax burden that will come on 
IndiGo at least in the next year. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sai Siddhardha from Kotak Securities Ltd. 
Sai Siddhardha: 
Yes. So firstly, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I wanted to have a bit of clarity on how 
to look at the yield given the 4Q yield was on similar lines to what we have seen in the first quarter 
as well. 
Gaurav Negi: 
Sorry, not clear on the question. Can you just repeat that, please? 
Sai Siddhardha: 
Is it better now? 
Gaurav Negi: 
Yes, we can hear you, but just repeat the question because I'm not sure I understood the question. 
Sai Siddhardha: 
So the yield in the quarter has been similar to what we have seen a strong number in first quarter. 
So I just wanted to understand how to look on the same moving forward. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Gaurav Negi: 
Again, like we said, we're not giving further guidance for the rest of the year. What we've kind of 
guided towards is on a passenger ASK levels. We are foreseeing that the revenue is going to be in 
line with what we had in Q1 of last year. So that's what we are guiding towards, a combination 
between that is the yields and the loads. So, we are not giving any further guidance in terms of 
where the yields are going to come in for this quarter as well as for the future quarters. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Parv Jain from Niveshaay Investment Advisory. 
Parv Jain: 
Sir, just wanted to ask on our plans towards regional air routes. How should we look at it in terms 
of going forward, what portion of our revenues could be from these regional destinations? And 
what portion of our revenues are currently from these regional destinations? Regional, as in I'm 
referring to the subsidized routes. 
Gaurav Negi: 
We had a number of routes that were part of the UDAN scheme that we had. Over a period of 
time, obviously, the number of routes have come down. Having said that, we've continued to 
operate those even outside of the UDAN scheme. And we classify them in our ATR fleet that we 
have. Because those are the ones where we largely focus on from a regional standpoint. 
 
That contributes roughly around the low single digits to mid-single digits in terms of contribution 
to the overall revenue. But they are an important component from a feeder traffic standpoint. They 
then feed into our larger networks of the A320 and the 321s and then also the international. 
 
So again, to Pieter's earlier point, it's a step approach in terms of our strategy we build from the 
regional when we reach out to the non-metros to the metros and then international. So, it's an 
important element of our overall strategy. 
 
But given the scale that we have, at least for the A320 fleet that we have, relative to that, it's a 
smaller fleet. It's close to 45 aircraft that are operating. And it's probably one of the biggest set of 
fleets in the regional domain. So that's broadly, I think, in terms of the regional fleet question that 
you had. 
Parv Jain: 
Gaurav, but when we look at the other airlines, they tend to usually operate there for the first initial 
years and then they tend to stop operating on those routes. In terms of IndiGo going forward, can 
we expect the routes being operated on these subsidized routes increase? Or how is that trend 
going to be? 
Pieter Elbers: 
No, I don't think you can make any prediction along that line because even these routes are 
different routes. Some of them are from non-metro to non-metro, very sort of Tier 3 or even Tier 
4 type of cities between those cities and doing quite well. Some others are feeding if you wish into 
some of the larger metros and from there providing good connectivity. 
 
And that's why the scheme is very effective for the market. It's meant to be a start-up and a 
generator for creating new routes. And as every sort of entrepreneurial approach, some of them 
succeed and some of them after a while don't succeed and then we should spend until a moment 
in the future. So, I would not be able to feel comfortable to give any numbers, so that's a percentage 
stop and open and specifically here or there. 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities Ltd. 
Aditya Mongia: 
So, I'll go with my first question. See, in the past few quarters, we've been seeing yields go up, 
even though fuel cost per ASK is coming down. Could you give us a sense of what is driving this 
phenomenon for IndiGo? Related question is that with us now seeing a decent amount of capacity 
being added by IndiGo and competitors this year. Do you expect this trend to reverse sometime in 
this year? 
Gaurav Negi: 
I think the trend was largely because there was limited capacity while we've added, but there was 
capacity that was getting taken out at an overall industry level. So that kind of enabled or gave the 
support from a yield standpoint. And that's the phenomenon that has played out since Q1 of '24 
until Q4 of '24. 
 
Again, we are testing out what Q1 is going to look like. So, we are looking at what the levels of 
yields as well as load factors are going to be again, that's why we are saying that we are foreseeing 
that the overall PRASK level is going to be similar to what we had in Q1 '24, Aditya. Beyond that, 
we are not giving any kind of estimate or a guidance. We just want to see how Q1 plays. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. The second question that I had was again taking the clue from what you had said 
earlier, could you give us a sense of what's the share in your ASK of foreign travellers, domestic 
and kind of international combined travel. What is this share in ASK of foreign travellers versus 
what will be it taking forward? Give us a sense of how, let's say, the brand of IndiGo getting up 
initiative. 
Pieter Elbers: 
I think you should make a difference and if I understand your question correct, we have a share of 
ASKs international and domestic. That share is anywhere between 25% and 27% quarter-over-
quarter in terms of ASKs. That's the ASK share as a total share. 
 
Then we have the number of flights, which is a different ratio, but let's stick to ASKs for a while. 
Then we welcomed last year 107 million, 106.7 million to be precise customers on board of the 
network. This is a mixture of domestic or, I should say, Indian consumers and non-Indian 
consumers. Those non-Indian consumers, some of them are overseas living, some of them are 
having different sort of point of place of residence. So, it's very difficult to differentiate that. 
 
What we can say, though, is that with the further increase of one, our own international network; 
and two, the increase of codeshares that we see an increasing share of sort of non-Indian travellers 
on our network, but the vast, vast, vast majority number significantly higher than our ASK share 
are still Indian consumers. And again, that speaks, I think, to the growth of the Indian market and 
many of the new destinations, which we have opened, for example, those in Central Asia, we see 
a high demand from the Indian consumer side in making use of these travel options. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that will be our last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pieter Elbers for closing comments. 
Pieter Elbers: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, thanks a lot for joining us today evening. The financial 
year 2024 has been a year of really many remarkable achievements and milestones. Moving to the 
next financial year, we're highly energized by the growth path ahead of us adding more than 1 

IndiGo 
May 23, 2024 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
aircraft every week. The journey towards 2030 will be cemented by an increasing number of planes 
and increasing number of happy customers and a network that will allow us to further enable our 
purpose of giving wings to the nation by connecting people and aspirations. Thank you for joining 
and wishing you a wonderful evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IndiGo, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
  Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and is not a verbatim record of the call  
 
