PEARL GLQBAL 
Exceeding Expectation s ... Always 
PGIL/SE/2024-25/016 
Date: May 27, 2024 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATE SERVICES -
CRD 
BSE LIMITED 
1 ST FLOOR, NEW TRADING RING 
ROTUNDA BUILDING, P. J. TOWERS 
DALAL STREET, FORT, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Reg: Scrip Code: BSE-532808; 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
LISTING DEPARTMENT 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LTD. 
"EXCHANGE PLAZA", PLOT NO. C- 1, 
G- BLOCK, BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX, 
BANDRA(E ), 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
NSE-PGIL 
In continuation to our letter dated May 22, 2024, regarding submission of audio recording of the call 
conference held with Investors/ Analyst on May 22, 2024, to discuss Company's audited financial results 
for the Efuarter-and year ended March 31, 2024, please find enelesed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
Conference Call. 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Pearl Global Industries Limited 
(Shilpa Bud-hia) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Mem. No. ACS-23564 
Encl.: As above 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
corp. Office: Pearl Tower, Plot No. 51. Sector-32, Gurugram -122001. Haryana (India) 
T: +91-124-4651000 I E: info@pearlglobal.com 
CIN: L7 4899DL1989PLC036849 
Regd. Office: C-17 /1. Paschimi Marg, Vasant Vihar. New Delhi -110057 
WW 'I/ pt>ct• 15 ul)::J. 
( om I 
Shilpa 
Budhia
Digitally signed by 
Shilpa Budhia 
Date: 2024.05.27 
18:16:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Pearl Global Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PALLAB BANERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SANJAY GANDHI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on 
the stock exchange on 22nd May 2024 will prevail. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pearl Global Industries Limited Q4 and FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pallab Banerjee, Managing Director of Pearl Global 
Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you. Hello, this is Pallab Banerjee. Hello, everyone. Good morning. Welcome to our Q4 
and Financial year '24 Earnings Conference Call. Along with me, we have our Group CFO, 
Sanjay Gandhi and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
I hope all of you have had a chance to go through our annual results and the investor 
presentations uploaded on the exchange and our company website. Our outstanding performance 
for fiscal year 2024 is a proof that our strategies are working and a testament to our competitive 
advantage as a global manufacturer. Our sustained growth, despite being one of the difficult 
years, is driven by leveraging our core strengths of multi-country products in market design 
expertise and strategic customer relationships. 
This growth primarily stemmed from increased orders from our existing customers, yielding 
better relationships, as well as value-added sales from the customers which we acquired over the 
last five years. Let me start with an overview of the industry. The global textile and the apparel 
market is projected to be relatively flat this coming year, due to various macro factors, 
uncertainties, and volatile geopolitical reasons. 
Western country major players are being cautious due to the various elections which are 
scheduled this particular year, while the Asian economies continue to march ahead a little bit 
more sustainably. However, these developing Asian economies are also confronted with 
challenges, such as escalating labor and production expenses in major manufacturing nations, 
prompting companies to relocate their production to more cost-effective locations.  
Additionally, the volatility in raw material prices poses some certain certainty challenges for us, 
but nonetheless, there are enough opportunities in meeting and overcoming and with this 
evolving consumer preferences for eco-friendly, sustainable, and organic materials, as well as 
in capitalizing on the rapid expansion of e-commerce, which broadens the accessible 
marketplaces for apparel brands and retailers. 
Now, the Asia-Pacific region dominates the global textile and the apparel market, primarily due 
to the significant presence of key manufacturing nations. Among these, China remains the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
largest textile producer and consumer, while India is emerging as a rapidly growing economy 
for both export as well as consumption. Other notable performers include Vietnam, Bangladesh, 
and Indonesia, where our operations are very well established. 
Throughout the previous year, the industry encountered several challenges. These included 
persistent geopolitical tensions globally, which impacted industry operations, particularly in 
global trades, where demand saw fluctuations, significant fluctuations, and this disrupted the 
international trade as well. These circumstances have been notable, have had a notable influence 
on the Indian textile sector as well, particularly those segments which are heavily dependent on 
the exports. 
Now, if I talk about US. All the retailers and brands have effectively bounced back from the 
excess inventory situation which they experienced last year. Moving forward, we expect to see 
a gradual enhancement in the consumer confidence as well, highlighting the resilience and the 
robustness of not only the US economy, but also other worldwide economies as well. However, 
the industry captains are playing very cautiously optimistic approach. 
Due to the upcoming elections, end of this particular year, they want to be close, they actually 
want to buy close to the selling season to avoid over-inventory situation once again. Thus, they 
are preferring the near shore and the faster transit options. For us, now, faster transit options 
from the manufacturing countries, I mean. Now, the Red Sea adverse situation is not in favor of 
this particular strategy. 
However, for us, there is no effect of cost for the Red Sea situation that we are facing since last 
one year because all our shipping are in FOB terms. As long as we can deliver the goods faster, 
they need actually one week early so that the extra time that is needed if they have to go through 
around the African continent. So, that one week is definitely expected from us that we deliver 
faster. 
Now, our manufacturing setup in Guatemala, where transit time to USA is just over a week, is 
getting more and more queries and lots of interest from these customers. However, the capacity 
in Central America is limited and would be just a fraction of what we have in Asia till date. 
Other markets like United Kingdom and European Union are still going conservative. 
However, I must say that the successful retailers and the strong players are strategizing 
themselves to achieve better results than the forecasted macros. If I talk about Australia, Asia 
and Japan, these markets are relatively upbeat. Most of them have come out of the COVID 
lockdowns only in 2023, especially like if you talk of China and the Australia and Japan market 
also we saw the momentum started coming up only in 2023. 
And these may be relatively distanced from the geopolitical tensions that we see causing a direct 
impact for the Western economies. Now, if we continue, for us, we will continue to increase our 
Bangladesh operations, looking at several advantages that we have there. It has readily available 
a very stable, skilled workforce, experienced middle management, and a very strong ecosystem 
of banking support, improving logistical infrastructure that is happening in that country. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
And above all, we have some favorable trade agreements. This enables us and our manufacturing 
operations to uphold the high production standards and meeting of the service levels that is 
demanded by our customers internationally. And we can do it with ease. 
With regards to the wage hike in Bangladesh that we experienced end of last year, which we 
discussed also in our last quarter call, the increase in Bangladesh wages, if you remember, would 
create an impact between 12% to 15% of our wage bills. Overall, from a profit and loss 
perspective, it changes by approximately 1% to 1.5% when we compare to the top line. Now, 
we had already planned to overcome this challenge through automation and efficiency 
improvements. The current devaluation that happened in the Bangladeshi Taka, which took place 
recently, is an additional help to us. 
In Vietnam, we will continue to grow. However, at a relatively steadier pace, like whatever you 
have seen in the last three to four years, the kind of pace that we had, we will continue to grow 
there, but with a relatively steadier pace and continue to service our higher-end customers. 
Indonesia will gain back its numbers. These were down over the last two years when we were 
building and shifting to our new facility away from the seashore. If you remember, right now 
we had – because of global warming, definitely the seashore is not a safe place to run a factory. 
In India, we enhanced our existing capacities in the states of Haryana, Karnataka, and Tamil 
Nadu over the last year. And going forward, you will see us investing and starting production in 
other states as well, where we find the availability of trained labor force and is relatively less 
expensive than our existing production locations. We will plan to further automate all our 
facilities and all our processes, maximize the use of existing capacities and expanding them. 
We will continue to invest in improving our operations, implementing stronger governance 
processes, digitization of all our factories, and improving our financial rating. We are already 
aware of our dividend and capital allocation policies. We already have announced our strategic 
plans and objectives for 2028, and we feel that we are marching solidly on track. 
We will continue to add and grow with customers who are getting stronger in the world market. 
We will stay away and decrease our exposure for anyone which is becoming financially weak 
or we feel they are risky. We will see us continuing to enhance our achievements by exceeding 
our past records of revenue, capacity, efficiencies, and thereby directly enhancing our bottom 
line profits. 
We are dedicated to each of these objectives through the strategies that we shared with you in 
February meeting in Mumbai, which involves expansion plans, marketing and designing focused 
product categories, strengthening our strategies with the current customer relationships, and 
increasing the wallet share, how much they're spending with us. So in nutshell, this is what we 
have for you. Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Gandhi, our group CFO, who 
will provide you with the insights on the financial performance. Sanjay, over to you. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you, Pallab. Good morning, everyone. I am delighted to announce yet another strong year 
for our company, marked by remarkable financial and operational achievement at the group 
level. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Starting with consolidated financial highlights, 
I am pleased to announce that for financial year 2024, on a consolidated basis, our revenue has 
increased by 8.8% year-on-year to INR3,436.2 crores versus INR3,158.4 crores in FY23. This 
growth was achieved on the back of our overseas revenue, which witnessed a growth of 21% 
year-on-year. For Q4FY24, revenue grew by 20.2% year-on-year and stood at INR877.4 crores.  
For FY24, we are happy to share that we have crossed INR300 crores mark with respect to 
consolidated adjusted EBITDA and reached INR316.4 crores, which is a growth of 22.5% year-
on-year compared to INR258.2 crores in FY23. Please note that adjusted EBITDA excludes 
ESOP expenses of INR8.6 crores in FY24 and INR2.7 crores in FY23. Going ahead, considering 
same allotment, ESOP expenses for next year will be in the range of INR4.5 crores to INR5 
crores. For Q4 FY24, adjusted EBITDA witnessed a growth of 30.8% year-on-year and stood at 
INR83.9 crores compared to INR64.2 crores in Q4 FY23. This excludes ESOP expenses of 
INR2.5 crores and INR1.4 crores in Q4 FY24 and Q4 FY23, respectively. Furthermore, our 
adjusted EBITDA margins saw a year-on-year improvement of 100 basis points, rising from 
8.2% in FY23 to 9.2% in FY24. 
The enhancement of operational efficiency notably contributed to increased revenue in 
Bangladesh, fostering economies of scale and subsequently boosting the EBITDA margin for 
our international operations. For Q4 FY24, we have witnessed 80 bps improvement in adjusted 
EBITDA margins, which grew from 8.8% in Q4 FY23 to 9.6% in Q4 FY24. 
PAT for the year stood at INR169.1 crores versus INR153 crores in FY23, which is a growth of 
10.5% year-on-year. However, if we look after PAT after minority interest, it stood at INR174.8 
crores in FY24 compared to INR149.3 crores in FY23. 
For Q4 FY24, PAT after minority interest stood at INR51.3 crores in Q4 compared to INR51.9 
crores in Q4 FY23, which shows a degrowth of 1%. However, there was an exceptional gain of 
INR17.8 crores in Q4 FY23 and INR13.5 crores in FY23. Excluding that, we have seen a good 
profitability both for Q4 FY24 as well as FY24. EPS for FY24 grew to INR40.26 per share in 
FY24 versus INR34.45 per share in FY23. 
Coming to standalone financials, 
Revenue for the year stood at INR953.7 crores versus INR1,103.8 crores in FY23, a degrowth 
of 13.6% year-on-year. The decline is mainly because of low sale volume in knit business. One 
major reason for such decline is the business transition to Bangladesh. For Q4 FY24, revenue 
stood at INR320 crores, which is a growth of 16.6% year-on-year compared to INR274.6 in Q4 
FY23. The growth witnessed was due to increase in the woven business. 
Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR49.3 crores. Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 5.2% in FY24 
compared to 6.4% in FY23. The margin pressure was due to employee expenses and other 
expenses being fixed in nature, thus negatively affecting EBITDA with decline in revenue. 
For Q4 FY24, adjusted EBITDA stood at INR20.6 crores with adjusted EBITDA margin at 
6.4%. PAT for FY24 stood at INR28.2 crores whereas Q4 FY24 PAT stood at INR11.9 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
While numbers for current FY23-24 for standalone have shown degrowth and drop in 
profitability, we continue to work on capacity expansion in existing factories and also look for 
suitable opportunities in other states in India on the backdrop of customer acquisition, increase 
in wallet share, the strategy which put in place in FY23-24. 
We are confident of improved performance on a standalone basis as we start FY24-25. Our 
strong performance at a group level is reflected with our strengthening balance sheet. On a 
consolidated basis, our gross debt is similar to last year level of INR445 crores in FY24 versus 
INR448 crores in FY23. 
Net debt to EBITDA stand at 0.25 times for FY24. Return on capital employed improved from 
24.2% in FY23 to 28.2% in FY24, which is a growth of 400 basis point year on year. The return 
on capital employed has improved due to profitability in overseas market, prudent capital 
allocation policy and efficient working capital management. Margin money earmarked LC 
payment is excluded from capital employed calculation. We have used net debt to arrive at above 
stated return on capital employed. 
Net working capital days decreased from 38 days in FY23 to 30 days in FY24. Debtor increased 
to 28 days in FY24 from 24 days in FY23. Inventory days decreased to 53 days in FY24 from 
59 days in FY23. Creditor days increased to 52 days in FY24 from 45 days in FY23. On a steady 
state basis with the growth in the business and the customer mix, we believe that net working 
capital days around 35 days should be a stable state for us going forward. 
To add to point of BD wages, Bangladesh wages and its impact on profitability, to update the 
recent development in the month of May, Bangladesh Bank has unveiled the Crawling Peg 
Exchange Rate System and an odd bank to buy and sell US dollars freely nearly Taka 117. A 
Crawling Peg System is a method of exchange rate adjustment that allows a currency with a 
fixed exchange rate to fluctuate within a band of rates. It is a hybrid of fixed and floating 
exchange rate system. 
Central Bank in Bangladesh has also dispended the smart formula to make interest rates in the 
banking system fully market-based linked thereafter. Central Bank's announcement was in light 
of the conditions set by the IMF. 
During the year, we have incurred a property plant and equipment capex of INR115 crores and 
additional INR1.25 crores approximately towards other IT related capex. 
Capex of PPE, property plant and equipment was incurred across geographies for growth, 
upgradation, automation and leasehold improvements and also replacement. In India, we have 
incurred a capex of INR42 crores where 50% was towards the growth capex and 50% towards 
maintenance and leasehold improvement. In Bangladesh, the total capex was incurred INR40 
crores where 55% was towards upgradation and automation and 45% towards maintenance and 
leasehold improvement. In Indonesia, we have incurred a total capex of INR16 crores towards 
capitalization of the building from CWIP. And so, in fact this is also a growth capex. In Vietnam, 
we have incurred a total capex of INR13 crores of which INR5 crores was towards automation 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
and INR8 crores was building improvement. In Guatemala, we have incurred INR4 crores 
towards growth capex. 
As you are all aware, we have a dividend policy in place wherein the company will declare 
dividend of at least 20% of consolidated profit after tax in a given year to the shareholder. We 
are happy to share that in the fiscal year of FY’24, we distributed a dividend amounting to 
INR38.1 crores which is 22.5% of our consolidated profit after tax. 
  
Going ahead, with a robust performance in FY’24 coupled with a strong and diverse customer 
base and geographical presence, we are well positioned for a strong performance in the coming 
years and are well on track to achieve our stated guidance for FY’28. 
Thank you. We shall now open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Hemant Shah from Seven Islands 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Hemant Shah: 
Hi, good morning and thank you for this opportunity and congratulations Pallab and team for 
the fantastic numbers. I have two broad questions, Pallab. I think February's FY’24 presentation 
says that we are on track to achieve almost INR6,000 crores to INR6,200 crores of top line by 
FY’28, as even the CFO reiterated in his comment. 
So just wanted to check and considering the slowdown we face this year and some futuristic, 
inorganic or organic growth is in mind. I'm just trying to gauge how we are planning to achieve 
this INR6,000 crores top line by FY’28 and are we on the track to achieve it and how? And just 
a broad view overview about it. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you Mr. Hemant Shah. Very valid question. And I was just mentioning in my speech that 
we are solidly on track on this strategy that we presented to all of you in the month of February. 
The strategy remains exactly the same. We are focusing on the customers who will give us the 
top tier customers like who will give us the maximum revenue and the second tier customers 
who will continue to grow with us and then the other tiers like where we are adding continuously 
our new customers and executing the business of the current that we have. 
Of course, like you know with all the things that is happening in the world we continue to always 
very closely watch the performance of our customers as well. Like anywhere we find risk then 
we start decreasing the volume there and wherever like we find the strength, our focus and 
energy is more towards those guys like you know, who are performing well. 
In terms of the numbers that we have talked about, we are, as I mentioned solidly on track. We 
were confident that this particular year 2024 we will be ending up with the growth. May not be 
like the 15% or 20% that we talked about at the CAGR level but this was an exceptional year. 
That's why there is a little bit of drop but still we have closed around 9% and I think if you can 
see, do some comparison with some of the other industry peers like we are definitely can't say 
that we are going weak. We are becoming stronger only. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
And naturally like the play that we have in terms of both growing the capacity, growing the 
wallet share with the customers. I think all of the strategies that we have discussed and 
highlighted in February, we are each on each one of them I would say we are solidly on track. 
Hemant Shah: 
Great, great to hear that Pallab. So basically barring FY’24, I mean we can comfortably expect 
at least 15% to 18% CAGR growth right. So with that I mean for FY’27 we can definitely expect 
almost over INR5,500 crores of sales and as you mentioned EBITDA should be in the region of 
10% or so, correct? 
Pallab Banerjee:  
Yes, because you see like you know, as the number goes up we are not in this whole plan we 
have not talked about any acquisition of a new business. This is the organic growth that we are 
doing with the kind of infrastructure that we have. Only thing that we are adding are the new 
facilities to this plan. Of course like we will always be open if some other opportunity comes up 
we will look into that. 
But this particular plan that we have we are I think solidly on track and as the number goes up, 
always there are operational efficiency that builds up. So that gives us that you know the 
confidence also in terms of the bottom line performance that we have been promising all of you. 
So that number continues to improve. 
Hemant Shah: 
Great, great Pallab, fantastic to hear that. Lastly with this respect to this only with this existing 
infrastructure, what kind of revenues, optimum revenues we can generate I mean as of today, 
barring the expansion which we are planning in the next two, three years or so to reach almost 
INR6,000 crores I think we need to invest something but with the existing infrastructure what 
kind of revenues and what kind of sales we can generate? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, so if you see like, if you go back one year, one and half year, we had the kind of 
infrastructure that we had, we could maximize it towards 80 million pieces of production. Now 
as I speak to you today, this is enhanced already to about 84 million pieces approximately. So 
this number so even the year was tough but we didn't change the plan because you see like we 
are continuously in touch with our strategic customers, how they are thinking, what are their 
planning for the next two to three years, so that conversation is always solidly on. 
 
So, with that we have not stopped in the background. Our enhancement capacities with the 
existing infrastructure that we have had and then this particular year, as I mentioned like in India, 
wherever we had the factories, so we are definitely maximizing those capacities and building up 
to be ready if the business – as the business goes up, we should be able to service it well because 
in India, we don't have so much of partner factory, but yes like we are continuing to try and get 
some partnerships as well. So that is happening in India. 
Now going forward, we are seeing a good opportunity because of the government initiatives and 
all, we can open up some facilities in the other states, where the availability of the workforce as 
well as the cost is better. Similarly, like if you talk of all other regions in Bangladesh, we have 
strengthened the current capacity utilization and also the partnerships that we have already out 
there, at the same time we continue to look for opportunities to grow and acquire more factories. 
So that will continue to happen. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Vietnam, we already have a good capacity because of our own factory as well as the partnership 
factories. We continue to grow that number on basis of the capacity already we have as we utilize 
more and more. In Indonesia, we had the change like in fact we had shut down one of the factory 
and we built up a new factory more inland. 
So that has now complete like numbers will just go up there so that capacity no change out there. 
But Guatemala, the capacity has added in this last one year. So if you see like that's how like we 
have got from 80 to 84 already or towards our path to become 120 million to 140 million kind 
of capacity that we should be having for 2028 how we are planning. 
Hemant Shah: 
Wonderful. And lastly with respect to this only, will there be any per unit improvement in 
realization going forward? Because I think we are adding the good value added products in 
Vietnam and I think even Indonesia right? The high value high margin products. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Hemant Shah: 
Like that’s something -- 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. Always our endeavor would be to get to a better UVR, but when we do the projections like 
what we have shared with you in February in Mumbai that's something that we are not even 
adding those benefits if that comes those benefit comes it will be additional. So, we are still 
taking like because you see like in our industry always there is a variability in terms of raw 
material cost, in terms of other fluctuating macro factors.  
So, yes, our endeavor always, always at every moment is to get to a better UVR get a better 
efficiency and better realization, better bottom-line. So UVR is an important part in that. We'll 
definitely will continue to try to get more and more better UVRs, but that's something which is 
to some extent we have a control if we are exposing ourselves more to the customers who are 
giving us a higher value and decreasing ourselves with the customers who are very competitive. 
So I don't want to restrict that to us. So that is why all our strategy we have made is on the basis 
of a similar kind of UVR, but yes if that comes in as we clock better and better you will see a 
better advantage from our side. 
Hemant Shah: 
Right. Thank you. And secondly lastly just one more question, I mean the company Pearl Group 
has done fantastic over the last three years once it started all this expansion. I think FY '22 
EBITDA is now even more -- the PAT level is even more today actually the FY '22 EBITDA 
was INR150 crores odd. And today the PAT is INR170 crores and FY '24 and that's a fantastic 
growth. The ROCE, ROE is amazingly strong. 
 
So my question with respect to this is the peer comparison -- if I compare Pearl Global with 
directly with Gokaldas because this is the largest company actually in fact in terms of, I mean, 
the size of Pearl is even bigger than Gokaldas per se, but as a valuation wise Gokaldas is the 
largest peer comparison. I mean, I'll be very honest to compare directly with one-on-one. What 
is the difference between us and Gokaldas in terms of the products as well as, what do you think 
where we are lagging in terms of valuation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Because we have, I mean, as per my view we are present across the globe where the garment 
industry is penetrated quite well. We have also penetrated in Vietnam, Indonesia, Sri Lanka 
including India, Gokaldas has just started, I mean, they are more focused on India. We are also 
almost now INR3,500 crores companies Gokaldas is also talking of 15% CAGR and today they 
are almost INR2,300 crores companies so by '28 there will be almost say almost INR4,500 crores 
company we will be almost INR6,000 crores company. So what is there, what we are missing in 
terms of valuation, according to you? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
And that's a difficult one. I would say, see what when we took over in 2019, the way that we 
have strategized ourselves in terms of the governance, in terms of all the parameters all the ratios 
that we are coming back to you quarter after quarter telling that, okay like, this is our plan and 
we are achieving that. So I think that journey maybe Gokaldas started before us somehow, like 
today Gokaldas has got a much better confidence of the , I would say, the street compared to us, 
but I think we have also started our communication and conversation with all of you since 2021 
end and I can only think of that like, most of the investors are still watching us, have seen us. 
 
But I don't see in terms of our performance in terms of our parameters that we have defined 
ourselves and the kind of EBITDA that we are targeting we have already improved quite a lot, 
we have already said that between by 2028 we should be anywhere between 10 to 12, even if 
you talk of 11% then we should be very close and yes, our numbers would be more and so far, 
we are only talking about organic growth. We have not done any acquisition of business that 
doesn't mean that, we don't want to do it but that is not the way that we are trying to increasing 
the value at this point of time of Pearl. So there is enough opportunity and I would say the kind 
of infrastructure that we had in Pearl, I want to maximize that definitely and I think you are 
seeing it, I think all of you are noticing that, okay, this is the infrastructure that we had and this 
is the kind of result that we can deliver and today like we had INR300 crores plus in terms of 
EBITDA. And if you do 10% to 11% that we are talking about easily, as we grow our revenue 
top line so that number will continue to grow and I think it's easy calculation for all of you to 
see that and I think that's something the market has to realize and give a proper valuation to Pearl 
as well. 
 
And any other thing, like I am very open we are open to listen, we will adapt ourselves to if 
anything that we are doing wrong or if we think that something has to be corrected in our 
approach. So that's something like I think we are very open and communicative at this point of 
time with the market. So we are listening, whatever you're telling us we will be talking to you, 
we'll be communicating with you, we'll be understanding the needs and we definitely want to 
increase the valuation because a proper valuation is something that all of us would like to have. 
Hemant Shah: 
Yes. I understand. And I appreciate your thought process also because even now the dividend 
payout is also amazingly investor friendly EBITDA is now stabilizing and what you said INR300 
crores EBITDA maybe in FY '25 with 15% CAGR growth the INR400 crores EBITDA will 
become INR400 crores PAT the way it has become 22 EBITDA has become a PAT of 24 I think 
25 EBITDA can become PAT of 28. So that's an amazing journey Pallab. I think, yes, market 
will take its own course, I'm sure and all the best Pallab, thank you for this opportunity, all the 
best. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashya Jain from Jain Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashya Jain: 
Yes, hi. A couple of questions from my end. So firstly, how's Q1 FY '25 show up so far, so how 
do you see the demand going forward as well, so globally many players are bullish on the 
demand outlook, so how are we looking at it and do we anticipate any slowdown at an industrial 
level? 
Pallab Banerjee:  
Mr. Jain, thank you for your question. I think the demand is at this point of time healthy. I think 
the biggest factor that we had in 2023 was the over inventory situation that we are facing in the 
US retailer. So that I think, now we are completely over with, so naturally the numbers, I think 
we have discussed this enough in the last few quarters, the numbers I was expecting it to jump 
up by the depth whatever the decrease that that happened, because of the over investigation that 
I think is back. So that definitely you will see playing in the market, so I don't think anybody 
will complain in terms of or the orderbook at this point of time. 
 
But if you talk about the US market specifically then what I find is most of the industry captains 
are still a little conservative and they're very cautious, I would say, they are doing a very 
cautiously optimistic kind of approach towards the business and that's mainly because of the 
elections, because of some of the geopolitics that is going on at this point of time and the inflation 
interest rates still continues to be high, these are the things, I think is still affecting the decision 
making of some of these big retailers and all. 
 
Now but at the same time, they have plans and they are planning for the expansion maybe like 
low single digit number for this particular financial year. If you talk of Europe and UK definitely 
went into some kind of official recession as they said and Europe also some of the countries are 
very slow, but still I think most of the retailers have been very conservative for some time, but 
the better ones, like, if you talk, think people like Inditex or some of them, they continue to be 
aggressive, they continue to grow despite any challenges that is thrown by the market to them. 
 
So that's something like, there are players who have a strong strategy will continue to grow and 
they will be against the macro factors like, even if it is slowing them down, they would have 
some means or ways or strategies to overcome that. If you talk of the Australia market that's 
relatively much more bullish, Japanese market is much more confident at this point of time 
compared to the last couple of years, if you talk of China market, they had just come out of the 
pandemic restrictions in 2023, end of that particular year, so they are quite bullish. 
 
So I think overall global and that's why, as a company Pearl Global, we are not only in terms of 
global in terms of our manufacturing, but also we want to supply our customers globally. So for 
example a brand, which could be an American brand but may be retailing in Asia in some of 
these countries like China and other places or like a Japanese brand, which could be globally 
supplying. 
 
So we do supply to them globally from all our manufacturing hubs, so that's the objective, that's 
the intention that Pearl continues to march upon and we think we are solidly on track on that. So 
yes, a long answer to your small question of how the demand would be. I think demand is back 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
on track at this point of time. Although, it will be conservative, it will be low-single digit growth 
globally that I personally foresee, but yes, like if I am with the right partners, if I am with -- if I 
have the attention of the right players, who are definitely going to meet the market macro factors 
so then I can do the same with them. So that's the approach that we have. 
Ashya Jain: 
Understood. Thank you for the detailed answers. Sir, lastly just can you provide some 
information on our company's capex plan for this financial year FY'25? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Sanjay, you're going to take that?  
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Sure. I'd just to add here on the capex plan for FY'25 and going forward. So as a part of our four-
year plan we said we'll be investing anywhere between INR500 crores to INR550 crores in next 
four years. Coming specific to FY'24-'25, in India, we are looking at a capex between -- 
commitment to the capex around INR70 crores to INR90 crores of capex in India for the capacity 
expansion in other states which we just mentioned in our earlier commentary, plus there will be 
IT-related capex which will be incurred which is towards automation and digitization across 
factories, newly factory and also some of the existing factory. That's in India capex plan. 
 
And then, in Bangladesh, we will be looking for some kind of an opportunity of capacity 
expansion. The amount as such is not really confirmed, but yes, we will be looking to add maybe 
1,000 to 1,500 machine capacity in our overall journey, as we have mentioned very clearly that 
how do we want to build on the capacity, I think that's the plan. So we are evaluating, we 
continue to evaluate the existing facility. And as and when the opportunity is there, we'll be 
definitely looking at that. 
 
In Vietnam and Indonesia, we don't have any plan of capex as of now. Indonesia, already we 
have done this year, last year. In Vietnam also there is not much capex. Guatemala, we have 
already completed the capitalization on 31st of March. So this is a broad capex bifurcation, 
which is primarily towards the growth. In addition, there may be a maintenance capex which 
may be there in India and Bangladesh considering the factories have been operating for a number 
of years which can be around INR8 crores to INR10 crores in India and likewise same number 
for Bangladesh. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. Thank you, Sanjay sir. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Sorry, I have a little bit of throat issue today. But again, like you know very clear, there are 
opportunities at this point of time especially in countries like India and Bangladesh I think there 
is a significant growth that can happen. So we do have an eye continuously in terms of any 
opportunity that is coming our way. So in India, like as you said, like we will be opening up 
some factories in the other states. So that might need some capex, so that we will be incurring.  
And then in Bangladesh also same. Bangladesh maybe like will not go for any kind of a new 
facility to build up in the short run. There are very good infrastructures that is available in 
Bangladesh and because of all these ups and downs that happens in the market, there are some 
good infrastructures always available for us to look at seriously. So that's something like we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
continue to look at, if something is good, we will go for it. So those are the things like, as Sanjay 
mentioned, number wise in our direction. And this is the thought behind it, as I said. 
Ashya Jain: 
Understood sir. Thank you so much. That's all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanchit Chawla from Subhkam Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanchit Chawla: 
So couple of questions from my side. Am I audible? 
Moderator:  
Yes, you are audible. 
Sanchit Chawla: 
Yes. So I wanted to understand, could you just help me understand how has the margin journey 
happened from 4% to 9% over the last few years, what were the low-hanging fruits that you've 
been able to capture? And part B of the same question is now that you've guided for 300 to 400 
bps margin expansion over the next three, four years, wanted to understand how those margins 
will come? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, Pallab, shall I take this? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
You start first, yes. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So in terms of the margin improvement, first, we said there were combination of three we have 
highlighted in our earning calls and we mentioned in the report also, basically the expansion in 
margins is three or four factors, one is the operating leverage which was there in some of the 
factories, which we commenced operation but were in the stage of getting stabilized. That really 
helped in terms of improvement in margin.  
The second is the change in the customer mix. Then third is a product, along with them comes a 
higher margin product and that is the second reason for us to really bring an improvement in the 
margin. Third is the leveraging of our overseas infrastructure, so we have marketing design 
offices in U.S., UK, Spain. Now this infrastructure is capable of handling -- generating let's say 
X number of volume. Earlier it was X by 2, so that helps in overall leveraging of the situation 
and still we believe there is an opportunity for us to leverage it even further this international 
infrastructure what we already have.  
We stated our journey is from 10% to 12% of EBITDA in next three to four years and Pallab 
also mentioned in his commentary that with the scale what we are targeting to really grow our 
number of pieces as we mentioned in February from 51 million pieces of FY'23 based to 
somewhere close to 90 million to 100 million pieces. I think those scales will give us enough 
room to really expand our margin and reach that band which we just mentioned on the EBITDA 
side. Pallab, you may please add in case I missed something. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, I think this is exactly what you mentioned all the three points. So, yes, first is that now we 
have a very robust governance in terms of how we are investing, what kind of capital allocation, 
which new factory that is coming up, by how soon it can break even? So those are the strategies 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
that we have a very, very strong robust governance on that. So that's something is definitely 
helping us.  
Before that if you look at my history and whatever I studied like was a problem that was 
restricting this margin was this kind of very rigor may not have been done before the expansion 
because yes, the company was in a very, very high exclusive rate of expansion earlier also but 
yes, it was not synchronized the top line and the other expansion that was happening.  
So that I think we have plugged that one problem. That definitely helped us in a big way. And 
the infrastructure that always Pearl had being in the international market and have some kind of 
representation in the countries like England or Spain or U.S., like we built it up much more on 
it, much more professionalized it, had the right team, right people who can interact with the 
customers very well. So definitely it was and initially a cost was definitely hitting our bottom 
line because the volumes were still low.  
Now as this volume continues to grow up, we'll continue to see that advantage. Any kind of 
overhead that you built up in the organization, because if the number goes up, then definitely it 
helps. So there were two or three things. And any expansion that now we are doing, as Sanjay 
just mentioned, like it's very, very well planned, what kind of ROI, how soon we can hit it, where 
is the customer lined up for it, what kind of volume will start with, what kind of product that 
we'll be making? So those two kind of things are much more well-disciplined. I think we can see 
broadly the three reasons because of which you are seeing this change. 
Sanchit Chawla: 
Perfect, got that. And my second question was on how is the pricing of the garment decided? So 
if you give the design to the retailer, can the retailer in turn give those designs to other 
manufacturers, just wanted to understand what percentage of overall garments your supply have 
your designs…? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So there are two things. Normally for a retailer, they have to work always through the retail price 
points. There's a certain product at a certain location in the store if you walk in on day one or 
day 360 of the year, you'll see that the price point is very similar at that same location, so it's 
very difficult for a retailer to change the price. If you're selling a certain product on a particular 
hangar, on a particular location of the store, let's say of $19, that will not change if you go back 
after maybe a couple of years also you might find that the price point remains the same. 
So naturally, what they do is always design into that price point. What is the new thing that the 
customer is looking for, what the fashion trends are so that they can still give attractive 
interesting product to the consumer but at the same kind of price points. This is the retailers' 
challenge. Now for us, manufacturers, we also have to take care of other things to get to that 
what should be the buying price of that. now when we are designing something or when we are 
talking together with the customer to create a product and then do it we have a better control 
because we know it from beginning okay this is the price point for which this product is getting 
designed and this is how this product will be sold at this particular price point. 
So whatever I do I can plan much better and then there is the other option is that the certain 
retailers they have designed something in-house and then they go to maybe 10 different 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
manufacturers and say like who gives me the best price, get the order. So in that case definitely 
it's a competitive price in that place. So it doesn't mean that we in the first option when I'm 
creating a design that I will be getting maybe couple of dollars extra maybe like those 10 cents, 
15 cents, 20 cents, 30 cents, 40 cents better than the other one, but yes we get a better control 
we get a better visibility so that's what is important and matters to us. 
Sanchit Chawla: 
Okay so I'm not very clear with this I just wanted to try to understand what is your pricing power 
here. So if you could just help me with one data point what percentage of your overall garments 
you supply where you have your own design? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So when we are supplying to the customers today where we have some kind of design input 
maybe a partial one or a complete one so that number today offhand from top of my head I would 
be say close to about 50% in which we had certain role to play. So that means like you get an 
insurance again this is the kind of product that will be booking at the end of the day. 
Sanchit Chawla: 
50%? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Of a total yes.  
Sanchit Chawla: 
Perfect. Thank you so much, thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats to the management team for an exceptional 
performance during tough times with good return on capital matrix as well. My first question is 
on the debtor days when I look at it like 4 years, 5 years ago it used to be in the 45 days-50 days 
range and I think last year FY24 you've gone it down to 25 days. So can you help us understand 
what has driven that has there been some substitution of margins to be able to bring down debtor 
data days and also whether this 25 is sustainable as you scale up in the next 3 years? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So I can start and then Sanjay you can add definitely thank you first of all Mr. Singhal for the 
question and I think very good inputs always I get from you. Now this particular one like we 
had done certain policies and strategies at our end in terms of both risk mitigation as well as to 
ease the working capital. So that  particular factoring part is continuing to bring down the number 
of days that you are seeing and yes like going forward if I have to look at it as I expose myself 
more in terms of other geographies like let's say to Japan market or to Australia market and all. 
Now certain like US market or European market they work more in terms of buy is much more 
shorter and much more frequent compared to some of the retailers in other these markets which 
could be they do longer lead time or maybe like they buy twice a year some of them. So those 
are things will alter a little bit I would say, but we don't see a huge variation. I really like if I 
look at it if you ask me I think the best would be around 35 to 40 in that range 30 to 40 range 
maybe maximum 45, but I think that's where like we would continue to retain contain it in the 
30s Sanjay why don’t you detail it much better.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So basically the total working capital days we are we I mean as we keep growing and in 
the scale what we have envisage or vision to reach is by FY28 with a mix of the customer from 
Japan, Australia, UK and USA. I think overall net working capital days could be around 35 to 
40 days however for the debtors days our target will remain to be hovering around 30 days time 
period plus minus two three days that's what the target is. 
And I think with all the non-recourse financing we have in place for existing one and focus to 
bring that same kind of a method of realization or mechanics of realization for the new customer 
we should be continuing to maintain on a debtor days, what Pallab just mentioned about the 
longer period a little bit inventory that may have elongate the inventory days by 4 to 5 days time 
period but overall we are looking at net working capital days anywhere between 35 days, 37 
days. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And this is compared to 35 for FY24? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes, so FY23 we were 38 days, FY24 we have 30 days. So I'm saying we can be anywhere in 
the range of 35 days to 40 days for a network working capital days. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Secondly on the capacity front I mean you have 84 million capacity you're doing 57 million sales 
I mean your capacity addition is going ahead of the utilization. So I'm just trying to understand 
that why is that necessarily the case that we have to constantly add capacities to utilize rather 
than increase the utilization in the existing. I understand different factories have different 
utilization, but what is the challenge you're facing there because India I know that some of your 
factories are not very efficiently utilized, but can we not like relocate some of them or utilize 
them better? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Now in terms of in our industry like when we're supplying to some of these international clients 
to get a factory approved region approved is the biggest hurdle. The entry hurdle is the biggest 
hurdle like if you look at it. So the compliance norms, the confidence that the teams of the 
customers would like to have on a factory it takes time, it takes anywhere between 6 months to 
18 months if you if you look at to certain customers. 
So that's something is I would say a reality of our industry. So wherever we are finding that you 
know to build an infrastructure and be ready because the good thing is that our factory or the 
cost that goes on into the factory is something that we can control very well. One is the workers 
cost like that is something in India especially you're talking about like India has a particular 
challenge I think. 
I'm sure like all other manufacturers must be also facing like it cannot be only us, but we find 
the  attrition and absenteeism rate is a little out of control in India whereas globally we find 
globally means like if I talk about very other strong regions like Indonesia, Bangladesh and 
Vietnam and all. We are able to control below 4%. 
Whereas India we are still not able to bring down to that level at all. We are almost like double 
than that number at this point of time. So that's that also is one good thing like if we need to - if 
we're seeing that the demand is going soft then it doesn't, we don't have to lay off people because 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
already there is an attrition every month we see that this kind of average 78% people are 
returning is happening in some of these places where we have the factories. 
So definitely two ways we are trying to tackle that. We are going more into the interiors where 
we don't have to depend on the migratory labor, but on the local level where at least at least this 
attrition factor will come down, absenteeism we will be experiencing as we start the facilities in 
these locations, but in terms of capacity the good thing that Pearl has is a combination of our 
own facilities as well as partnership facilities. 
Now if you look at the kind of existing capacity that I had in 2024 and the adjustment that I 
could do very easily without any cost and still utilize that it's a very healthy number so that 
doesn't worry me at all. Same thing is for the other locations as well. So that is why we don't see 
this as a big concern, but yes to be ready to develop a facility to make sure that it is of the highest 
global standard and some of the retailers like to go through their rigorous process of evaluation 
and be ready with them. So that that is something like we continue to be always upfront about. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Understood. My third question is just on the guidance itself I know you've talked about the 4 
year guidance can you just very specifically quantify for FY25 what is the kind of revenue 
growth band and margin band that you're expecting because I think you have visibility at least 
for the first half or next 4 months, 5 months of growth, so if you would give some sense? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you, Mr. Singhal. That's a question that you always are very direct about in all our calls. 
So yes, definitely the market is has come out of that US inventory issue that that we had earlier 
so definitely we are back on track on in terms of what we have always said that all our strategies 
are towards having CAGR of 15% to 18% to even as high as 20% that will continue to thrive on 
that direction so if you're asking me for this particular year I'm seeing that okay we are solidly 
on track at least in that direction as of now. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay. And for the margins? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Margins, yes, the international, locations that we have definitely a very solid control, and we 
have as you can see in our results that is coming through. In India, the challenges that we are 
doing like we are definitely learning every day and we are also having a lot of solutions that 
digital solutions, the digitization of our factory the processes the governance. 
 
So it is this always evolving and we are getting more and more confident on that so we'll see a 
good margin from all the locations going forward. So, in general, in our internally like we every 
location has to generate that margin so that's something like we internally always strive for but 
yes one place may have a bit of more challenges compared to the others so that's something that 
we have to always overcome. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Just, last quick question is on finance cost, it has gone up from INR47 crores to INR83 crores in 
two years whereas your gross debt has actually come down a bit and I understand there's some 
element of leasing aspect as well but still the cost has gone up quite sizably, how should we look 
at this line item over the next two years, three years because you are generating quite a big good 
amount of cashflows, although they're not really paying down the debt for some reason. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Pallab Banerjee: 
But yes, this is high on our list as well so we are working on this. So, Sanjay maybe that you can 
add. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, finance costs you mentioned there is an interest on lease liability almost INR13.6 crores and 
that has risen from INR8 crores so you see the almost INR5 crores to INR6 crores increase is on 
account of interest on lease liability, otherwise if you look at there is increase also. But in terms 
of INR83 crores of total finance cost the interest on term loan and the working capital is around 
INR46.8 crores, the rest we have the other borrowing cost, which we have a factoring and plus 
the LC charges largely and other, the processing fees which is to be paid to the bank for renewal 
of all our facility across the location. With the reduction in the interest rate there will be 
definitely optimization and with the cash accrual also there is a definitely an opportunity to keep 
the interest cost under control. 
 
Also we are looking at – we'll keep looking at some of the prepayment of long-term loan, which 
the cost is interest cost is high at this point in time. Having said that the leverage is something 
which we are very conscious of it and leverage will go in line with the growth strategy, keeping 
a, optimum combination, we as a company has been a conservative in terms of taking a too much 
loan. But at the same time when there will be some growth opportunity, growth capex will be 
incurred there will be some loan which also be taken but at the same time we are cognizant, we 
are conscious of this high interest, we are monitoring it and taking all steps which are required 
to control it. I think our rating improvement has also helped up in keeping the interest cost under 
control as far as India operation is concerned and overseas also we are looking at improvement 
reduction in the cost and also using internal accrual to bring it down wherever there is an 
opportunity to do that. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Omkara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Hi sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers… 
Moderator: 
May I request that you use your handset. Your audio is not clear, sir. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Now. 
Moderator: 
No sir, we are unable to hear you. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay, I will get back to you. 
Moderator: 
If you could use your handset sir. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Yes, I am using my handset actually if you get some problem at my end. I’ll take it offline. 
Moderator: 
Yes, thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Is Varun able to speak Mr. Varun can you… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, he said, he will take it offline. He has an audio issues from his end. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Okay. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you everyone for joining on the call. I hope we have been able to address all your queries. 
For any further information kindly get in touch with, Strategic Growth advisor our Investor 
Relations advisor. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Pearl Global Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
