 
 
BLACK BOX LIMITED  
Registered Office: 501, 5th Floor, Building No. 9, Airoli Knowledge Park, MIDC Industrial Area, Airoli, Navi Mumbai 400 708, India 
BLACKBOX.COM | CIN: L32200MH1986PLC040652 | Tel: +91 22 6661 7272 
                    Telephone: +91 22 6661 7272 | Email: info.india@blackbox.com 
  
 
BBOX/SD/SE/2024/37 
 
June 3, 2024 
 
To 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai 400001 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400051 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call hosted on May 31, 2024 on Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) 
for the quarter/year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
Ref.:  Scrip code: BSE: 500463/NSE: BBOX 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our letter dated May 27, 2024 with reference number BBOX/SD/SE/2024/29 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
the Earnings Call hosted on May 31, 2024 on Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the 
quarter/year ended March 31, 2024, is attached hereunder. 
 
This is for your information, record and necessary dissemination to all the stakeholders. 
 
 
For Black Box Limited 
 
 
 
 
Aditya Goswami  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADITYA 
GOSWAMI
Digitally signed by 
ADITYA GOSWAMI 
Date: 2024.06.03 
14:28:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Black Box Limited 
Q4 & FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV VERMA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. DEEPAK BANSAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on 
the stock exchange on 31st May 2024 will prevail. 
 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY24 Earnings Conference call of 
Black Box Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of the call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants line will be in the lesson only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Verma, Whole-Time Director and CEO of Black 
Box Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Thank you. Hello and good morning everyone. I hope all are keeping safe and healthy. On behalf 
of Black Box Limited, I welcome to our Q4 and FY24 earnings call. On the call, I am joined by 
Deepak Bansal, Executive Director & Global CFO and SGA our Investor Relations Advisors. 
We have uploaded our results presentation on the exchanges and I hope everybody had an 
opportunity to go through the same. We are happy to meet again.  
I'll start with a brief overview on the company, followed by business and financial performance 
for Q4 and FY24. 
Black Box is a global digital infrastructure integrator offering connectivity and network 
solutions, data center solutions, modern workplace and cyber security solutions and technology 
products to businesses globally. With our 4,000 plus highly efficient professionals and our 
expertise of four decades now businesses can develop and deliver pertinent technological 
solutions and services aligned with their core business goals. 
They are seamlessly transforming technology across enterprises economically, uniformly and 
with scale at a global level across 35 countries in North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle 
East, Africa, India and Asia Pacific regions. Our presence in key markets showcases our glocal 
strategy, Think Global, Act Local and our adaptability to diverse business environments. The 
approach enables cost-effective global delivery across 35 plus countries supported by our center 
of excellence in India. 
According to Frost and Sullivan in calendar year 2023, we are one of the leading solution 
integrators globally and in the US market with strong services offering in network integration, 
unified communications, collaborations, cyber security, digital infrastructure for connected 
buildings, data center solutions as well as AV solutions.  
With focus on innovation, expertise and customer centricity, we provide comprehensive tailored 
solutions to meet the needs of our global customers. Through our integration solutions and 
services, we facilitate secured connectivity as well as collaboration for businesses across 
industries. 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
We have reported an exceptional performance in Q4 and FY24 in terms of improving our 
margins and overall profitability. Our focus on enhanced productivity has begun to generate 
positive outcomes helping us to deliver increased margins. 
Our overall backlog remains steady and with robust pipeline especially in our data center 
solutions business we expect our North America projects backlog to be on a continuous uptrend. 
Just to highlight, on an order backlog across our various solutions and services and projects is 
US $470 million as on March 24 as against an order backlog of US $490 million as in December 
23. There was some shrinkage when compared to December 23 order backlog due to slow 
decision making on project orders and consistent execution of projects at our end on a quarter-
on-quarter basis led to lower than anticipated order bookings. 
During the year, if you look at large deal wins, it was in excess of USD150 million in areas of 
infrastructure, 5G LTE solutions, data center. Our focus continues to be on large deals. As we 
have mentioned in our previous call, the data center market driven by hyperscalers and cloud 
providers including multi-tenant data center is set for significant growth in the coming years. 
Our engagement with customers and pipeline in this space is growing significantly and we 
expect to capitalize on these opportunities with our superior design and execution capabilities in 
both North America and international markets. Currently, we are working on active projects with 
three out of the five major hyperscalers. Additionally, we are serving many of the large enterprise 
customers.  
Our focus remains on improving margins and profitability. Although we are experiencing some 
delays in customer decision making which has affected our short-term revenue growth, the large 
order pipeline makes us confident to maintain our growth momentum over the coming period. 
That's it from my side and I hand over the call to Deepak to run through the financial highlights. 
Deepak Bansal: 
Thank you, Sanjeev, for the detailed overview. Good morning everybody. I will now discuss our 
financial performance for quarter 4 and for full fiscal year FY24. Starting for the performance 
for the full fiscal year FY24, revenue remained flat at INR6,282 crores in FY24 against 
INR6,288 crores in FY23. On a quarterly basis, our revenues for quarter 4 stood at INR1,480 
crores. Some holdup in decision making led to delayed project execution in the second half of 
FY24, impacting revenue growth. We have been also focused on large deals and accretive 
customers and are gradually moving out of low-value long tail customers since they are not 
accretive to our EBITDA growth which led to a miss in achieving our overall revenue guidance 
for the full fiscal year. 
If we look at EBITDA, we are happy to report that we have achieved our EBITDA guidance for 
fiscal year 24. We have reported a robust 59% growth year-on-year to INR428 crores in full 
fiscal year 24 compared to INR269 crores in fiscal year 23. 
For quarter 4 FY24, we have EBITDA of INR122 crores which is a growth of 28% year-on-
year. We have seen consistent growth in EBITDA margins. For FY24 our EBITDA margins 
increased to 6.8% which is a growth of 250 bps year-on-year compared to EBITDA margins of 
4.3% in FY23. EBITDA margins increased by a robust 260 bps year-on-year and stood at 8.2% 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
for quarter 4 FY24 and grew by 270 basis points compared to quarter 4 of FY22. Our emphasis 
on cost rationalization and enhanced productivity continue to produce positive outcomes 
consequently leading to an increase in our EBITDA margins and overall EBITDA. 
Coming to profit after tax, our FY24 profit after tax grew by a robust 5.8 times and stood at 
INR138 crores as compared to INR24 crores for FY23. Profit after tax for quarter 4 FY24 
increased to INR41 crores as compared to INR23 crores in quarter 4 of FY23 witnessing a 
growth of 77% Y-o-Y.  
Our strong operating performance has led to increased profitability despite higher interest costs 
due to the interest rate environment in US. However, these high interest costs which we have 
incurred in fiscal year have caused us to slightly miss our profitability target and the guidance 
for FY24. 
Nevertheless, our focus on profitability over the past few quarters is beginning to show positive 
results and we are confident that this upward trend will continue in the future. 
We have seen substantial increase in our EPS at INR8.20 per share in fiscal year '24 versus 
INR1.42 per share in fiscal year '23. For quarter 4 fiscal year '24, our EPS is increased to INR2.44 
per share versus INR1.38 per share in quarter 4 FY '23. 
In summary, we have seen a good uptrend in our EBITDA and profitability and we expect the 
same trend going forward. That's all from my side. I will now request Sanjeev to join me for 
Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Anova. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Hello. My first question is how are we looking at the inorganic opportunities in FY '25? And my 
second question would be how should we look at the North America data center market? What 
are the growth aspects in there? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Hi, Kunal. Sanjeev here. I think we continue to be prudent in our approach for inorganic. I think 
we want to have accretive inorganic plans. So as long as it serves our purpose of either giving 
us a depth in a certain market or expand us in our certain portfolio, we want to watch to see 
whether it is accretive for us. 
 
We will continue to look at inorganic opportunities, but we want to be economically accretive 
for us and not be emotional about that. So currently, we do not have an active pipeline, but as I 
said, we will continue to look at if it makes sense. 
 
Coming to the second question of North American data center, as I told in my earlier 
commentary, I think we are seeing a lot of activity throughout the world and clearly North 
America is leading. 
 
The current requirement for a data center over the next several years, 5-7 years, is for the current 
capacity of data center will increase from the current 17 gigawatts to about 35 gigawatts. That 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
is nearly doubling. That creates tremendous momentum for data center across hyperscalers, 
including some large multi-tenant. 
 
We have seen our pipeline in that space grow significantly. We expect those will mature over 
the course of the fiscal '25. So therefore, I think we see a huge opportunity and we are bullish 
on our approach towards data center. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay, thanks. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Vasuja from Yogya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay, so my first question is on margins. So like you guys said, you guys are trying to increase 
your margins. So like, first of all, I want to know how are you planning to increase your margins? 
 
And second of all, what is the long-term sustainable margin that you guys are looking at? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Okay, so I think, so we have 3-4 levers to focus on margins. So I think one of course is our 
ability to sell better, renegotiate our contracts when it comes up for renewal, which we are doing. 
The second of course, our ability now to have our Center of Excellence in India support us 
because it's mature now we put the investment for the last 2 years time. So, we are able to get 
better productivity from our Center of Excellence in India that allows us to have better margin. 
Third, of course, our better relationship with our technology vendor partners allows us to 
negotiate better. And we are focused on ratio centricity across our various cost blocks, both from 
a cost of goods perspective, our G&A perspective. 
 
So therefore, a combination of selling and negotiating better contracts, ability to get better 
productivity from our Center of Excellence in Bangalore, India, which is now maturing, and also 
our ability to negotiate better terms with vendor partners and start focus on our G&A cost. A 
combination of all this has helped us to expand our margin, as Deepak said, by over 250 basis 
points. We expect that momentum to continue. 
 
Our goal is to reach about 10% operating margin, and we are clearly focused over the next couple 
of years to get there. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
So, sir, any long term sustainable margins that you guys are targeting? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
We are targeting a margin of 10% operating margin that has been our goal and we are working 
towards that and we are confident to achieve that. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay, sir. And the next thing, you guys were talking about some decision delay that led to some 
project execution delay. Can you please talk a bit more about that? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So I think a couple of things. So we are pivoting away from serving small and long tail 
customers. If you look at our overall customer base, it's about 2,000. 90% of our revenue comes 
from top 50 customers, so clearly 10% is a very long tail for the balance of 15, 16, 17 hundred 
customers. So our focus now is to be going deeper with our customers. Working with long 
customers has its own motion and its own cycle and therefore we have seen some delays in 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
decision making but we are confident with our pipeline growing that those things will start to 
mature over the next couple of quarters and therefore we are expecting good momentum in order 
booking and revenue going forward. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay, sir. And the order book that you mentioned in your IP, it will be executed in this year 
only, right? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes. That's an annualized order backlog now. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay, sir. I have some more questions. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Choraria from an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Choraria: 
Hi, Sanjeev and Deepa. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, as I said from Q4 base, I mean, if 
we are projecting almost a 16% revenue jump, if I take Q4 as the base but our EBITDA guidance 
seems to be on the same numbers. 
 
I mean, are we expecting no operating leverage to play out as we grow our revenues from the 
base of Q4? I mean, from Q3 to Q4, our revenues have gone down but we've improved our 
margins. I mean, can you just explain where am I getting wrong as far as the margin outlook is 
concerned? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
No. So, we're looking at a margin outlook for fiscal 25 guiding in the range of 525 north to 550, 
560. And on that, if you look at the overall EBITDA margin, we're expecting a jump in EBITDA 
margin from the full year of fiscal 24. 
Vivek Choraria: 
Okay. So, we've been talking about a double-digit revenue growth for the past few quarters but 
obviously that hasn't played out. Is there something structural which is in the market, which is 
stopping you from changing that guidance? 
 
Or is there, I mean, can you just talk from a slightly longer view, one to two to three year view? 
I mean, near term most of the companies in this bay.. are you hopeful of achieving a double-
digit revenue growth in the next two to three years. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes. So, we certainly have given a kind of view of the next 12 months time. And as I alluded 
earlier in my call and also in our investor presentation, so we are pivoting, focusing on large 
customers and large deals. We have very good logos. There is a strong momentum, specifically 
in a few of the areas that we serve our customers, both data center and networking. We've had a 
very long tail that yields us very little from a revenue standpoint. 
 
We are reorganizing ourselves to be able to serve large logos, Fortune 500 customers across 
enterprise and across hyperscalers, data center market and so on and so forth. Now, the larger 
customers have a little longer lead time to work on. These are large bids but they're highly 
accretive for us. 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
So, therefore, our focus now is to pivot towards the top 250, top 300 odd customers, which is 
taking time. For the second time, we're also exiting gradually because we cannot just exit the 
long tail. In doing that, I believe our guidance going forward between 5% and 10% growth is at 
the back of gradually exiting but largely focusing on good quality customers going deeper but 
keeping our focus on EBITDA growth from where we are at this time. 
 
We are expecting a significant EBITDA growth going forward in next year and also very 
significant growth in our PAT margins going forward in next year. So, that's our plan going 
forward for the next 12 months' time. We expect with our pipeline growing significantly in 
certain sectors. 
 
After the fiscal 25, we expect even better momentum because the pipeline matured with some 
larger customers. The run for data center, refresh network to serve the advent of AI will get 
momentum as we go forward and that's precisely the reason why we are pivoting now to focus 
on large deals, large customers. Blackbox is spread across 35 markets. So, we cannot be 
everything to everybody. So, we want to serve those customers across the globe and that's our 
strategy going forward. 
Vivek Choraria: 
Can you talk a bit about the products business because from quarter to quarter, there's been quite 
a degree of variance as far as our EBIT numbers are concerned and we've been talking about a 
change in go-to-market strategy as well. So, can you talk a bit about how that is shaping up and 
how do we expect that to show up in the next few quarters? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
I think from a go-to-market strategy, as I said, I think from a focus perspective, we are focusing 
more from a verticalization perspective. So, we are more focused on rearranging ourselves more 
from a -- not from a geography perspective but picking up our top customers, creating an account 
strategy with those customers, getting closer to our customers. We are ramping our talent 
pipeline to be able to serve that. 
 
Blackbox historically prior to reacquiring was a bunch of 50, 60 acquisitions from many smaller 
companies. Since acquisition, of course, we have changed that momentum. So, when we change 
the go-to-market, focus on larger deals, I think that's our focus to focus more on verticals, pick 
up four or five practice solutions that we have, data centers, cybersecurity, networking, and we 
believe that those are high growth areas for us. 
 
Many of our legacy customers in modern workplace are also moving towards AI, so we're 
investing in that as well. So, a combination of changing our go-to-market motion, focusing on 
those practices that we believe over the next three to four year's time will be very significant. 
Data center is one of them. 
 
Adoption of AI-led data centers is the second one. Cybersecurity, of course will become 
extremely important for us. So, these are the changes or focus areas that we are focusing on now, 
and that will start to yield results for us going forward. Larger deals, of course, from a yield 
perspective, we believe will be better accredited for our margins going forward and better 
utilization of our resources locally and globally. So, those are the combination of our strategy 
going forward. 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Vivek Choraria: 
All right. That's it from us, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Payal Shah from Billion Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Payal Shah: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have a few questions. First, can 
you throw some light on the revenue contribution from data centers business, like what has been 
the past trend and what is the Y-o-Y growth from that business? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So, our revenue for the data center over the last three years' time has grown significantly. About 
three years ago, our revenue from the data center was about $15million or $20 million. And in 
fiscal '22, we did about $70-odd million. In fiscal 23, we did about $90-odd million. The year 
that we exited, we've done about $110 million-$115 million in that range. So, we are growing 
about 20% or so in the data center practice. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay. So, in continuation to the above question, what is the current order backlog and how do 
we look at it going ahead? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So, our total current backlog, as I mentioned in my commentary earlier which includes our 
managed services, our maintenance contracts, our project business, our product business is about 
$470 million. And our pipeline, of course is very strong, specifically in our networking and our 
data center solutions business. It's close to $2 billion at this time. 
 
And we expect those to become mature over the course of the next several quarters to give us 
the growth momentum from an order book perspective and also revenue perspective and also 
build a strong order book as we get into fiscal '26 and beyond. 
Payal Shah: 
That's quite helpful, sir. And lastly, how are we looking at the growth in our TPS business and 
its contribution to our overall portfolio going ahead? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So, the TPS business contributes currently about between 12% and 13%. We expect the 
contribution to remain in that range going forward. We'll see growth in the TPS business as well. 
But as a percentage of contribution to overall revenue, it will remain in those lines. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish from Greenedge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes, Ashish. 
Ashish: 
So, good morning. I have a couple of questions. So, the first question is, we have around 14 
customers in INR50 crores+ revenue. How should we look at growth in the number of clients in 
this category? 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So, I think I answered earlier when Vivek asked the question in terms of strategy and I just 
alluded earlier. I think we are pivoting toward focusing on our top customers. Clearly, we want 
to increase our number of customers in each of these segments on the top level more than 50, 
more than 30, more than 20. We are investing time and energy in that sector to go deeper. We're 
also ensuring that we are able to take the share of wallet. We have 4-5 portfolios. So, when we 
do a heat map analysis of the customer, we have expertise to provide different solutions. So, we 
are focused on adding newer solutions and products to existing customers. We're also focused 
on getting more share of the wallet of what we have been doing with these customers. 
 
So, by doing more of what we are doing for the customer by doing something new that we 
haven't done before within our top set of customers, by doing more where we are doing in North 
America with those customers and also doing some where we are not doing because most of the 
customers are global. So, we are seeing those interactions happening now with many of our 
global customers outside of the US as well. So, a combination of going deeper of what we are 
currently doing, adding some newer solutions, serving newer markets for our existing customers 
which are mostly global in the top end of our customer profile. That's our focus to gain share of 
wallet and growth of more than INR50 crore customers in the top bracket. 
Ashish: 
Okay. So, the second question which I have is, in one of the quarters, we did highlight that we 
have been seeing good developments in the cybersecurity space. So, what has been the trend 
now and how does the growth prospects look like in the cybersecurity space? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So, cybersecurity is a very critical part of our business although it remains a small part but we 
are seeing significant wins. Most recently, we have won a new airport, one of the top 10 airports 
in the US to manage their cybersecurity platform. We have also been winning many other 
enterprise deals both locally and globally. 
 
So, we intend to continue to focus. It's also a very important conversation with a client as a door 
opener or as an entry point to discuss other aspects as well. Many times, we start with 
cybersecurity and we end up having a conversation regarding supporting the network because 
the network needs to be secured. 
 
So, it's a good add-on. So, we expect cybersecurity to grow although remaining a small part of 
our business but very critical for us. We are currently serving 50-odd customers worldwide on 
cybersecurity. Last year, we added 20 new customers. More recently, we added a very large 
airport as a customer. The more and more reference we get, we are now able to bring those use 
cases to our existing top 50 clients to have this conversation on cybersecurity. And I believe in 
the fiscal '25, we will see many more logos getting added within cybersecurity and will create a 
momentum for us going forward. 
Ashish: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you for this detailed answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Tushar Vasuja from Yogya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Tushar Vasuja: 
So, thank you for the follow-up opportunity. I just want to get some more details on data center 
competitive scenario in US. Like, who are you guys competing against? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So, I think that data center is a very large play. So, I think from our approach, we currently 
provide two specific solutions to data center: connectivity, which includes fiber and passive 
infrastructure and networking, more specifically our 5G LTE solutions. So, we compete often 
with many local players out here in the US. 
 
Many of them are regionally located and historically, they have been in that business, telecom 
business or networking business. So, those are competitors. Our differentiator or our contextual 
differentiator is our ability to serve at scale. Our contextual differentiator from our peers or 
competitors is our ability to serve in other markets. 
 
As you would know, many of these large Hyperscalers or even multi-tenant players, are not only 
present in the US, but other markets. With the last couple of years, we have gained access to be 
able to support a customer, not only in North America, but we're starting to do business with 
them in Europe. 
 
We are also working to see we are able to get entry into APAC. So, we do compete with local 
players, but in the data center solutions, most specifically connectivity or networking 
infrastructure, there are very few, if any, global players and that's what I believe is our contextual 
difference. 
 
Most of these customers, Hyperscalers, cloud providers or multi-tenant are large operators. It 
takes time to build relationships and as I said earlier, our pipeline for data center over the last 12 
months or so has significantly improved. We expect those discussions to start to mature as we 
move forward in fiscal 25. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay, so I must follow up on what you've touched earlier. Any concrete plans to expand in any 
other geography? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
I think, sir, we are already present in many geographies. We need to build some scale. We're 
currently operating in many markets, in all the Theaters side. We're present from Auckland, deep 
in the south and Antarctica to Canada. So, we have quite a bit presence. We are now focused on 
gaining momentum in some of the markets by leveraging our relationships in North America, 
with global customers. 
 
As I told before, many of these customers do have global presence and we're seeing those 
strategies of what I call ‘Glocal’ thinking globally but acting locally coming to.. And so, we are 
looking for adding a scale in the markets we operate. If we get an opportunity to follow a 
customer into a market that we may not be present, we would do that. 
 
But currently, with our network of countries that we operate in, we are fairly well covered. We 
can support many more countries even if we are not physically present through our vendor 
partners. So, I think we are now focused on building scale and winning, taking our customers in 
those markets where they are present and gain scale from there. 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Thank you, sir. That answers all of my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Wisdom. Please go ahead. 
Raj Mehta: 
So, I have a question on a domestic front. So, within India, we have seen many developments 
across the industry we are operating. And so, if you only look at the data centers where we are 
quite active, there has been many developments here. So, though we only have around 6% 
revenue from India, so how are we looking at growth in the geography and what will be our plan 
to expand here? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes, India remains a very critical part of our operations, both from a local business that we serve 
our Indian customers or multinationals in India or even our Indian multinationals in India. It's 
also very important for us from our centre of excellence perspective because we have invested 
heavily in talent in our Bangalore center of Excellence. So, we continue to focus in India. 
 
We are currently exploring our possibilities to expand in areas of data center and large-scale 
infrastructure build-out. We have gained some traction. Today, Black Box, is supporting many 
of newer airports that we're getting built. We are also in conversation with many global players 
that are landing in India to expand the data center footprint. 
 
We're also looking at local partnerships to see that we're able to serve that market as well. So, 
clearly, we are exploring at this time of what's happening across the globe. Of course, India is a 
vibrant economy. There's a growth happening there. A lot of global players are coming. We 
expect that our experience in working with some of these customers, our experience of working 
at scale with some of these customers in North America would be advantageous to us. 
 
I've spent a significant time last month in India exploring a possibility and speaking to many 
vendor partners and customers. So, yes, we are looking to focus to be able to grow or expand in 
the market as well. From a percentage perspective as we grow, I do not see a massive change in 
terms of contribution of revenue of 6%, 7% as we scale up. 
 
But clearly, we see growth as well in that market, most specifically exploring data center or 
supporting other large-scale infrastructure that is getting built and providing the solutions that 
Black Box has in India as well. 
Raj Mehta: 
Thank you, sir. That was quite helpful. And, sir, what is the order backlog, particularly from 
North America? So, I believe there has been some de-growth there. So, when do we expect this 
to normalize? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
No, I think we have had some slight abrasion in terms of order book with respect to last quarter. 
As I said before, I think it's coming at the back of our planned approach to exit some of our 
smaller transaction deals. It takes a lot of time and produces little yield for us. A large contract, 
a large customer approach, a large account management is a little time-taking. And therefore, 
we've had some slight shrinkage. Our current backlog overall is about $470 million. 
 
At any given point of time, as I alluded earlier, about 60% of our revenues are covered. And 
that's an annualized backlog. It includes our services, our products, and our projects. We expect 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
our order book momentum over the next couple of quarters to take an uptrend swing when this 
large deal starts to mature with our relationship with a focused approach over the 250 customers 
that I talked about earlier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sanjeev Verma for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have been able to address all your 
queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with me, Deepak, or Strategic Growth 
Advisors, our Investor Relations advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Black Box Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
