TRACXN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
Registered Office Address: No. L-248, 2nd Floor, 17th Cross, Sector 6, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560102 
Ph: +91 90360 90116, Email: hi@tracxn.com, Website: www.tracxn.com CIN: L72200KA2012PLC065294 
May 22, 2024 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                  Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai- 400001  
 
  
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051  
Company Code: 543638 
 
 
Company Code: TRACXN  
                                                                                              
Sub: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Monday, May 20, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated May 20, 2024, wherein we had informed regarding the video 
link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. https://cdn.tracxn.com/investor-
relations/financials/FY24_Q4_Earnings_Call_Transcript_niKM1Dih1mrbcqWCtC1dY.pdf 
 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tracxn Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
Surabhi Pasari 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F11215 
 
Encl. A/a 
 
Place: Bengaluru 
Date: May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
Surabh
i Pasari
Digitally signed 
by Surabhi Pasari 
Date: 2024.05.22 
17:22:18 +05'30'

Tracxn Technologies Limited
Q4 FY24-Earnings Conference Call
May 20th, 2024
Management:
Ms. Neha Singh, Chairperson and Managing Director
Mr. Abhishek Goyal, Vice Chairman and Executive Director
Mr. Prashant Chandra, Chief Financial Officer
Host and Moderator:
Mr. Sidharth Agrawal, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd
Mr Sameer Pardikar, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
1

Moderator:
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today on the Q4
Quarter and Annual FY24 Earnings Call of Tracxn Technologies Limited. On
behalf of Systematix, I would like to thank the management of Tracxn for
giving us the opportunity to host this earnings call.
Today on the call we have with us Ms. Neha Singh - Co-founder,
Chairperson and Managing Director, Mr. Abhishek Goyal - Co-founder, Vice
Chairman and Executive Director, and Mr. Prashant Chandra – Chief
Financial Officer.
I would now like to hand over the call to Neha to give her opening remarks
and take us through the PPT, and after that we will open it up for the Q&A
session. Please use the raise hand option to ask the question or you can
also submit your questions in the Q&A box at the bottom of your screen.
Thanks and with that, over to you Neha.
Neha Singh:
Thanks Siddharth. Welcome everyone. Thanks so much for joining us today
for our Earnings Call for the 4th Quarter for the financial year FY24. We are
very excited to present our results for this quarter. In terms of format, we
would like to run through a short presentation and share some key
highlights for this period. I'll also give some commentary along which will
be helpful in the overall understanding. And we'll follow it up with a Q&A
session. I request you to please take note of the standard disclaimers for
this presentation.
Quick recap on our business. Tracxn is a data and software platform for the
private markets globally. If you look at the public market, it has created
multiple large companies, many of which are highly cash rich profitable
companies. As private markets are becoming large and important, it will
also create platforms like these and we are building a global platform in
this space. Our customers include venture capital funds, private equity
fund, investment banks, as well as M&A and innovation teams of large
Fortune 500 corporations. It's a global platform, so 66% of our revenue is
international and we have customers from over 50 countries.
I would like to begin by summarizing the financial performance for Q4 and
FY24.
To set the context, we have one business, one legal entity, so you'll not see
terms like standalone or consolidated. All the numbers that we have is for
the business overall. The Revenue from Operations for Q4 FY24 was 20.3
crore. Total Income was 21.6 crores. Coming to profitability, EBITDA for the
quarter was positive 0.7 crore. Also to add, this EBITDA includes all
non-cash expense also like ESOP charge. PAT for the same period was
positive 1.4 crores. Moving on, EBITDA margin was 3.3% and PAT margin
was 7%.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
2

I will quickly summarize the numbers for the financial year FY24 as well.
Revenue from Operations was 82.8 crores, which is a 6% increase on a
year-on-year basis. Total Income was 87 crores, which is a 7.2% increase
on a year-on-year basis. In terms of profitability, EBITDA was 4.6 crores for
FY24. PAT was 6.5 crores for FY24. In terms of margin, EBITDA margin was
5.5%. PAT margin was 7.9%. The business continued to generate positive
free cash flow. The free cash flow for FY24 was 10.3 crores. Cash & Cash
Equivalents stood at nearly 75.2 crores, which is an increase of 24.7% on a
year-on-year basis or an increase of 14.9 crores in absolute terms on a
year-on-year basis.
In the subsequent slides, I will be covering each of the metrics we talked
about in the summary in more detail, starting with revenue. Revenue from
Operations is essentially revenue from platform subscriptions. 100% of this
revenue is subscription-based, so there is no services or one-time
implementation component. So, it's a fairly high-quality revenue. Also,
please note that this is accrued revenue. Though we do prepaid billing and
collections like most other financial data platforms you may have used, we
only recognize revenue for the time duration falling within the reporting
period for which the service was made available. As discussed earlier,
Revenue from Operations in FY24 was 82.8 crores, which is a 6%
year-on-year increase. Total Income for FY24 was 87 crores, which is a 7%
year-on-year increase. We've also added historical data for the last three
financial years for reference here.
Coming to profitables, we continue to have profitable operations in FY24.
EBITDA for FY24 was 4.6 crores. Please note this also includes a non-cash
expense, primarily ESOP expense. If you exclude this non-cash expense,
the adjusted EBITDA for this period will be 9.4 crores. PAT for FY24 was 6.5
crores. If we exclude the non-cash expense, primarily ESOP expense, the
adjusted PAT will be 11.3 crores. Just a point to note here, in the PAT
calculation, you will see a tax component as well, which is the tax amount
set off with deferred tax asset. This is a non-cash component as we don't
have to pay taxes as we have accumulated losses, but this non-cash
expense is included in the PAT calculation.
Coming to margins, EBITDA margin for FY24 was 5.5%, which is an
expansion of 2.2% on a year-on-year basis. PAT margin for FY24 was 7.9%.
So, we continue to see margin expansion on a year-on-year basis.
One of the other metrics we track closely for the business is what part of
the incremental revenue is going into bottom line. We saw this metric
increase this year as compared to last year. In the previous years, it has
been much higher. In FY21 and FY22, it was close to nearly 80%. In FY23,
we saw this metric decrease to 31%. So, earlier there were some questions
around what do we expect this number to be going forward. We had
mentioned that we expect this to increase. So, in line with what we had
mentioned, we saw this metric increase with the 2nd half of this financial
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
3

year being higher than the 1st half. For the full financial year, FY24, the
percentage of incremental revenue going into bottomline was 43%. So,
this is higher than what we saw in the previous financial year and a very
good increase and going back to the norm.
Coming to expense, our Total Expense for FY24 was 78.4 crores. This is a
3.5% increase over the same period last financial year. If you see, this
expense growth is lower than the CAGR across the last two years, which is
what we had indicated in the previous quarters. On the right-hand side of
this slide, we have given the expense breakup of this cost across the key
components. The key components are the same as what you had seen
previously. But just to summarize, first, bulk of our expense is team cost. In
FY24, this was 88% of the total expense. It has been in the same range
across the last two financial years. So, in FY22 and FY23, it was 89% and
88% respectively of the total expense. Also, note that all our team is
in-house, so there is no outsourced or contract workforce. The second
largest item is cloud hosting, which accounted for 3.1% of the total
expense as we do a lot of data processing and analytics. This is followed by
rental expense.
The other interesting aspect is that we do not have a large paid marketing
expense line item because we do not have a large paid marketing spend,
neither digital marketing nor offline-based, typically required for customer
acquisition. The reason for this being because we are a data company, we
produce a lot of content, and hence are able to use that to get a lot of
organic traffic. So, we are able to acquire leads efficiently, which is
reflected in the expense breakup.
Coming to revenue growth, if you see the previous financial year’s revenue
grew at a CAGR of 28% from FY20 to FY23. If you look at FY24, it grew at
6% on a year-on-year basis.
Doing a deep dive on the growth and revenue metrics, we have given the
growth rates by the different regions. We have the split of the revenue by
the four geographical regions, which are Americas, APAC excluding India,
EMEA and India. In terms of the revenue contribution in FY24, India and
Americas contributed to nearly 34% and 32% respectively. EMEA
contributed to around 23%. The rest of APAC contributed to the remaining
10%. In terms of growth, India and Americas grew at between 10% to 15%.
Next, we have shared the number of accounts which gave us a revenue of
more than 20 lakh, 30 lakh, 40 lakh across the last four financial years. So,
if you see the number of clients, it grew consistently across all these three
revenue buckets across the last four financial years. So, it is interesting to
see that despite the market conditions during the last financial year, large
accounts have continued to grow for us, also indicating the fact that
customers are willing to pay more if you deliver value. And there is a
continued headroom for account expansion.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
4

Continuing on the revenue side, I wanted to talk a little bit about the
markets. So, in line with what we had indicated in the last quarters, if you
look at 2023 calendar year overall, it was a very muted year for the private
markets. I am sure you would have already seen some commentary on this
in the press, but just to put into perspective, the deal activity was one of
the lowest. So, if you look at the global tech funding, it was at a near
six-year low. Global funding in 2023 was down nearly 44% of the previous
year. Similarly, the trend in India was similar to the global trends, where it
was down nearly 70% in 2023 over the previous year. This was more stark
in the later stage. One proxy for the late-stage activity is the number of
new unicorn startups that got created or the new private companies which
got valued at over a billion dollars. In 2023, the number of new unicorn
companies which got created globally, which is a proxy of the investment
activity in the late stage, was the lowest that it has been in the last seven
years. India, for instance, saw only two new companies got added to the
unicorn list, coming down from a peak of nearly 44 in 2021.
Even if you look at the M&A activity, it has been very muted. If you look at
the M&A deal value in 2023, it was the lowest that it has been in the last
decade. Even if you look at the IB fee, the Investment Banking M&A
Advisory fee in 2023, it was the lowest in the last 10 years.
So, on the question of when will the private markets bounce back, if you
look at more granular quarterly data, the overall funding recovery is still
awaited. However, you can see improvement in parts. For instance, if you
look at the early stage, you can see signs of recovery that has started to
happen. So, if you see the year-on-year growth rates, the declining trend
which was starting to happen for the last few quarters, has started to
reverse. This is also something that we see anecdotally around. The
general consensus is that you should see recovery in the 2nd half of this
year. Early signs look positive. So, we'll have to see how this progresses in
the coming months.
Coming to some of the business metrics, we are seeing green shoots. Here
on the left-hand side, you can see the Q on Q trend of number of
customer accounts. And on the right-hand side, you can see the number of
customer accounts that got added in each quarter. Q4 saw the highest
number of customer accounts getting added, higher than what it got
added in the entire rest of the year. In terms of numbers, Q4 saw 88
accounts getting added, which was higher than the preceding quarters as
well as higher than the average quarterly addition run rate last year.
Coming to deferred revenue, we see this continues to hold up. The
deferred revenue for Q4 FY24 was 32.9 crores, which is a 12% year-on-year
increase.
Coming to platform engagement metrics, they continue to look very
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
5

healthy and following an upward trend. If you look at the platform usage,
which here is in terms of the number of exports and Myanalyst data
queries that customers have sent, it has grown 1.5x across the last two
years. So, the engagement has increased both at the overall level as well
as on a per-user level. So, this is a very healthy trend that we continue to
see.
Apart from these, we at our end have also been investing heavily across
various growth initiatives. We span across the go-to-market funnel of
marketing, sales, and account expansion. We believe as the markets open
up, we should see more acceleration in terms of new customer acquisition
as well as customer expansion. I'll take a couple of minutes to share some
of the growth initiatives we are aggressively working on, and we are very
excited to share the results of what we've been seeing.
One of the very interesting growth initiatives that we have talked about
previously, is scaling of our organic traffic. Because we are a data company,
we are able to use a lot of the data that we own to launch a large set of
public pages, which generate a lot of customer traffic. For instance,
someone who is searching for, say, a FinTech company in Sweden or SAAS
companies in California, they come across our pages and we are able to
generate leads through that. So, if you look at our organic traffic we got
across all our pages, that was nearly 16 million in FY24. So, three things
regarding that. One is, it's a very large funnel that we've been able to
build. Second, it has grown rapidly, as you can see, across the last few
quarters. For instance, it has grown by about five times in the last three
years. Thirdly, we continue to work on this aggressively and we expect it to
increase even further. For instance, the current traffic run rate has already
reached 19 million, which is much higher than the last year's traffic.
Another very interesting growth initiative is the launch of Tracxn Lite. We
launched Tracxn Lite at the end of last year for product-led growth to
increase the awareness about the richness of our platform among
potential customers. With Tracxn Lite, users are able to get access to the
entire platform when they sign up, with obvious limitations such as
restricted daily limits for profile views, exports, certain product modules,
etc. So, we are seeing very good traction in this. Over 20,000 users have
already signed up within just the first three months of launch. And
monthly actives have now crossed over 8,000. So, this helps us in building
a very good acquisition pipeline as part of the users express interest to
upgrade.
We've also set up a specialized team for select high-potential customer
segments, a good example being universities. So, we've set up a
specialized team with cumulative experience of over 20 years in selling to
universities. Majority of our relevant customer segments come from top
universities globally, which is also a great avenue for them to get to know
about data platforms like ours. More than a revenue segment, universities
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
6

are also a great marketing and discovery channel for us. So, you can see
some of the university accounts that are our customers.
Moving to the next segment, we have helped set up a specialized team for
private equity. So, PE is a large and cash-rich segment. We currently have
lower penetration in this segment as compared to the venture capital
segment. So, this is a very close adjacent segment that we can look to
acquire customers in. To better tap this segment, in addition to a
specialized sales team, we have also doubled down on the data production
for
the
PE segment. We'll cover the increased data production
subsequently, and we believe this will help us close more accounts in this
segment.
We've also set up a specialized team for startups. We have seen high
volume of inbound leads from startups. And even though this segment is
served by the same platform, they have slightly different use case and
workflow requirements, as it is more focused on sales and marketing data,
market intelligence, and investor outreach. It's a very high-volume
segment, but it has a lower price point than the investors. Cumulatively,
this can be a sizable segment served by the same platform. So
traditionally, we have not catered to this segment, but more recently, we
have set up a separate go-to-market strategy for this segment, as we've
been getting a very high and increasing volume of inbound from this
segment. This includes a separate team to focus on acquisition and
expansion of customers in this segment, differentiated pricing, separate
billing and collection process. Through these initiatives, we are seeing a
good initial success in terms of the pace of customer acquisition in this
segment.
Another interesting growth initiative is, we have been expanding our
coverage in financials and cap table datasets of private companies on the
platform. These datasets were particularly in demand by certain customer
segments like private equity and investment banks, among others. So, we
have invested in significantly increasing the throughputs of these data
production engines. We believe that this will help us accelerate our
revenue in future, particularly in the customer segments of private equity
and investment banks.
Talking about financials, we today cover financials of private companies
across over 20 countries globally. The number of detailed financials on the
platform has increased 5x in just the last one year of 2023. Or in other
words, we added nearly four times the number of detailed financials on
our platform in just the last year than what we had added across all these
years since launch of this module. There's also a lot of automation and
intelligence that we've been able to build to do this without increasing
much headcount. As of May’ 24, we had over 890,000 companies with
revenue data and over 110,000 companies with detailed financials
available on the platform.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
7

Coming to cap tables, cap tables are requested by investors to see the
detailed shareholding, valuation, latest as well as historical share price of
private companies. Today, we track cap tables across over 15 countries.
The number of companies with cap tables has increased 1.4x in just the
last one year. As of May‘24, we had over 43,000 companies with detailed
shareholding available on the platform.
Legal entities. So, this is a new database that we launched of legal entities.
This helps investors to screen through legal entities registered across the
various countries for specific high growth metrics like revenue threshold or
growth rate or profitability or headcount data, etc. As of May’24, we had
nearly 30 million legal entities on our platform. Major countries by
coverage include UK, India, Singapore, and US. So, this is a new database
that we launched, and obviously, the data that you can see has increased
at an amazing pace. Our aim is to increase this database to 50 million
soon.
Another set of initiatives underway are for improving paid customer
engagement, as well as, account expansion to enhance growth of revenue
from existing customers. A separate team has been set up to increase the
penetration of paid licenses within the existing accounts, thereby moving
from reactive upgrades to more proactive upgrades. One of the examples
of initiatives under account expansion is, for instance, curbing login
sharing within an account. So, this is working well and we plan to continue
to scale it. We've also set up a separate team within our customer success
team for various engagement initiatives aimed at increasing user level and
account
level engagement through initiatives like better platform
education, periodic touchpoints, hero features, personalization, and more.
Another interesting growth initiative that we have talked about in the past,
is press mentions. As we've mentioned previously, whenever media talks
about data for private companies or startups or emerging technology
sectors, we want them to quote data from Tracxn. Our recent initiatives
like launching reports with media, data contributions, regular columns in
some newspapers, etc., have resulted in multifold increase in press
mentions that we have received across various respected media outlets.
Advantage of press mentions is that a lot of people discover our data for
the first time through media, and come to our website and generate a very
high intent lead. Also, we believe this goes a long way in building a brand
as a data company and also helps our sales conversion, and hence our
revenue growth.
Moving on to some of the other metrics, the company generated positive
free cash flow of 10.3 crores in FY24. If you see, this is a slight decrease
over FY23 last year. This is mainly due to the pending tax refunds which
are expected to be realized in the coming quarter. Cash & cash equivalents
stood at 75.2 crores, which is a very healthy increase of nearly 15 crores
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
8

on a year-on-year basis or a 25% increase on a year-on-year basis.
In the subsequent slides, we have covered some other KPIs for our
business. On the first, we cover number of customer accounts, number of
user accounts. We closed March’24 at 1,312 accounts and 3,593 users,
which is a 7% and a 5% growth on a year-on-year basis. Please note that
Q4 FY24 was the highest within the year and contributed to bulk of the
account additions.
In terms of some of the other KPIs, contract price or the invoicing amount
for FY24 was 86.6 crores, which is a 6% increase on a year-on-year basis.
The last graph talks about the entities profiled, which is a proxy to the
amount of data covered or data added onto the platform. So today, we
track more than 3 million profiles, including private market companies,
funds, etc. globally.
In terms of some other interesting characteristics of the business, 66% of
the revenue for FY24 was from outside India. If you see, this has been in
the same range across the last three financial years. These customers span
over 50 countries. The top 5 countries within this show a similar spread to
where you have large corporates as well as private market investors. The
top 5 countries for us by number of customer accounts are India, US,
Singapore, Germany, and UK.
Additionally, we also serve a diverse and a rich customer base. The
investment industry, including venture capital funds, private equity funds,
investment banks, as well as corporates across M&A teams, innovation
teams, etc., and others like government agencies, universities. So this gives
us a very large addressable market to tap into.
So, this covers most of the key updates from the recent period. In the
subsequent slides, we cover the business overview. I will skip going over
these slides, but please feel free to check it offline. Subsequently, we also
have some slides in the detailed financial statements, which you can go
through for more details.
Thanks. That's all the key items I wanted to share. I'll pass it back to
Sidharth for any Q&A that the group might have.
Moderator:
Yeah. Thank you, Neha. That was a really good introduction. So, we can
start the Q&A session now. Actually, we already had a few hands raised
even while the session was going on. So I'll first give an opportunity to
Nikhil Chandak. Nikhil, are you there?
Nikhil Chandak:
Yeah. Hi. I'm there. Thanks, Siddharth. Hi, Neha. Thank you for the
presentation. Neha, I just had one question that, when do we start
growing at the earlier CAGR, which you mentioned about FY20 to FY23,
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
9

which was in that range of 25%, irrespective of the startup environment?
I'm just saying, theoretically, if the startup environment were to remain,
say, sluggish, for example in the next 3-4 years, does it mean that we will
still grow at the single digit kind of numbers on the revenue? I'm talking
about revenue over here. So on the revenue side, or irrespective of the
startup environment, whatever that does, can we grow at that 25% clip by
way of market share gain or more markets… I mean, other territories and
so on and so forth? So how does one think about that?
Neha Singh:
Sure. Thanks, Nikhil. So yeah, that's correct, that if you look at historically,
it has been nearly 30%. And so, if you break down the reason, for instance,
little bit slow growth last year was one of the… one is obviously market. If
you look at the overall stats, it's one of the lowest that it has been the last
10 years, particularly in the late stage, right? Which has impacted
essentially all players in this market. If you look at all players, which are
serving private market data, it has impacted that. Second is that, some
regions were more impacted than the others. So, for instance, if you look
at India and America, they grew at between 10 to 15%, but Europe was,
slower than the other regions.
So, on your question of when do we sort of expect that to be back? So,
one is, the general consensus that, from H2, the market should start to
become better. But even if that doesn't happen, there are other things
that we are also doing. So, for instance, for Europe in specific, we are
doing something to be… so there you should start seeing a little bit more
growth. We're doing a couple of things. One is basically we're increasing
the coverage of financials over there, which would help us sign up more
customers in terms of the PEs, etc. We're doing something in languages.
Secondly, we have also started… if you see the account and account
growth, we have started to see that the volume growth has started to
happen. And we are hoping that the value growth should subsequently
follow that. So, and for instance, a lot of the efforts that you saw on
increasing our conversions for a few segments like PE, etc., is all aimed
towards that, that despite whatever happens externally, we are able to
sort of see more conversions in these segments.
Nikhil Chandak:
So, how does that translate? So, for example, what I was asking is,
irrespective of the environment. Because that can remain bad for three
years, God knows, right? I mean, nobody knows. It may not bottom out in
the 2nd half of this year. That nobody knows, frankly, because it's still a
tough environment. And interest rates are what they are; the bubble has
burst. Once the bubble bursts, normally history shows us it takes a long
time for things to come back to normal or to really boom again. So, if the
other steps which you're talking about in Europe, etc., does that mean you
come back to 20-25% growth rate, say for fiscal ‘25, fiscal ‘26?
Neha Singh:
So, we are hoping for that. Like, without giving a sort of guidance, we are
doing all these steps wherever we are seeing more impact or segments
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
10

wherein we want to improve conversions. So, all of this is basically aimed
towards that. A good example is the account expansion that you saw. So,
we are just starting some of the set of initiatives for account expansion.
You saw even the large accounts sort of grow even in this year. And that is
another area that you will probably see more effort. So, I think a lot of our
efforts for both, increasing conversions as well as sort of mining more from
the existing ones, you see in that direction. And specifically, there are
segments wherein we see were more impacted. There, we are having a
separate thing to be able to sort of see growth in those as well.
Nikhil Chandak:
But any number we can pencil in for fiscal ’25? Whatever your business
plan might be, like what revenue growth one can say expect for this year,
this fiscal year?
Neha Singh:
So, I guess that would be… as you know, we abstain from sort of giving
guidance. But, you know, hopefully that should become better from last
year.
Nikhil Chandak:
Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Sorry, probably I was on mute. Thank you, Nikhil. Our next question is
from Pratik Dedhia. Pratik, would you like to unmute yourself and ask your
question?
Pratik Dedhia:
Sure. Am I audible?
Moderator:
Yeah, loud and clear.
Pratik Dedhia:
Okay, cool. Thank you. So, my question is more on employee headcount.
So, you mentioned that your employee is a bigger, major chunk. So, can
you give some light on how the employee headcount has grown? And how
do you look at it from the future perspective in terms of headcount
growth, and how does it translate into top line growth?
Neha Singh:
Sure. Thanks, Prateek. So, just to answer that question, yes, so, employee
count today across the last three years, it has been around 88 to 89% of
the total expense. So, that is like the largest part of the expense. In terms
of the headcount, last year, the average headcount was slightly more.
Today, the average headcount was… this in FY24, the ending headcount,
for instance, is about 720 people. So, there were some teams which had
grown, like the sales team, etc., had grown. But there was also a reduction
in some of the other teams, like data operations, wherein you saw a lot of
initiatives on the back of automation getting done, which helped us sort of
increase data at a much more higher threshold with lesser number of
people, right. So, there you saw some rationalization in terms of the
number of people which are there. So, coming to your question about you
know how do we expect the headcount to be going forward? So, currently
if you see across - we have four key departments for the headcount. So, if I
have break up the 720 people across the four departments, we have about
95-member team in product and tech , about 370 members in analysts
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
11

and data operations, about 200 members in sales, marketing, and
customer success, and about 60 people in business support services, right.
The team that we will be scaling this year is primarily the sales team
wherein we are adding teams for a few customer segments like you saw
for, PE we set up a separate team, for universities we set up a separate
team. So, there you will continue to see some increase in headcount
happen. For the other, it will be very, I would say linear or minimal like in
analyst data operations because we keep increasing the number of data
production throughput, but because of automation we don't need to
increase a lot of headcount, right. So, in terms of the overall increase,
you'll probably see increase in the sales team primarily you know in the
subsequent year, right, but my sense is that the overall cost, you know
increase will still be not very high. It may still be you know like under 10%
or so, right, that you might see.
Pratik Dedhia:
Alright, got it. And most of, yeah. Okay. Most of their workforce location is
in India, right?
Neha Singh:
Yes. Actually, all of our team members are based in India. Our entire team
is based in India.
Pratik Dedhia:
Got it and how do you see your workforce growth translating into your
topline growth because your major revenue growth would come from
people addition, is my understanding correct?
Neha Singh:
So, not so much because if you look at our, the way our customer
acquisition happens, you know a lot is driven by marketing. So, for
instance you know all the initiatives that you saw around organic traffic,
you know increasing to 16 million right now that is about 19 million. A lot
of it is marketing driven which is not directly translated in terms of the
number of increase in headcount, so that is one big bucket which is there,
which is the increase in number of leads. The sales team is yes, which is
responsible for the number - for the conversion, you know so from demo
to closure, the other team that works behind it. So, you will see some
increase in that and there's another team which is on expansion, but we
don't really need to increase the number of people for increasing revenue,
but a lot of it is also driven by say the increasing in terms of the leads that
we are getting etc., which is primarily driven by you know say marketing.
Pratik Dedhia:
Okay. Got it. Alright. And my other question was where, in terms of what
type of data are you seeing the highest demand in? So, you mentioned
that a lot of companies that you have data for would be say ranging from it
being a legal entity to say only revenue data being available and for, I think
around you mentioned in your presentation that around 110K companies
for which you have full financial. So, where in which bucket are you seeing
higher demand in terms of data?
Neha Singh:
Yeah, sure. So, in terms of the demand for the data, so you know we cover
private companies. One of the key demands for the data continues to be
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
12

your sector-based data, you know which is one of our core USP. So, for
instance anyone who's looking to invest in a D2C brand or anyone who's
looking to invest in a hospital chain wants to see a good list of say hospital
chains or brands etc. which is there. So, that continues to be one of the
core USPs of how people are looking at it and a lot of data related to that.
What I mean is that you know when you're looking at a company you want
to look at what is the comps, what is the global comps etc. to be able to do
your benchmarking or do your diligence much more efficiently. So, that
can be used to be the key things. What we have done recently is that we
kept hearing from customers that for a specific set of customers for
instance, we also require sort of more deeper financial data, revenue data
etc. These are across countries. So, that was one of the reasons why for
the last couple of quarters you see a lot more effort going into just
increasing or doubling down on the you know coverage for these data
sets. So, there we are able to see, you know we think that this will help us
in sort of increase sort of conversions for specific customer segments,
right, which are looking for in addition to the company data, and the
sector data etc, they are also looking at the revenue data, financial data as
well as data on the legal entities to be able to sort of scan through private
companies.
Pratik Dedhia:
Okay. Got it. Alright. Can I squeeze in one more question?
Moderator:
Yes, please.
Pratik Dedhia:
Sure. Okay. So, how do you see competition from global entities and local
data entities? What kind of - so is there a pricing pressure or is there
pureplay on the quality of the data? What is your sense on that?
Neha Singh:
Sure. So, thanks for the question Pratik. So, coming to the competition.
See it's not a very highly competitive market in that sense as in you know,
unlike a horizontal SAAS company wherein you know if you're buying like
an HRMS software or a CRM software, right, there are dozens of players
which are there. Here globally, you only have about five or six players
which exist in this market, right and currently there is fair amount of
differentiation in terms of the data that exists across all these platforms.
So, when you're selling, it's not so much that you know you get, it's not so
much that due to the competition it's getting benchmark. You know you
have to sort of sell your product independently, right. So, you don't see
sort of pricing pressure in that sense because there's a fair amount of
differentiated data that exist today across the platforms for very
commodity data points, you know you may have this, but for a general
investor they are looking at lot more other things on the platform than
just, one or two data modules.
Pratik Dedhia:
Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
13

Moderator:
Yeah. Yeah, Thank you, Pratik. Now, we have next question from
Pradyumna Choudhary. Pradyumna would like to unmute yourself and ask
your question.
Pradyumna Choudhary: Yeah. Hi. Can you hear me?
Moderator:
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. loud and clear, yeah.
Pradyumna Choudhary: So, first question is on Tracxn Lite. So, if you can give some sense on the
costing of the product and is this what is leading to the customer account
additions, like do we include Tracxn Lite, customers in our accounts, the
accounts that we report number of accounts.
Neha Singh:
Right. So, we don't include the customer accounts on from the Tracxn Lite
on to the paid platform. So, I'll give you what Tracxn Lite means. So, we
kept - we heard from a lot of customers that when they see the platform
then they are able to see the richness of the platform in much more detail.
Currently when a, earlier when a user used to sign up, there was no
provision for us to give them sort of a limited time or like a limited
platform access for a longer time, right, which is you know you might have
used a lot of platforms there and you get sort of a limited access for a lot
of time, which helps you also get used to the platform or see more data
about the platform and then part of the users upgrade in the platform,
right. So, that is why we actually launched Tracxn Lite because we realized
that currently for our potential customer segments, they really have to use
the - see the data. So, once they see the data, then they are able to
appreciate right the richness of the data that exists, otherwise they may
not be aware that this sort of data sets exists on the platform, right. So,
that is why we launched Tracxn Lite. Those users are not accounted in the
customer count right because these are non-paid users. Only the set of
users that become paid through that they get counted in the paid user
addition, right. So, this is for us more of a customer acquisition channel
that when the person signs up, they're able to see limited platform for a
longer period of time, which helps us build the pipeline of users that are
ready for upgrade, right. So, this is more of a marketing channel and not,
so these customers are not counted. We only count when the billing starts.
Pradyumna Choudhary: Understood. Second question is on our Q on Q growth going forward, like
what I see is we've had a good net account addition in this quarter, which
hasn't really flown to our Q on Q revenue growth because probably your
the deferred revenue part, right, revenue gets recognized over the course
of the remaining year from the time they've been signed, so can we –
would it be right to say that Q4 probably for us was the bottom and we
should see at least some sort of a Q on Q growth going forward from here
on?
Neha Singh:
Yeah. So, like, yeah, so that is correct that if you see like the account
addition, you know they were that volume growth that we have started to
see, now that has started to happen and one of the reasons is that we
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
14

continue to see like all the value growth does not have like hopefully we
are hoping that you know the value growth will sort of follow that and I
think there you will probably see sort of more volume growth going
forward and hopefully you will also probably see some of it translate into
value growth, right.
Pradyumna Choudhary: So, but the sense is that Q4 probably for us was the bottom in terms of the
revenue growth, would it be right to say?
Neha Singh:
So, I think we'll have to probably see how that works, but a lot of the signs
look good, a lot of the signs in terms of you know the customer acquisition
that we are seeing or some of the initiatives that we are seeing i for
specific regions , there the results that early results that we are seeing that
continues to be positive. So, we are hoping for that.
Pradyumna Choudhary: Okay. And lastly on the sales team, like I saw your PPT where you
explained how you guys are creating treating sales team specifically for the
private equity side, specifically for the startups, which seems like a good
initiative. Just wanted to understand like how is this new initiative any
different from what we've done in the past like what’s the, what would be
the idea behind the sales team, like what would be the KRA’sS and also
would this need to probably for a in the near term would it lead to a lower
revenue to EBITDA conversion because I'm sure it would lead to some
higher expenses?
Neha Singh:
Right. Yeah. So, I actually answering that in two parts. One is basically what
is the purpose for that. So, this is, just to increase the focus on those
customer segments as well as to increase the conversion from demo to
closure in those customer segments then what is done by a generic team,
right. So, for instance universities like we talked about three different
customer segments that we that have been prioritized. One is universities.
So, universities are like a great marketing channel for us more than just
being a revenue channel because most of our customer segments actually
graduate from say like the top 500 to 1000 universities globally and we
already saw examples of the fact that customers had started using the
platform earlier, you know, when they were students and when they
joined like a private equity fund or venture capital fund, they also bought
the subscription over there, right. So, that is for instance one team. PE was
the other team because that's again like a cash rich segment and we have
low penetration in PE segment than say like a VC segment. So, that's why
there was another team because it just brings in more focus for reaching
out to this segment and in this the sales pitch and the conversion, that is
required for this segment and startups was the other third team that we
had set separately because we just were getting a lot of volume of
inbound from this segment. Traditionally, we had not catered to this
segment as a separate segment, but we set up a separate team which can
do a different pitch, do a different way of collections etc. for this customer
segment that helps us also tap that, that's mainly for like sales and
marketing data or for market intelligence , right. So, that is that was the
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
15

logic of having these teams prioritize and there are one or two more
segments which are there in the pipeline, which we will set up in the next
coming one or two quarters, which will help us bring in more focus in
terms of the closures within the segment and helps us in conversion of the
of customers in this segment, right. So, hopefully that answers the first
part of your question.
Coming to the second part of the question. So, in terms of the cost and
how does this translate into the cost? So, yes, you will see a little bit of
increase in terms of headcount in specific sales team, and so yeah, you
might end up being, it may not be as much as say last year wherein we had
increased the headcount. So, it'll be probably lesser than what it was in
FY23, but it will be - we will add headcount in these segments which we
believe is good for the long-term, which will help us bring in more sort of
conversions and more focus towards the segments that we have been -
that we have prioritized.
Pradyumna Choudhary: Understood. Just to follow up here, so sales team like I was hoping for it to
be more of a push kind of an initiative where we aggressively go towards
the customers and try selling a product, but it seems even now the idea
behind these teams is to just like improve the conversion through a better
demo and better interaction with the customer. So,
Abhishek Goyal:
So, we do reach out
Pradyumna Choudhary: Yeah, please, please, Abhishek.
Abhishek Goyal:
Yeah, we do plan for these vertical teams, usually these are 5 to 10
member teams. So, each of these title-based team would be in that range.
We first start with inbound. It helps us refine our pitch for that category,
pricing for that category sometimes even data related. The insights also
come from these vertical teams and then eventually once we start like in a
few weeks - few months, we start doing outbound also. See, in university
we started doing outbound very aggressively after a few months and we
got good results there. Similarly, in private equity, we are now in a phase
we are doing more inbound, but I think the idea is that the test out
outbound slowly and start getting more conversions there and private
equity last couple of weeks we have started to do early outbounds and we
are getting good responses there, so but you have to start with inbound
because there's a big type of leads coming and they are also very warm,
they already are familiar with the product. So, it's always a good idea to
start there and then refine all these other items accordingly and then you
go outbound.
Pradyumna Choudhary: Alright, thank you.
Moderator:
Yeah. Thank you, Pradyumna. Next in line we have Sougata Roy. Saugata
has also posted a lot of questions on chat window. So, Saugata, over to
you.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
16

Sougata Roy:
Thanks. Thanks so much. Can you guys hear me?
Moderator:
Yeah, you can be a little louder if you want. Otherwise, it's fine.
Sougata Roy:
Great, so Neha, Abhishek, just wanted to start with this question around
when I see the results and when I try and reconcile your revenue drop
with the number of accounts that have been added and the deferred
revenue, the deferred revenue has been flat while you guys have
increased the number of accounts in this quarter. So, what is the reason
for that because ideally if you are adding accounts then you are deferred
revenue should go up?
Neha Singh:
Right. Sure. Thanks, Sougata for that question. Yeah, just to answer that,
for instance in terms of the number of accounts, obviously it has been like
one of the highest that you see across the last four quarters. One of the
reasons why there's a difference between just the number of account
addition and the deferred revenue that you see is the size of the accounts.
To give an example, if you look at the average number of users on per
account across all our accounts, it's nearly three, right. So, on an average
there are three users per account, per paid account that we have, but if
you see a lot of the new users start small and grow over time, right. So, the
new user starts with like a smaller pack like a single user two user etc. and
then over time they grow. If you look at more recently a lot more users
have chosen for instance, the new onboarding users are chosen for
instance a single user plan, right like earlier it used to be a little lower, this
time nearly 95% of the sort of accounts which started actually started with
like a single user, right? That is why you see that the account addition has
increased, but, like there's a little bit, but the deferred revenue difference
is only, marginal in that sense, right. So, hopefully that answers your
question.
Sougata Roy:
Just to follow-up Neha, and when I go to your Tracxn website, I see that if
you want to now get a Tracxn login, the minimum number of users you
need is 3, right? Is that correct? And is that a very recent phenomenon?
Neha Singh:
No. So, the minimum user you can actually start with like a single user as
well. So, below that you have a single user as well that people can sign up
with.
Sougata Roy:
And just, so that I understand your average, so let's say you have added 88
accounts, are you saying that across those 88 accounts 90%-95% of them
are single user?
Neha Singh:
That's correct, yes. In terms of numbers.
Sougata Roy:
Understood.
Neha Singh:
Not in revenue, but in terms of numbers.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
17

Sougata Roy:
Understood, understood and anyway I think, even if it is a single user, you
guys offer a six month or a three months plan, and a one-year plan, right?
So, what is the sort of tenure of clients that you have added?
Neha Singh:
Right. In terms of tenure, right, right. So, in terms of tenure, we have
different plans. So, you have typically like a quarterly plan, so all the billing
and the collection happens prepaid. So, it's either prepaid quarterly
upfront or prepaid annually upfront, right. So, if you look at the typical
revenue mix from last year about across the entire base about 60% to 66%
would be annual upfront and the remaining would be quarterly upfront.
Sougata Roy:
And what would be the charges for an annual or other pricing for annual
versus quarterly on an average?
Neha Singh:
So, it would be similar per user per month. There would be like a
one-month discount that you have, say if you sign up over an annual
package. This is just to incentivize people to sign up for annual packages.
But we have seen that the preference for like a quarterly or an annual
depends on the customer type. To give you an example, a lot of the
corporates, the large corporates which have a PO process right, they prefer
an annual billing. A lot of the funds, because they don't have to go through
like a PO process, they actually prefer like a quarterly billing. So, even
some of the large accounts would also, for instance be on quarterly billing
because it's just the preference by the customer segment.
Sougata Roy:
And so, I'm trying to reconcile this because on an average let's say that,
your average per account pricing for a year will be what, 3½ lakhs to 4
lakhs, right? Even if you take it on a quarterly basis, you would add
anywhere between 1½ CR to 2 CR of upfront. I mean, there will be cash
upfront versus the revenue being deferred, while the deferred revenue has
actually fallen. I'm trying to reconcile that, in any customer addition
scenario, you should see that deferred revenue go up even though if it is a
single use customer. I mean even if there is one customer per account.
Neha Singh:
Sure. So, I'll let probably Prashant, sort of take that and see how there's a
deferred revenue sort of change across the options.
Prashant Chandra:
Yes, Sougata, hi. I hope you're doing well, right. So, on the deferred
revenue, I mean like one way to look at it is basically of how many months
we are basically talking in front basically revenue in waiting to be
recognized, yeah. Now it’s, a function of the underlying billing. But on an
average, historically our deferred revenue has been somewhere between
4½ to 5 months of revenue and if you can see that, that's what perhaps
sustaining even now, yeah and right. So, perhaps like you know some of
these accounts as they expand, we'll see the tick in the deferred revenue
as well, but at the moment, I mean like as much as we are taking out
inrevenue recognition there is as much being added as well. Did that answer
your question, Sougata?
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
18

Sougata Roy:
Yeah, we can probably take this offline. The other question essentially
Neha is that the degrowth in revenue Q on Q is it to do with the churn that
has happened in quarter three and you're seeing some of that result in
quarter 4?
Neha Singh:
So, just to answer that question, so Q3 flowing into Q4 would be - so, I
think it would be more on a longer period of time like if you look at some
of the regions wherein the degrowth happened, which is primarily Europe
right. There probably the last 2-3 quarters have been slow. It's not so much
of a spillover, but like it's because of a lot of the conditions which exist.
Probably for the last two or three quarters, it has been slow. So, I would
say that's a result of the last one or two quarters that spans across.
Sougata Roy:
And how do you see April pan out in terms of customer addition? Has it
been in line with quarter four of FY24? Are you seeing that given the kind
of initiatives that you've seen, I mean you've started and what are the sort
of results that you're seeing, let's say on the PE side and on the University
side? If one has to look at your mix of new customer that you've added,
how many would have come from a PE and University, let's say in the first
four months of CY24?
Neha Singh:
Sure. So, in terms of the volume growth, we continue to see the volume
growth happen. Once it has started because of a lot of the initiatives that
we have done. So, we continue to see sort of volume growth that
continues. Coming to the second part which is you know in these
customer segments I think you know there's a lot of initiatives that are
underway and you'll keep seeing sort of more logos getting added like
even in terms of universities which is there. So, probably the current rate
of acquisition is multiple times of what existed maybe like two quarters
back. So, that pace has sort of increased for us in terms of acquisition, in
terms of number of universities or number of PE customers that is there,
but I think you'll probably see more results of that in the subsequent
quarters.
Sougata Roy:
Understood. And one final question before I jump back into the queue is
that I see that you have 75 to 76 crores of cash on the balance sheet. Are
you guys thinking of some sort of capital allocation with that cash in terms
of a dividend or a buyback?
Neha Singh:
Right, right. So, yeah, there are essentially two things apart from if you
want to do like a strategic acquisition, there are two other avenues. One is
dividend and buyback as you rightly mentioned. We cannot do a dividend
until we have used all the accumulated losses, right. So, that leaves
buyback as one of the options and that is surely something that you know
we'll potentially think about in the coming months if we can do that
because we continue to generate cash. Like even if you look at last year,
we generated nearly 15 crores of cash. Even on the Q on Q basis this
increased by nearly 5 crores, right. So, there we continue to see sort of
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
19

healthy growth that happens. So, we'll probably end up sort of considering
thinking about if we can do something in this direction.
Sougata Roy:
Thanks. And just final question, would it be fair to say given the kind of
customer accounts that you've added and adding now, I'm sure April is
going to be in the same range as Q4, is, are we going to see a 10% plus
growth Q on Q in quarter one FY25 and so on, do we, can we expect to see
that given your deferred revenue balance as well as customer that you've
added?
Neha Singh:
So, just sort of we refrain from giving any guidance. We do expect that you
will continue to see sort of what we see is that for instance the volume
growth has started and hopefully you'll probably see something better
that is there in the subsequent quarters.
Sougata Roy:
Okay. Thanks a lot, Neha.
Neha Singh:
Thanks, Sougata.
Moderator:
Thank you, Sougata. Our next question is from Vidit. Vidit Shah Would you
like to unmute yourself and ask your question?
Vidit Shah:
Hi, yes. Am I audible?
Moderator:
Yeah, loud and clear.
Vidit Shah:
Okay, great. So, my first question was on the organic traffic. I mean this is
grown about 70%-80%, right this year. We've not seen that like anything
close to that in terms of addition to customers. Now I understand the
market is slow, but like if you could just speak about some of the
challenges that the marketing team is facing, while converting the organic
traffic, why is this not leading to as much customer additions as it has in
the past?
Abhishek Goyal:
So, I think we also have to recognize that markets have been very, very
soft. So, for private markets, we have never seen this kind of deduction in
capital allocation as well as rounds, Unicorn creation. So, this is equivalent
to like 2008 moment for public equities. So, that's why you see muted
response to a lot of these marketing or growth initiatives that you have
done, but we are expecting our initiatives to unfold over next few quarters
as well as market to slightly normalize and in one or two quarters, we'll
start seeing significantly better results from our initiatives. Neha in case
you wanted to add something.
Neha Singh:
Right, right. No, that's correct. So, we continue to sort of see work on
these and we believe that as sort of a little bit of activity or as all these
things pick up, we should start seeing more conversions. Obviously, we are
working towards larger top of the funnel, so there ideally your volume
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
20

should also go irrespective of whatever happens externally, but as sort of
things include we should continue to see sort of more sort of conversions
that happen through this and as Abhishek sort of also mentioned that it's
a little bit function also of the market like if you look at some of the large
customer like large funds like a SoftBank, they did not do any deal last year
in India for instance versus they were being very active, right. So, obviously
there are a lot of people that are there in the funnel, but as for instance as
activity for them sort of picks up, you probably see more conversions or
that happen over time.
Vidit Shah:
But I'm sure they would still be on the lookout for deals, right? Like even if
they did not do a deal, I'm sure they must still be using products to scout
for potential opportunities and even in such markets and the other thing I
wanted to just clarify is that the 16 million and 19 million organic traffic,
are these like unique IP's that we track or there could be some repeat like
the same person coming on two different hits?
Neha Singh:
I'll probably direct it to Abhishek.
Abhishek Goyal:
So, this is the traffic that we receive from Google. These are not uniques.
These are reported - Google has a console called Search Console where they
give out data about how much traffic they are sending to admins. So, this is
that data. So, it is not unique. These are all visits.
Vidit Shah:
Okay.
Neha Singh:
But these are good representative of the volume that you're getting. So, as
that increases, you can also see a lot more increase in terms of some of
the other click throughs etc.
Vidit Shah:
Yeah, I guess it also represents like how good your data and how much of a
pull your data really has.
Neha Singh:
Right.
Abhishek Goyal:
This is very reliable metric. Everything else you do can be subjective. We
realize that this is a very clean, authentic source of data, so we started
showcasing this. This is obviously only the traffic from Google, which is
probably like 90%-95% of the market, but this is the cleanest and most
reliable source of data. So, we depend on this data to give us a guidance
on how we are doing.
Neha Singh:
And just to add to that, I think we have also at our end been doing a lot of
initiatives to be able to increase that, right. Just for instance the amount of
data points that we sort of or the pages that we have sort of made live
that's in spanning a few millions, so that anyone who's searching for that,
they are aware of the data that said that exists, also working through the
entire optimization funnel that exists. So, we have also been doing a lot of
efforts on our end to be able to sort of increase this traffic.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
21

Vidit Shah:
Understood. Also, if you could just, you answered a little bit on Tracxn Lite,
but how long has it been since we've started this?
Neha Singh:
Just three months. So, you can say essentially beginning of this year is
when we launched it.
Vidit Shah:
And what is the conversion that we've seen from the Lite customers to
full-fledged paying customers?
Neha Singh:
Right. So, I would say, it's still early days, but we started to see that, there
are a lot of people that are getting engaged, seeing the data, seeing what
it exists, right. Lot of relevant customer segments are also being able to
see that light, right. So, but I would say its early days. I think once it's
probably spans a few more months then we'll have better data around the
conversion panel that exists through this.
Vidit Shah:
Okay. Got it. And you I think gave out some data points in terms of your
headcount strength. I sort of missed that. If you could just repeat that for
me would be very helpful?
Neha Singh:
Yeah, sure. So, we ended the year, March ending at about 720 people
total. We have four key departments, the way it’s split across four key
departments is about 95-member team across product and tech, that's
first. Second is about 370-member team in analyst and data operations,
about 200-member team in sales, marketing, and customer success, and
about 60 people in business support services.
Vidit Shah:
Okay. And so out of this 200-member team like Abhishek said, we've got
about 5 to 10 people dedicated for Universities, private equities, and
startup seats. So, about 30 people are dedicated, the rest of 170 are
working on other sort of customer avenues, is that the right way to
understand?
Neha Singh:
Right. So, yeah there will be separate team for marketing which is more
digital marketing focused and then across the different stages of sales,
right and the support team as well. Yes, so this spans across all these.
Vidit Shah:
Okay. Thanks. Thanks so much for answering this. Wish you the best.
Neha Singh:
Thanks, Vidit.
Moderator:
Yeah. Thank you so much. I think in the interest of time, probably we'll
have to close this call now. In case if you have any further questions, you
can reach out to management at investor.relations@tracxn.com. Now, I
will pass on to Neha and Abhishek to give the closing remarks.
Neha Singh:
Sure. Thanks a lot. Thanks Sameer. Thanks, Siddharth, and thanks
everyone for joining us today. I hope you had a good understanding of our
recent business update and we've been able to answer some of the
queries. In case you have any other queries, please feel free to reach out
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
22

to any of us. I’m neha@tracxn.com or you can reach out to Abhishek or
Prashant, or write to our team at investor.relations@tracxn.com. Thanks
again and have a good rest of the day.
Moderator:
Thank you very much.
Abhishek Goyal:
Thank you everyone.
Prashant Chandra:
Thank you. Thank you everyone.
Moderator:
Thank you.
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove and / or correct any grammatical inaccuracies and inconsistencies in language that
might have occurred inadvertently while speaking.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript
23
