13th May 2024 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip code: 532343 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip code: TVSMOTOR 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam, 
Reg 
: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
In continuation to our intimations dated 30th April 2024 and 8th May 2024 with respect to the 
schedule of a conference call with M/s. B & K Securities post results for the quarter ended 
31st March 2024 and intimation on the audio recording, respectively, we wish to inform that 
the transcript of the said recording has been hosted on the website of the Company and is 
available at: 
https://www.tvsmotor.com/en/Investors/Communication  
We also enclose the said transcript for your reference. 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
K S Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
Website: www.tvsmotor.com Email: contactus@tvsmotor.com CIN: L35921TN1992PLC022845 
KELLIYA 
SUBRAMANIA
N SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
KELLIYA SUBRAMANIAN 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2024.05.13 
16:56:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“TVS Motor Company Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K N RADHAKRISHNAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY 
LIMITED 
 
MR. K. GOPALA DESIKAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – BATLIVALA AND KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TVS Motor Company Limited Q4 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj for his opening remarks from Batlivala 
& Karani Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of B&K Securities, welcome to 4Q FY 
'24 Post Results Conference Call of TVS Motor Company Limited. I also take this opportunity 
to welcome the senior management team of TVS Motor Company Limited. We have with us 
today, Mr. K. N. Radhakrishnan, Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. K. Gopala 
Desikan, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I will now invite Mr. K. N. Radhakrishnan for his opening remarks to be followed by question-
and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Good evening. Thanks for joining -- thanks to all of you for joining today. First of all, we are 
extremely happy to inform you that the company has won top honours in almost all categories 
in J.D. Power 2024, India 2-wheeler Initial Quality Studies and APEAL. We are extremely 
thankful to all our customers for their trust, encouragement and securing the top positions across 
multiple product segments consistently for several years demonstrate the customer confidence 
on our products. 
 
This is also the year, '2023-24 was the year where we achieved significant milestones in terms 
of sales, revenue and profit. First time, we have surpassed sales of over 4 million units of 2-
wheelers, posted all-time highest revenue of INR31,776 crores, profit of INR2,781 crores despite 
many challenges, in the international market. But let me give you first about the full year results, 
and then I'll talk about Q4. 
 
As I highlighted, the revenue from the operations grew by 20% from INR26,378 crores to 
INR31,776 crores. Domestic ICE 2-wheeler sales numbers grew by 19% as against the industry 
growth of 13%. EV volume has doubled from 97,000 during last year to 194,000 this year. IB 
2-wheeler sales declined by 3% over the last year as against the industry decline of almost 5%. 
 
In terms of profit, our operating EBITDA improved by 100 basis points from 10.1% during last 
year to 11.1% during this year under review. During the year, the company posted the highest 
ever PBT, a growth of 39% at INR2,781 crores as against INR2,003 crores during last year. 
 
Profit after tax for the year grew by 40%, INR1,491 crores to INR2,083 crores. During the year, 
company generated an operating free cash flow of INR2,259 crores as against INR795 crores 
during the previous financial year. Net debt on 31st March has come down by INR1,028 crores. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
On Q4, during the quarter, company's operating revenue grew by 24%. We are at INR8,169 
crores as against INR6,605 crores during last year Q4. In the domestic ICE 2-wheeler market 
company sales grew by 18% at INR7.5 lakhs units as against 6.36 lakh units during Q4 of last 
year. 
 
In the international 2-wheeler market, the company sales grew by 47% at 2.36 lakhs as against 
1.61 lakhs during Q4 of last year. We sold 49,000 units of electric 3-wheelers against last year's 
43,000 units of EV. The total 2-wheeler sales grew by 23%, 10.32 lakhs as against 8.39 lakhs. 
And the 3-wheeler sales grew by 4%, 30,000 units as against 29,000 units last year. 
 
Profit for the quarter, the EBITDA grew by 36% at INR926 crores as against EBITDA of 
INR680 crores during Q4 of last year. And the EBITDA margin for the quarter is 11.3% as 
against 10.3% during Q4 of last year. PBT for the quarter grew by 23% at INR672 crores as 
against INR547 crores during Q4 of last year. PBT for the current quarter includes a fair 
valuation loss of INR47 crores as against a gain of INR62 crores during the fourth quarter of last 
year. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter grew by 18%, INR485 crores as against INR410 crores during Q4 
of last year.  
On industry and the performance of EV, you know that the EV industry grew by 32% over last 
year. The full year penetration was at 5.4% as against 4.7%. 
 
Government incentives have been scaled down significantly but originally INR51,000 per 
vehicle in the previous financial year, it's about INR22,000 in June 2023. Further it has come 
down from April 2024. The FAME scheme has moved into the new EMPS scheme, and this is 
valid till 31st July 2024. 
 
TVS was able to absorb a major portion of this reduction through the cost reduction initiatives, 
scale benefits and commodity cost reductions. We believe the industry will continue to grow 
and  with the support from the government and improvement in the infrastructure. 
 
During last year, the EV volume grew by 100%, TVS iQube established as a very strong brand 
in the EV segment with its technology, features and best-in-class quality. TVS iQube, I'm 
extremely happy that we have crossed now cumulatively 3 lakh customers in India. We also 
expanded network. We have moved now to almost 712 touch points in India.  
We are happy to inform you that during the month of April, the company was awarded PLI 
scheme for its current 2-wheelers in EV portfolio. 
 
Some of the EV products planned pipeline are in the final stages. You will be seeing new 
launches in the upcoming quarters, which is appealing to various customer segments. We are 
also extremely happy that we will be announcing multiple options in TVS iQube to provide 
appropriate range and price combinations with different battery capacity to our customers 
because this is very, very critical. This also an insight from our customer understanding. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
All of you know that TVS X,  the premium electric crossover, which we have developed many 
advanced technologies, including cutting edge connectivity, which was showcased in various 
international markets. We are reaching out to those who booked, and they are very excited with 
the ride experience they have got, and we are starting deliveries in the next few weeks. 
 
As you are aware, during this year, we have started exporting TVS iQube to few ASEAN 
markets and the Asia market. We strongly believe that India will emerge as a major exporter of 
2-wheeler and TVSM will expand its EV product sales to both the developing and developed 
countries. 
 
With the well-planned product lineup on EV from TVS, the continuous improvement in the EV 
supply chain and infrastructure, we are confident that we will continue to be a strong player in 
the EV segment. 
 
On TVS Credit. During the last financial year, TVS Credit achieved a significant milestone with 
over 1.3 crores customer base, book size crossed INR25,000 crores, grew by 26%, now it is at 
INR25,900 crores. TVS Credit PBT for the year grew by 49% from INR512 crores during the 
financial year 2022-23 to INR763 crores. All of you know that company raised external funding 
during the year, demonstrates strong financial position of our company. 
 
Various digital transformation projects help the company to provide superior customer 
experience. Now TVS CS offers products and expanded portfolio financing for used car 
consumer durables, new and used tractors, used commercial vehicles and now we have started 
gold loan apart from 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler financing. 
 
When we look at '2024-25, India GDP growth is anticipated to surpass initial estimates with 
expectations of around 6.5%. India will be one of the major economies in terms of the growth. 
The growth is underpinned by the key socioeconomic fundamentals and proactive and consistent 
policy by the Government of India and RBI. And we are expecting that the monsoon this year is 
likely to be normal. 
 
The ongoing geopolitical issues may affect the supply chain. Presently, we are not envisaging 
any major disruptions due to this. In the last 3 years, we have seen some of this disruption in 
supply chain, and we were able to alleviate most of these constraints. The company manages a 
diverse multi-source global supply chain to counteract these risks. We are expecting this year, 
the 2-wheeler industry will have a healthy growth. We expect the growth to come from urban 
and rural, starts improving this year. 
 
During the last financial year, the product whatever we have launched has helped us to 
significantly grow better than the industry, primarily led by TVS Raider amongst many, many 
products like Jupiter 125. We are very confident that the growth momentum will continue this 
year. 
 
In IB 2-wheeler market, we anticipate to see a certain level of recovery in this year. Some of the 
major African markets are showing some recovery, some continue with challenges. We continue 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
to upgrade our product portfolio with a lot of customer attractive features, best-in-class quality, 
and this will further strengthen our position in the international markets. 
 
This year, you will see new products from the company, both in ICE and in EV. Coming to IB 
3-wheeler, we are expecting Africa to have muted growth in the first half and expect recovery 
during the second half of the year. We could see positive momentum coming from LATAM and 
Southeast Asian market. 
 
On EBITDA, I am very sure all of you would have seen during the last 5 years, company was 
able to consistently improve. 2019-20, EBITDA was at 8.2%, and now this quarter, we are at 
11.3%. Continued focus on cost reduction, continued growth with new products, 
premiumization, strong brand and IB has helped the company to achieve this. 
 
Company has invested in various digital technologies, software, electronics, and innovation 
across areas to improve customer experience, retail and service management, manufacturing 
supply chain best-in-class features to all our new customers and new products. 
 
On commodities. Last year, we could see softening of commodities. There are some increases 
during this quarter, but we are pretty confident that with the kind of product range what we have, 
and sustained focus on better product mix and cost reduction initiatives. We are confident that 
our EBITDA journey will continue to improve quarter after quarter. 
 
Ownership experience, product quality, cutting edge technology and the customer delight factors 
coming from J.D. Power. We are very, very confident that with Apache, Jupiter, Jupiter 125, 
iQube, Raider, Ntorq and the Star range in HLX and TVS King and Ronin, we will continue to 
grow faster than the industry, both in domestic and international. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is on the PLI scheme comments that you had made in the prepared remarks. 
So it appears that across the industry, there's been between 3% to 4% price hikes after the FAME 
II subsidies have been reduced. And now that you are eligible for PLI scheme subsidies 
potentially 13% to 15% subsidies going forward. And there's more iQube products on the way 
in terms of leveraging the EV platforms? Just trying to understand what sort of time frames you 
have in mind for a potential positive EBITDA or EBITDA breakeven in the electric 2-wheeler 
business, just keeping these factors in mind? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
There are two important points in the EV space. Thanks to the PLI scheme, I think that will help 
the company. We are also now  based on our learning in the market, the iQube will have more 
affordable, multiple options to the customers with the different battery capacity to provide 
appropriate range and price combination to our customer because that is very, very critical. This 
is one. 
 
Second, as I told you, we are positive in contribution. At this point of time, since we are investing 
in many new products, I think we need to continue to invest in R&D, technology and digital 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
analytics in this area. But I'm pretty confident that the new product with domestic and then going 
into the international market, both developing and developed, systematically, we can increase 
the EBITDA and we can first move into positive territory. But what is heartening is the positive 
contribution. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just on the comments you made on more options to 
be available to customers on the iQube. So just I think in the past 2 to 2.5 years, we have spoken 
about rough run rate of potential one new launch or one new product refresh on the 2-wheeler 
side per quarter. Is that the sort of run rate we have in mind for FY '24? And if you could just 
give us some colour on what to expect for customers from TVS in FY '25 on both the ICE 
premium as well as the electric 2-wheelers pipeline? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, the more options on the current iQube will be available very shortly. The new product, 
whatever I highlighted, the new products you will see in this financial year, both in ICE and EV, 
okay, they are in advanced stage. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. And just lastly, a couple of housekeeping questions. If you could just 
explain the negative other income this quarter, where that's coming from? And then also just the 
spares and the exports revenue for the quarter, please? 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Sorry, I was trying to  understand the question. See, the negative INR46 crores is mainly because 
of a notional loss on fair valuation of investments held by the company. In the past, the fair 
valuation gain was accounted in the last year. And if you see the last quarter, the other income 
was positive at INR70 crores where we had a realized gain on sale and notional loss on fair 
valuation of investments. And this quarter, there is a loss which is notional with regard to INR46 
crores of fair valuation of an investment held by the company. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. And just the spares revenue and the exports revenue for the quarter, please? 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Just a minute. Spare parts and then exports, correct? I think the international business is about 
INR2,038 crores. Spare parts for the quarter is about INR815 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JPMorgan. 
Amyn Pirani: 
So my question, again, is on the EV side, but on a potential launch timeline for the 3-wheeler 
EV because I think that is also something that we have been working on. So can you give any 
timeline as to by when we are thinking of this launch and whether this will be mostly a domestic 
focused product? Or are there plans to export that also whenever we do launch it? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
It is also in the advanced stage and these products on EV will be not only for India, but also for 
many of the markets in the international market. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. So this financial year, should we expect the 3-wheeler EVs? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Secondly, on the ICE side, a 2-part question. The Scooters including ICE scooters as a 
whole have still continued to grow despite EVs, how is the difference between the 110cc and 
125cc? Are we starting to see some pressure on the 110cc scooter, and what's your expectation 
going forward? And secondly, over the last few years, you have launched quite a few ICE 
products and addressed a lot of the white spaces. So when we are thinking of more ICE launches, 
is there any specific segment that you are looking at for the next, say, 12 to 18 months on the 
ICE launches? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
I'll go step by step. I think overall, scooter, according to me in the industry, the segment share 
of scooters will go up because scooter have got exponent advantage and we should know that 
current 30%, 32% will go up. So expansion in the scooter category will definitely happen. Okay? 
And that will have both ICE and EV. This is number one. 
 
Number two, the customer  when people have 110cc and 125cc, according to me both will grow. 
The reason is 2-wheelers have got the unique advantage. And especially scooters have got the 
unique advantage of both men and women and both urban and semi-urban. And it's also now 
getting into rural because the road infrastructure, definitely in India is improving now. So that is 
one of the critical reasons why scooter category is growing ahead of any other categories. 
 
Number three  thanks to the population and the demography, I think those people who are in 
110cc, they want to upgrade, and they will move to 125, okay? And this is not natural, okay? 
But more people will get into 110cc, because there are enough young people who wants to start 
the 2-wheeler experience. 
 
And 2-wheelers, because the public transport challenges and India growing in the population. 
And you know the flexibility what a scooter provides even in urban cities. So I'm of the view 
that you will see growth in both 125cc and 110cc, okay? Because of the customer segment, 
demography and the opportunity to grow and flexibility what it offers. I hope I have answered 
you. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, sir, that's very helpful. And sir, if you could shed some light on potential launches on the 
ICE side. Is there a particular category that we should be looking at? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
The opportunities are there. Significant opportunities are there, I can tell you. And we constantly 
look at the white spaces and this will be  2024-25 will be a very, very exciting year. That's why 
I said you will see both in ICE and in EV, you will see launches from the company, which are 
fairly in the advanced stages. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And my first question is more of a follow-up on spare parts because we've seen that despite 
having probably the fastest revenue growth or volume growth in the industry for the last 5, 10 
years, your spare parts growth is not above the trend line because we've seen some of your peers 
grow their spare parts exposure from like 8%, 9% to somewhere like 14%, 15% of revenue. But 
for you, spare parts is still well below the 10% and which is average. So is there something 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
which you're leaving on the table here in terms of potentially doing more spare parts, which can 
help the business? 
 
I'm just trying to understand or reconcile the divergent trends on spare parts in the last 3, 4 years 
between you and the peers. So, if you can just help us understand this aspect better. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Always I respect my competitors because I learned from them quite a lot. On ours, I always look 
at  we have hub and spoke model, and we look at the primary sales, secondary sales and the 
stocks. So based on that, when we look at it  I'm not saying that we are meeting full demand, but 
our service levels  I don't think our customers have to wait for spare parts. So we look at -- but 
it's appropriate in the market and we are able to grow. 
 
Maybe there are opportunities to grow, but we will always keep the retailers and the operate part 
stockists and our dealers with the right kind of stock because it's very, very critical that we should 
not overstock the people, and it should work as the full system. That is what we focus on. Okay. 
Definitely, the opportunities are there to grow. But we are not missing from the customer 
satisfaction point of view in terms of the spare parts. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And second question on the electrification strategy. Because what we see is like your 
competition have done multiple launches, multiple rounds of price cuts, discounts and all of that. 
And you've been far more disciplined in that sense and the market share has also had a much 
better than what one would have feared given the competitive landscape. So how  what explains 
this? And how should one look at the kind of addressable market expansion, which you can aim 
for with new launches what you're talking about? 
 
And related to that is on the 3-wheeler opportunity because more than 90% of your 3-wheelers 
are exported. And domestically 3-wheeler ICE franchise has not been that great. And how could 
that change with the electrification shifts? And also if you can confirm whether it's you're going 
to be foraying into the cargo 3-wheelers as well with the electrification E3-wheeler platform 
launch? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, E3-wheeler will definitely give us an opportunity in the domestic market. And there is a 
great opportunity for us in the domestic 3-wheeler space. On the overall EV strategy, we always 
look at the customer and we can give them  that's why I said you can look at what kind of options  
multiple options with a different battery capacity on TVS iQube and appropriate range with price 
combination to our customer  because it is very, very important that the customers respect the 
brand, they look at overall engagement with the company and overall going forward. 
 
So while there may be challenges, we believe that it is more important to build the brand in a 
big way, and we are on the right track. However, from the learning in the market and the 
customer requirements, I think we will have more variants and multiple options for our 
customers. That is the way we look at it. 
Pramod Kumar: 
So on the 3-wheeler side, sir, domestic, how big that opportunity could be? Because you've done 
very well on the export side, taken market share meaningfully. So how big could be the 3-
wheeler domestic opportunity here sir? 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
It's a very important area. We will definitely focus this year to improve our presence in the 
domestic market with the new product launches in EV. So we will definitely focus on that. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Last question to Desikan sir. Sir, on the recent nonconvertible debenture. If you could just help 
us understand the thought process behind that because you do have a INR1,400 crores of debt 
on the balance sheet when you're committing to a large payout. So how should we as analysts 
look at this commitment? And what does it imply for your capex requirement investment going 
forward? And also on the cash flow implications. So if you can just help us understand the 
thought process there. 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Sure. Before getting into this specific question, let me just try to give you an overall picture. Last 
year, we have generated an operating free cash flow of around INR2,300 crores. And after 
meeting the capex and the investments, whatever we have done overseas, I have reduced my 
debt by INR1,000 crores. So that's the first important point that after considering the capex  after 
considering my investments, I have repaid, reduced my debt by INR1,000 crores. This is the 
first thing. 
 
Now coming to what we are talking about, this NCRPS nonconvertible redeemable  sorry, non-
convertible preference shares as a bonus shares. What we are contemplating is an issuance of 
around INR1,900 crores, which carries a coupon of 6% and this is subject to NCLT process 
where approvals will be obtained. And it is a bonus. We do have sufficient reserves, and this is 
payable after receipt of NCLT order 12 months after that. 
 
Therefore, this outflow is expected to happen 18 to 24 months from now, and we are very 
confident of generating cash flows, which will be met out of the free cash flow generated by the 
company. And this is a bonus to all the shareholders without exception. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, what is the implication on your capex and investments for FY '25? And also, if you can 
talk a bit more about your subsidiary performance ex of financing, basically Norton and the 
European operation as to how are they shaping up because we are losing money there. So what 
is the outlook going forward there for FY '25 sir? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Most important is to look at the Norton, which I highlighted. We are designing, developing and 
please understand in this financial year  last financial year, we have invested almost INR88 
crores on design and development, which is completely considered as an expense during Q4. 
 
So these investments, I'm very, very sure that we will have a series of products, which definitely 
is going to help Norton. It's a brilliant brand. And once we have the clear product pipeline, and 
I'm very sure that you will see this product hitting the market towards 2025-26 financial year. 
And kindly give us a few more quarters because very, very critical in the premium and super 
premium to have a good set of products. This is number one. 
 
And the other subsidiaries like European by companies, all of you know that Europe's economy 
continues to have many challenges, which is affecting all industries, including our SEMG and 
other companies. Okay. And the selling season has started, okay? And we are very sure that this 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
year, the losses will come down comparing the previous year. But these are investments for 
future. So we have to look at it in a comprehensive way. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, to sum it all, do you still expect to continue to improve your profitability with all these 
headwinds and tailwinds what you talked about going to FY 2025-26? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
You have seen our EBITDA journey from 8.2% to 11.3%. And you have seen our top line 
growing. You have seen our market share  market the overall volumes growing ahead of the 
industry. So definitely, this journey will continue. And the way we have continued to invest in 
our people, in software, in electronic, digital, analytics, I think these are all investments for the 
future. So we will continue to invest in the right areas, including the brand, yet grow our 
EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from BOA. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Just following up on earlier question itself. Can you share  guide what will be the capex and 
investment needs for fiscal '25, including Norton and the European bicycle business as well? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Capex will be around INR1,000 crores because it is including all our ICE and EV and all the 
new products. And our investment outflow will be slightly lesser than the last year, maybe 
around INR1,100 crores to INR1,200 crores, which includes TVS CS also, we will be investing 
slightly higher than what we said, we maybe investing about INR300 crores to INR400 crores 
because there are some latest changes in the capital adequacy ratio and norms prescribed by RBI, 
so  for unsecured lending, right, Desikan? 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Absolutely right. Because the recent circular where we need to have more capital requirement 
with regards to unsecured lending. So this has necessitated an additional investment of INR200 
crores to INR300 crores overall, not additional, overall investment this year, INR300 crores. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, is it possible to sort of  we know the performance of TVS Credit. And of 
course, it's doing very well, you pointed INR500 crores odd PBT. But is it possible to sort of 
also give us a breakup of how much is the loss in Norton, which I  which you said that there will 
be a product cycle, which hits in fiscal '26. So, I think that we are very comfortable with that, 
there will be a product coming through. So, in TVS Singapore, the loss does seem very big. But 
if you can split it with between Norton and the rest of the subs, it will help us gauge what is the 
impact of Norton, and which will reverse going ahead? 
K. Gopala Desikan: 
Norton is around INR80 crores for this quarter. And as explained earlier, all these have gone 
only for development-related expenditure, though for accounting compulsion, it is accounted as 
a loss. But otherwise, all the efforts, resources and money are spent only for the development-
related expenses, which is what KNR explained, in the 4 to 6 quarters, things will settle down 
with the product launches there. So that's how it is. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. And second question, sir, is on Apache. You did speak about 125cc Raider, and all have 
done really very well. But Apache seems to be losing a little bit in the premium segment. What 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
is the thought process there? Are we looking to sort of launch more variants in that segment as 
well or do some intervention? Any thoughts around that? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
One correction. Apache has done extremely well. Unfortunately, VAHAN doesn't give category-
wise split. But if you look at overall Apache has done extremely well. You would have seen our  
even in April last year also, we have done extremely well. Apache is very well-respected brand 
today. So we are happy, and you will definitely see  these are brands where definitely, you will 
see new variants, new products because one of the strengths of TVS is to constantly give us  you 
would have seen RTR, 310, so definitely, you will see the new products and new variants, okay? 
Closer to the launch only I can give you exactly split. But that's why I said 2024-25 will be an 
exciting year in terms of total EV and ICE launches. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, any comments on the rural on your moped portfolio because you did sound 
a bit more optimistic on the industry in your initial remarks. So are you picking up anything on 
the rural side or lower end bottom of the pyramid recovery? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Rural slowly and steadily changing. I'm able to see some recovery happening. I'm hoping that 
this year, even though we are all going through very, very high temperature, severe heat wave, 
I am expecting this year monsoon to be normal. I think that will definitely help the rural to move 
much faster. So 2024-25 we are hoping that you will see better recovery from rural unlike what 
we have seen in the last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. 
Kapil Singh: 
I just wanted your thoughts on EVs in terms of the operating environment and also profitability. 
On one side, we are seeing a drop in costs. At the other side, we are also seeing market pressures. 
So how is your profitability evolved through the year? Is it on an improving trend? Is it steady? 
If you could give some colour? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, what is most important is what I highlighted. TVS iQube is one of the preferred choices by 
the customer, and it is definitely  the customers are extremely happy, especially the owners are 
extremely happy. This is number one. Now we are also planning to come with variants 
depending upon the customer usage of multiple choices to the customer because there also 
customers have got different range requirements, battery capacity requirements. So this is also 
second. 
 
Third, we will also come back with the new products this year. And as I highlighted, we have 
started now exporting last year. I'm overall very confident that the top lines will systematically 
go up. Of course, there are headwinds in terms of unprecedented discounting, but we want to be 
very steady, and we will look at the customer. And we are looking at a very smooth transition 
of putting more products, looking at the customer segment and growing the market, okay? And 
I'm very sure that 2024-25, you will see more of that, and we will systematically and build it up. 
Kapil Singh: 
Is it profitable, sir? Or at this point, it is diluting the margins? 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
I told you; it is an investment. I don't look at it as a dilution at this point of time. Any investment, 
initially there will be challenges. But the good news is in contribution wise it is positive. When 
you invest behind you start looking at the new products and you start growing the top line. And 
also, we are investing in many of the technologies, which will be also the useful price. 
 
For example, whatever I spoke about the digital connectivity, many of these things are required 
from the customer, whether EV technology or ICE technology. So these are all investments, not 
only for EV in my opinion, this will also help our ICE portfolio. So overall, whatever we are 
investing in software or in electronics or digital or connectivity or any kind of such new 
technologies will be definitely useful to delight the customers in the overall portfolio of TVS. 
Kapil Singh: 
Understood. Sir, you are also observing the customer behaviour very closely. Just wanted your 
view like over the next, let's say, 5 years, do you see a point where ICE scooters as the market 
starts to decline, and it starts shifting to EVs? Or do you think even in 5 years, both EVs and 
ICE scooters will continue to grow. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
My first opinion is this 30% or 32% of the scooter category will further expand, okay? It will 
definitely go to 35% and maybe 40% in the period, what we are talking. So according to me, 
there's a great opportunity to both grow ICE as well as EV because customers will choose the 
technologies and depending upon their convenience and comfort, they will choose whichever 
technology. According to me, customers are not -- they are agnostic to the technology. They 
have usages. Depending upon the usages, some people will prefer the EV, some people will 
prefer the ICE. So we should be investing in both and making sure that we capture this 
opportunity on both EV and ICE. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, sir. If you could give just finally some data points on price increases taken in Q4 and Q1 
and also the direction on commodity price movement. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Q4, I don't think we have taken any price increases, just give me a minute. Yes, I don't think we 
have taken up any prices in Q4. We have taken some marginal price increases, I think, in the 
month of April. I think about 0.3%, something like that, we have taken up, because there are 
some increases in some of the commodities, not so high, but very, very mild. So we have taken 
about 0.3%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan N. L. from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Sir, the FY '25 expected to be a healthy growth year in domestic market. I wanted to get a little 
more sense on the rural side. How do you see the rural recovery to pan out? And how would that 
help the entry-level segment where you have products like the Star City is? Would you expect 
that segment on a low base to see a similar growth compared to industry? Or would you still feel 
that scooters and premium executive motorcycles will do better than the overall industry growth? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
First, I will answer about rural. Like I said, rural we are able to see some positive momentum. 
My assumption is this year, the monsoon is likely to be normal. That will help in more positive 
confidence in the rural market. Already, there are no closures. Now it is  the activity level are 
far, far higher. And rural is more self-employed if you look at it. And there, self-employment is 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
moving up now. And if you look at post-COVID, the customers were postponing the buy, I think 
they will come back. That is one key hypothesis this year. 
 
But please understand rural doesn't mean that only entry level. okay? Today, rural India, if you 
look at smartphones, you compare, so you can't say rural means entry level. There also, they are 
very aspirational, and they will look at products like Apache or Raider or Ntorq, I think they are 
very aspirational. 
 
There are set of customers who are budget customers. They are very clear. They look at the price 
tag and they will look at only that. And if it is more of entry level and people look at for self-
employed, then they use it for utility purpose. But please understand their young generation in 
the rural, they want only aspirational products. So it's not, according to me, appropriate to say 
that rural means entry level. okay? So this is my understanding of the customer segment in the 
rural. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
And roughly how big would be the rural portion? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Retail financing also making huge impact in the ability of these customers to look at a little bit 
higher price, better in terms of aspirational product even in the rural. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. And so that premiumization helped by retail financing, how would be the share of 
rural in your overall domestic sales? Broadly, would it be 45%, 50%? And also if you can share 
the financing ratio. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Financing ratio currently is around, just a minute, it's around 56%. RF penetration for TVS Motor 
is about 56%. This is organized. I think there will be some local financing also happening on top 
of it, which is depending upon the dealer and the local financing company. But 56% is a healthy 
number. And I think rural also similar in terms of financing. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it. And the share of TVS Credit? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
TVS Credit is about 40% in this. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. And rural share in your domestic sale, would that be in the range of 45%, 50%? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, around that. Because like I said, the rural  the composition of our premium product scooters, 
we are also seeing they are also moving well. And the infrastructure investment in the rural is 
also helping this. Today, the number of good roads what you see in the rural and the speed at 
which it is getting implemented is also improving. So that is also helping 2-wheelers. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it. And sir, like on the executive premium side, you have done very well. And one of the 
lucrative segments for the industry is cruises, Ronin is selling about 2,000, 2,500 units every 
month. So how do you see or how do you target improving position in cruises in terms of 
products, network, riding ecosystem? Would you bring more new products under the Ronin 
platform or Norton brand in FY 2024-25? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. May I request you to join the queue for your further questions. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Yes, that was my last question. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Ronin has started doing well, and we are very confident that it will grow further. These are 
opportunities for TVS because this is a space where we have just started, okay? And there is 
great opportunity in this category. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal Gupta from HSBC Asset Management, India. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Congrats on your consistent performance and improvement over the years. Sir, just on trying to 
understand on the EV side, right, like you mentioned that there is clearly a very aggressive price 
competition happening in this space and that has sort of dented your market share as well? 
Although, I think it's still a respectable performance, but just trying to understand if the 
environment was to persist like this, then how do you plan to address this? So will you be 
addressing this through a variance which narrow the price gap? Or what is going to be the 
strategy for TVS in terms of the EV 2-wheeler space? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Two things I wanted to highlight. If you look at our March and April, the FAME II went into 
the EMPS, and we were very clear. So we moderated our supplies into the market because we 
don't want any of our dealers to be under pressure. And post that, April, you have seen our 
dispatches and now the transition is almost done, and our market share almost every day, you 
will be seeing our market share going up, okay? This is number one. 
 
Number two, based on the customer understanding, we want to also offer at whatever I 
highlighted, multiple options with the different battery capacity, and that will also help the 
customers with appropriate range and price combination. That is  the second strategy. 
 
Third strategy is the new product. Fourth strategy, we are also going to step by step increase 
availability in India, overall India. And fourth and fifth strategy is going to be getting into many 
developed markets and developing markets. So it's a very systematic approach, how we are going 
to build it up. And we are investing behind technology, people, software, and many of the things 
are completely designed and developed by us. So we are pretty confident that this is the right 
way to build it up. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just on the capex and investment side because this has consistently been at fairly 
high level of around like INR1,000 crores for the last few years and again, investments in excess 
of INR1,000 crores. So could you give us some more sense, right, like how much of this capex 
is product development versus, like capacity enhancement versus some localization, just trying 
to get more sense on where the money is going, right? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, most of them are in the new product development. Because manufacturing, we did about 
4.2 million, and we have capacity up to 5 million. But in the case of  example, some of the EV, 
we have our battery management system, and we have the battery cell and battery management 
inside the company. So we have established lines there. So I would say that capacity 
enhancements related to the new product, maybe internally about 20%, remaining about 60%, 
70% maybe in the new product development. And, we are investing behind digital and 
technology. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
This is one area we are also focusing. So overall, if you ask me, more than 80% will be new 
products, digital, new technologies. Maybe about 15% will be on the manufacturing line because 
capacity is not the problem. But EV, there are investments on battery management systems,  
TVS motor, for example, we have battery line inside. So I'm giving you a broad estimate. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Right. And similarly, on the investment side, like you mentioned on the TVS Credit is going to 
be about INR300 crores and maybe INR300 crores, INR400 crores and is going into Norton as 
well given the current run rate of loss that we are seeing. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
Absolutely right. About INR400 crores in TVS CS, maybe INR400 crores of Norton and the 
other new projects, whatever we have started, they need some supplementing. So all put together 
about another INR400 crores. So you can say INR400 crores, something like that. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. And just lastly, like you've said that international expansion like you're looking like you 
launched TVS X in Europe. So like, is that going to be a calibrated thing? Or are we investing 
significantly for that as well in terms of the international and developed market expansion? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
At this point of time, we are starting with some of the new products, whatever we have, but more 
we get into those markets, we have to look at and understand that we are trying to get good 
distributors there and then try to leverage the existing products. But going forward, maybe we 
may have to look at some new products, but we can always leverage our products from India. 
We can look at the EV, we can also look at Norton. So the range and the kind of product what 
we can get from India, Indonesia and EV plus Norton. That is going to give us one of the best 
ranges and which we can look at going forward in the developed market. 
 
Can we take the last question, please? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, just some clarification on the new electric 2-wheeler launch. I just want to clarify that 
iQube is the existing product where you are launching new variants and there will be another 
EV platform for 2-wheelers. Is that understanding right, which will get launched this year? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, iQube I said, you will see more variants depending upon the customer need or range, okay, 
that  you will see immediately. But the new products, what I highlighted is on both , that will be 
in EV and ICE. That will be during the financial year. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Okay. So we're talking about 2 different products, yes, that's good. And sir, on CNG, any 
thoughts, sir, on the 2-wheeler side because there is increasing CNG distribution, which has been 
focused by the government. And do you see opportunity for CNG as a fuel on 2-wheelers? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think we have to closely look at  these are all opportunities, multi-fuel, EV is one such option. 
CNG is another option. Already we have presented CNG 3-wheeler, okay? And flex fuel is 
another option. So we have to look at multiple options, okay? Once we are very firmed up, then 
I can share with you more details about which are the products and how we are looking at. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Pramod Kumar: 
So  okay. Just to understand, just to confirm it, you have the capability on the R&D side, but you 
will act on it based on how you see the customer response. Is that understanding right? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
The strength of TVS is strong R&D. You have seen the strength of R&D and you have seen the 
kind of product design and development capabilities. And the way we have launched the 
products and how they are successful, that is the capability of TVS. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. One question on the Raider side, sir, because you've talked about increasing aspiration of 
rural customers. Is there a data available with you for the 40-odd-thousand Raider what you sell? 
How many of them are first-time buyers of motorcycles  or first-time buyers of a 2-wheeler as a 
customer? 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
My experience shows that their biggest challenge is the budget customers, they look at only the 
price tag. But there are enough proportion of customers I'm seeing more and more they look at 
the premium products. And the retail financing is one of the enablers which is helping them to 
look at definitely, for example, Jupiter 125, Ntorq and maybe entry level Apache 160 2V, that 
kind of product, okay? They may not look at initially, but they are able to look at products like 
Raider definitely. So that transition is happening in India. 
Pramod Kumar: 
The transition is happening. So the comeback in the first-time buyer may not necessarily be only 
in 100cc commuter motorcycle. As and when the rural markets revive and demand comes back, 
you could see that coming even on the 125cc product category also, right? Like what we've seen 
in... 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
The best analogy I have seen is smartphone. So  India, it is aspirational, even rural is also 
aspirational. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And sir, last one request, like some of your peers also call out the losses in the EV side separately 
because it's an industry which is not going to be turning profitable any time soon. So sparing 
that out gives us a better visibility in your underlying ICE margins where you've already 
expected reasonably. But  and given the fact that this quarter, you had elevated EV sales and 
higher discounts also towards March. If you can just help us understand, has ICE margins moved 
to the 12% to 13% corridor as we speak because you do have reasonably high EV exposure. 
K. N. Radhakrishnan: 
We look at EV as an investment. And totally, we have improved quarter after quarter our 
EBITDA last year. Our objective is to delight the customer. That is why you have seen the J.D. 
Power results. And quarter after quarter, you have seen with right investment behind product, 
brand, people, capability, technology, we are able to deliver consistently our EBITDA. So that 
is the way we look at it. Okay? 
 
I would like to thank all of you. I think I wanted to highlight that 2023-24, thanks to all the 
customers. We have got the highest revenue of INR31,776 crores and highest profit of INR2,781 
crores. Our quarterly operating revenue grew by 24% and with our unwavering focus on 
consumers, quality, we are confident of continuing this growing ahead of the industry. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
We will continue to leverage scale benefits and focus premiumization and sustained material 
cost reduction, which will enable us to improve our EBITDA. Yet, we will invest in the right 
technology and people and products. We are very happy that we are continuously improving our 
EBITDA over the last 3 years. And thank you, everyone, for your confidence as we continue to 
deliver consistent performance, top line and in EBITDA. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
