oI
srirdiiBqr
olt tltDtA
3tr{rd
oil €Eer frfrb
India Limited
fiRd {fiFrg d s{#d
tr6 argrrd dM
A Maharatna CPSE under
Government of lndia
FrarBrd orqfffiT /Corporate Office
3f{d Erug/otl House,
da ;i. / Ptot N0.19,*w*/Sector -'16A,
*r'srl ttoida-201 301 (s.s.) (U.p.)
qta/Phone: +91 -1 20-24 1 9000
d-*a/E-mait: oilindia@oilindia. in
Ref. No. OIL/SEC/32-33AJSE-BSE
Dated: 31.05.2024
Sub: Investors' and Analysts' Meet - 2024 lTranscriptl
Ref: Reeulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Reeulations.20l5
Sir/Madam.
We write further to our letters of even no. dated 21.05.2024 &28.05.2024 regardins Investors'
and Analysts' Meet -2024 and inform that the Transcript of the said Meet [dated 28-05.2024)
has been uploaded on our website as detailed hereunder:
www.oil-india.com Q Investors t+ 
lnvestor Services x[ Analysts / Investors Meet
Weblink:-
india.
Investors
28Mav2
024.pdf
This is for your information & records please.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully.
For Oil India Limited
(A.K.Sahoo)
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer
Encl.: As above
t#{dolqf-dqgPdmfla,E{Jra.,3i-sfl, 
/Regd. Offce Duliajan, Pin - 786602, Dibrugarh, Assam, Tet.: +913742g0451 o, +913742g00421
National Stock Exchange of India Limited I nSB Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
I Department of corporate Service
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
I Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
I Oatat Street
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
| Mumbai - 400 001
NSE Symbol: OIL 
I nSn Securiry Code: 533'106
https://www.oil-
Web: www.oll-lndia.com I CIN - Ll1101AS1959cOt001148
AJAYA 
KUMAR 
SAHOO
Digitally signed 
by AJAYA 
KUMAR SAHOO 
Date: 2024.05.31 
16:58:13 +05'30'

1 
 
Annual Investors and Analysts Meet 2024 of Oil India Limited 
 Presenter: 
 Hello. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Now I request everybody outside to 
kindly come inside the hall and take their seat because we are going to commence 
the meeting very soon. First of all, I request Chairman and Managing Director, Oil 
India Limited and other board members to kindly come onto the dais and take their 
seat. I also request MD, NRL and Director Finance, NRL to kindly come onto the dais. 
I also request Mr. Swarnendu Bhushan - Head of Institutional Research, Prabhudas 
Lilladher to kindly come onto the dais and take his seat. Thank you, sir.  
 Ladies and gentlemen, the distinguished analysts and investors’ fraternity, the 
members of the Board of Directors of Oil India Limited and NRL and other senior 
officials of OIL, and my dear colleagues, a very good afternoon and a warm welcome 
to this much awaited Annual Investors and Analysts Meet 2024 of Oil India Limited. I 
would like to extend our heartfelt thanks to each one of you for joining us today. It is 
indeed an immense pleasure for us, as we gather here, to discuss our company's 
performance, progress, achievements, and future endeavours with you. Your 
overwhelming presence here reflects your commitment to our shared vision and the 
trust you have placed in our company.  
 At the outset, I would like to mention that today we have with us the members of 
the Board of Directors of the company, led by our Chairman and Managing Director- 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, the Managing Director and Director of Finance of our material 
subsidiary, Numaligarh Refinery Limited, our Resident Chief Executive and other 
senior executives of Oil India Limited. I would like to convey our sincere thanks to 
M/s Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited for coordinating today's event for all. 
 Dear friends, being investors and analysts, you have been an integral part of our 
success story. Your unwavering support, financial backing and guidance have helped 
us not only to sustain and grow, but also to create values for our stakeholders. It is 
needless to mention that together we have overcome challenges, we have embraced 
opportunities and consistently strived for excellence. During today's interaction, we 
will provide you with a comprehensive update on our operating and financial 
performance, the key business initiatives, our strategic partnership across the energy 
value chain, the initiatives being taken by the company towards our commitment to 
environmental sustainability and our corporate social responsibility initiatives. We 
firmly believe that businesses have a responsibility not only to generate profit, but 
also to contribute positively to the society as well as the environment. This Investor 
Meet serves as an invaluable platform for us to engage in meaningful dialogue, 
exchange ideas and address any concerns or queries that you may have. We will be 
extremely delighted to take your thoughts, feedback, insights and perspectives as 
they contribute to our continuous improvement and long term success. Once again, I 
express our deepest gratitude for your presence and continued support.  
 With this, now I request Mr. Swarnendu Bhushan – Head of Institutional Research, 
Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, for his welcome add to the audience. Over to 
you, sir.  

2 
 
 Mr. Swarnendu Bhushan - Co-Head of Research, Institutional Research, Prabhudas 
Lilladher Private Limited: 
 Thank you, sir. Dear Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the Annual Investors and 
Analysts Meet of Oil India. My name is Swarnendu. I’m  Co-Head of Research with PL 
Capital. From the management, we have with us: 
 Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India.  
 Mr. Harish Madhav - Director, Finance.  
 Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goswami - Director, Operations.  
 Dr. Manas Kumar Sharma - Director, Exploration and Development.  
 Mr. Ashok Das - Director, HR.  
 Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan - Managing Director, NRL.  
 Mr. Sanjay Choudhuri - Director, Finance, NRL.  
 On behalf of the management, we once again welcome all the participants to this 
Annual Investors Meet. I would now like to invite Dr. Rath to make the opening 
remarks. This would be followed up with the presentation and then the Q&A. Over 
to you, sir.  
 Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
 Good afternoon. It is very, very heartening to see that the hall is full. And believe me, 
I am indebted with your display of solidarity with Oil India Limited. Last time also we 
had a good interaction and in this edition of Investor Meet, we would also look 
forward to… Before I formally welcome all of you, once again, thank you very much 
on behalf of Oil India Limited, from the entire board of Oil India Limited, for 
expressing solidarity, finding it convenient to attend and accede to our request to 
join us to share your thoughts, to share your insights, to offer your feedback. But 
before that, let me take this opportunity to narrate what has been the year that has 
been passed by for Oil India Limited, your beloved company. I welcome all the 
analysts and investors to this meet, and thank all of you for being here for a 
discussion with the management of the company.  
 While most of you are fully aware about our company, our areas of operation, the 
policy environment concerning the upstream oil sector in the country, adding to 
what you already know, it would help us in communicating the message about the 
company's recent achievements, our growth story and future plan. While we have a 
detailed presentation on company's ongoing activities and plans, let me briefly touch 
upon the current operations, future prospects of your company.  
 Presently, we are operating out of 58 exploration and production blocks, that is, 
primarily exploration acreages, including 26 nomination blocks in which the PML is 
available where we are having our production, 3 discovered small field blocks spread 
in different geographies pan India. We also have presence in 10 projects in 7 
countries including Russia, Mozambique, etc., as part of our oil equity initiative.  

3 
 
 We also would like to share, as you are aware, NRL has been a material subsidiary of 
Oil India Limited which is operating a 3 million metric ton per annum refinery. And I 
must share with you, the refinery is also carrying out a capacity expansion program 
for taking the refinery to 9 million metric ton per annum, with additional 
infrastructure, including a cross country pipeline from Paradip to Numaligarh. We 
have been able to manage, and I must share this with great humility and our efforts 
towards managing mature oil fields, the natural decline in our old and mature fields 
through highly successful implementation of improved oil recovery and enhanced oil 
recovery techniques, and improve our combined oil and gas production to the 
highest ever (and I am repeating this for your benefit), to the highest ever 
production to 6.54 million metric ton oil equivalent during the last financial year that 
is FY23-24.  
 Numaligarh refinery has also been performing well with excellence in all operating 
parameters. In FY22-23 the refinery operated at more than 100 percent capacity, but 
in the last financial year the refinery witnessed an annual maintenance campaign 
followed by a minor fire incident. However, the refinery, despite not being able to 
run during the Quarter 1, recaptured the growth story in Quarter 4, while we could 
compensate, out of 3 months, 1 month, despite all those impediments.  
 Oil India also reported highest ever EBITDA during financial year 23-24; 4.18% higher 
than the last financial year. The company also reported highest ever quarterly PAT in 
the Q4 of over Rs. 2,000 crore, and NRL refinery reported a GRM of USD 13.17 dollar 
per barrel. At a group level the company witnessed a turnover of Rs. 36,304 crore.  
 The company has declared a final dividend of Rs. 3.75 per share and it is pre-bonus. 
As all of you know the board has already approved, and we are in the process of 
getting the formal approval for the bonus issue for the financial year 23-24. And with 
this, the total dividend for FY23-24 is Rs.15.75 per share.  
 We are focusing aggressively on our exploration and development activities aligned 
to the import substitution and Atmanirbhar Bharat in terms of energy sufficiency. In 
the 27 blocks acquired under open acreage licensing policy bidding rounds, we have 
expedited our exploration activities and production activities as well. The company 
has completed all the committed seismic acquisition in 24 exploration acreages, and 
are proceeding with further explorations. We have drilled 61 exploratory and 
development well last year, which is also the highest ever since inception of the 
company.  
 Now I must share with you some very, very excellent news. As you all are aware, 
during the last financial year in August 2023, Oil India was accorded the highest ever 
crown called Maharatna status in terms of CPSE's. That is basis our strong 
performance over the past years, and there are several such other criteria which we 
met. And the Government of India was gracious enough in according this status. 
And, as we have been given that status, we continue to play a pivotal role in securing 
the nation's energy needs.  
 Considering the evolving energy landscape with a strong focus on cleaner and 
sustainable energy sources, OIL has recently also adopted the vision and strategy 
2040 in collaboration with internationally acclaimed consultants. We aim to 

4 
 
transform the company into an integrated energy player having NRL as the 
downstream part of Oil India Limited at the group level. And that gives us the entire 
spectrum or value chain of oil and gas, so from E&P to downstream, including a 
portfolio having alternate energy.  
 OIL's vision to become an integrated energy player is backed by aggressive growth 
plans aiming to double its revenue by 2040. The growth plans are underpinned by 
substantial Capex investments, spanning exploration, production, downstream and 
alternative energy ventures.  
 In line with our commitment to become a net-zero, we have also carved out a 
strategy to ensure our net zero by 2040, and that would also call for additional 
Capex.  
 Our ambitious revenue targets are backed by significant operational milestones. We 
will focus on enhancing our exploration coverage, maximize our production and 
expanding our gas portfolio, which is going to be the, or rather is, the bridge fuel for 
the energy transition. 
 Simultaneously, we are also aiming to become a key market player in the alternate 
energy sector covering biofuels, green hydrogen, renewable energy, compressed 
biogas etc. And for which we have already taken a decision of creating a subsidiary 
called Oil India Green Energy Subsidiary, which is in the approval stage.  
 In the downstream sector, we are also enhancing our portfolio primarily focused on 
gas infrastructure. We are committed to deliver a sustainable growth and generating 
long term value. In the process we will endeavour to invest in our people, technology 
and infrastructure to maintain our competitive edge and seize new opportunities.  
 With this, I would request my colleague to take forward today's presentation and 
discussion but again thank you very much. 
 Presenter: 
 Thank you CMD sir for your valuable insights on the company. Now I request my 
colleague Mr. Debojeet Hazarika to kindly come for a presentation to the audience.  
 Mr. Debojeet Hazarika – GM Finance, Oil India Limited: 
 Friends from the investors and analyst community, dignitaries in the dias, my senior 
colleagues from Oil India Limited, ladies and gentlemen, a very warm good afternoon 
to you all, and I would like to welcome you all and also thank our friends for sparing 
their time and spending this evening with us. It really is a big boosting to the OIL 
team to see your keen interest in our organization.  
 Friends, financial year 23-24 will be a milestone year for us, as CMD sir was 
highlighting in his opening remarks. We got the elevated Maharatna, prestigious 
Maharatna category, and it really gives us immense confidence and also increases 
our commitment to continuously grow further, work harder and add value to all the 
stakeholders. We really take pride in this stride and we will move forward with equal 
zeal.  

5 
 
 Year 23-24 has also been a tremendous year for us from the performance, operating 
performance as well as from financial performance. We got the highest EBITDA of 
11,643 crores in the financial year 23-24. We got oil and oil equivalent production of 
6.54 MMTOE, which is highest for the year. There has been an increase in crude oil 
production to the tune of around 6% from 3.176 MMT last year to 3.359 MMT in the 
current year. With this positive note, I am starting my presentation.  
 In today's presentation I am covering an overview of the company, OIL's strategic 
strengths, its assets’ overview, operational and financial performance of Oil India, 
performance of our material subsidiary Numaligarh Refinery, the group's growth 
plans, as well as, some key highlights on the ESG space.  
 OIL's journey started in the year 1889 where oil was found for the first time in India. 
There were prolific discoveries in 1953, during the period 1950-1956, and Oil India 
Limited was incorporated in 1959 as a private limited to manage these oil 
discoveries. Going forward in 1981, Oil India Limited was nationalized. OIL went for 
its initial public offer in 2009, which was a resounding success, and we got due to our 
consistent performance, the elevated Navratna status in 2010. We ventured into the 
international acquisition space during the period 2013-14, and also as a 
diversification strategy, to the renewable space in 2012-13. Our International credit 
rating in 2013 we got from Moody's and Fitch, and we raised a 1 billion, the first 
offshore foreign currency borrowing, and acquired an asset in Mozambique, which is 
one of the major assets OIL has bought overseas.  
 Going forward in 2016 with investment of another 1 billion, we acquired two prolific 
assets in Russia, TAAS and Vankor. On the diversification strategy we ventured into 
the CGD space in 2018, and currently the organization is having presence in 9 GAs. In 
our strife for being a wholly integrated oil and gas company, we acquired stake of 
69.63% in Numaligarh Refinery in 2021. With this, the organization has become a 
truly integrated organization with its presence in the entire value chain of oil and 
gas.  
 On the green part, we were the pilot in creating a pilot plant of hydrogen in our 
setup in Jorhat pipeline, and lot of initiatives are going on for diversification to move 
forward in the renewable space. And in 2023 we were awarded the Maharatna 
status.  
 A view of our management team. The team is led by Dr. Ranjit Rath, our Chairman 
and Managing Director, an alumni of IIT-Mumbai and IIT-Kharagpur. Sir has a rich 
portfolio of diverse roles starting from his experience in strategy formulation, 
business development, upstream asset management, application of geosciences and 
exploration geology, including a critical role in development of strategic reserves by 
the Government of India.  
 Our board comprises of Shri. Harish Madhav - Director of Finance, Pankaj Goswami - 
Director of Operations, Dr. Manoj Kumar Sharma - Director of Exploration and 
Development, Shri. Ashok Das - Director of Human Resource, all with more than 3 
decades of experience in the oil and gas industry. We have currently two 
government nominee directors in the board, Shri. Rohit Mathur - Joint Secretary, 
MoP&NG and Shri. George Thomas – Deputy Secretary, MoP&NG, IFS of 2015 cadre. 

6 
 
Both are bringing in rich experience and values to the functioning of oil board. We 
have two independent directors presently, Ms. Pooja Suri and Mr. Raju Revanakar. 
Both are from diverse fields and add values in the decision-making process of OIL's 
board.  
 A glimpse of OIL's value creation in terms of the share price. We tried to plot OIL's 
share value vis-a-vis the NIFTY Oil & Gas Index, NIFTY 50 and S&P Global Oil Index. It 
may be an interesting slide to the investor friends. If we look into the period of 
January ‘22 to the current period, against the performance of the other benchmark 
index, OIL's share has outperformed by almost three times. Our share price, the 52 
weeks latest share price high was 675.50 and with a market capitalisation of over 
71,000 crores. As we were mentioning in our initial part, the significant milestones 
which contributed, we believe, towards this excellent performance of the share 
price, is our elevation of Maharatna status in August 2023, the company receiving 
highest production of oil and gas. We have drilled the highest number of wells, 61 
wells, with no significant increase in fleet size in the year 2023-2024. For the first 
time, OIL participated in a global partner vendor road show at Abu Dhabi to 
showcase its future strategy, its presence, its size, as well as its hunger for the oil and 
gas and the way that we would like to improve and grow. It makes a lot of sense for 
the oil industry and for Oil India, as such, to make a showcase in a global forum.  
 As a contribution towards the green energy portfolio, Oil India has committed a 
25,000 crore extensive Capex plan towards alternative energy, which will be aligned 
with our vision of achieving net-zero by 2040.  
 A glimpse of the shareholding structure. Government of India is holding 56.66% 
shares in OIL, LIC 7.61%, three of the oil majors are having around 10% of the stake.  
 We have got international credit ratings from Moody's and Fitch, which is best 
investment grade credit rating, aligned with the sovereign rating, and also on the 
domestic front from CRISIL and CareEdge, we have the highest rating of AAA stable.  
 Few key performance highlights for financial year 2024. Oil India achieved highest 
ever EBITDA of 11,643 in financial year 2023-2024, an increase of 4.18% since last 
year. The profit after tax for the year was Rs. 5,552, with a highest ever PAT in Q4 
FY24 of Rs. 2,000 crores plus. The profit was marginally affected because of the 
lower price realisation and also due to some arrear tax provision to the tune of 
around Rs. 3,000 crores.  
 We have declared interim dividend of Rs.12 per share, and a final dividend the board 
has recommended in the last board meeting of Rs. 3.75. So, total Rs. 15.75 per share 
dividend the company has declared in financial year 2023-2024.  
 We have achieved highest ever combined oil and oil equivalent production of 6.54 
MMTOE. Our crude oil production has increased by almost 6%, 3.359 MMT for the 
year 2023-2024, and natural gas production also was marginally higher, 3.182 BCM, 
and in Q4 we have received an increase of 3.21% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The 
natural gas production was slightly impacted because of some offtake issues in the 
first quarter of the year, but which was compensated in the subsequent period. And 
finally, the position was almost in line with last year's natural gas production. 

7 
 
 The company's strategic strength… on the upstream part we have got 63 E&P blocks 
with almost around 64,000 sq. km. of acreage. To handle the E&P requirements, we 
have got crude installations of around 48 major installations and around 29 natural 
gas installations. We have got international presence as on date in 10 projects in 7 
countries, and with a mixed profile of 4 exploration blocks, 2 development blocks 
and 4 production blocks.  
 In the transportation vertical, Oil India Ltd has crude oil pipeline of around 1,157 km 
with a capacity of around 6 million metric ton. Another the crude oil pipeline of 
Numaligarh Refinery, the group is constructing. It is around 1,640 km pipeline from 
Paradip to Assam, to cater to the extended capacity for Numaligarh Refinery. On the 
product pipeline front, we have got 660 km pipeline mainly used currently to 
evacuate the products of Numaligarh Refinery. The current capacity is 1.72 million 
metric ton, and this is currently under capacity expansion, and the target is to 
increase it to 5.5 MMTPA.  
 On the natural gas transportation, we have 49% stake in DNPL, which is having a 192 
km pipeline connecting from Duliajan, our main producing area, to Numaligarh 
Refinery, and it is also currently having a project to extend further and increase the 
existing capacity, so that it matches the increased requirement of Numaligarh 
Refinery.  
 We have got 40% stake as a group in IGGL which is catering to the connectivity of the 
grids of the capital of all the north east states to the main grid of the country. So this 
is a major development that is going on in line with the gas hydrocarbon vision of 
Government of India. 
 On the downstream part, we have stake of almost 69.63% in Numaligarh Refinery 
and additional 5% stake in Indian Oil.  
- On the Petrochemical side, we have got 48.79% stake in Assam Petrochemicals 
Limited, 20% stake in BCPL and another 360 KTPA Polypropylene project is under 
project mode in Numaligarh Refinery. 
 
- In the City Gas Distribution, we have got presence in nine geographical areas. We 
have slides further coming up, upcoming slides, to explain our presence in these 
different sectors. 
 
- On the Renewable front, we have got 188 Megawatt of capacity in Rajasthan, 
Gujarat and Madya Pradesh and also as a pilot plant we have established a Green 
Hydrogen plant of 100 Kilowatt in Assam. 
 
- We have a strong E&P capabilities inhouse with assets for all the E&P operations and 
to support that we have got strong infrastructure to support the E&P activities of the 
company. 
 
- As a significant player across the Oil & Gas value chain, as we have been explaining 
our presence in the refining and marketing segment. With NRL we are having 69.63% 
stake. The refinery is currently in the capacity of 3 Million Metric Ton and is in an 

8 
 
expansion mode to increase it to 9 Million Metric Ton with an integrated pipeline of 
1640 kilometers. The project cost is around 28,000 crores. 
 
- Towards our green initiative Numaligarh Refinery has also almost in the stage of 
completing a 2G Ethanol via a JV with ABRPL. The project cost is ₹4200 crores and 
refinery is also doing a Polypropylene plant with a project cost of ₹7200 crores. We 
have got 20% stake in Petrochemical Complex in BCPL in Dibrugarh and 48.79% stake 
in Assam Petrochemicals Limited, which is a 600 TPD Methanol and 200 TPD 
Formaldehyde Project. On the Gas Transportation and CGD Space, we have got 40% 
stake in IGGL, 49% stake in DNPL, 50% stake in HP Oil, 26% stake in PBGPL, another 
49% stake in any NEGDCL and 50% stake in Oil-BPCL JV. Through HP Oil, PBGPL, 
NEGDCL and Oil-BPCL JV, we have got presence in nine GAs in the CGD space with 
presence in the state of Maharashtra, Haryana, Nagaland, Assam, Tripura and 
Arunachal Pradesh. 
 
- An overview of OIL’s acreage and assets. So, we have got a PAN India presence with 
large presence in the Northeastern side with a total operated block of 58; an acreage 
of 58,000 square kilometer and additional 5 non-operated blocks with acreage of 
around 5400 square kilometer. Out of the OALP 27 blocks, we'd like to stress that 
almost 70% of the blocks, around 19 blocks, are in the Category-1 having established 
hydrocarbon. 
 
- Our overseas presence, we have got presence in 7 countries and in 10 projects with 
an investment of almost 3 billion USD and with a committed investment of around 4 
billion. It is a mixed profile of Exploratory assets, Development assets and Producing 
assets. Few of our major overseas investments. We have invested in Tass Yuryakh, 
Russia and Vankorneft in Russia with an overall investment of around 1 billion. For 
Taas Yuryakh, the investment was 436 million against which we have already 
received dividend of around 395 million; almost 90% dividend we have received, 
investment we have received back. And for Vankorneft, the investment was 598 
million and the cumulative dividend is around 444 million. So, almost 80% plus of our 
investment in these two assets we have already recovered in the form of dividend. 
Another prolific investment is Mozambique with a resource of around 65 TCF of 
recoverable resources. Oil has so far invested 1.5 billion in Mozambique project. The 
project has already tied up with funding with a secured debt drawdown commitment 
of USD 15.4 billion. Currently due to law and order situation, the project is under 
Force Majeure but with the recent positive developments in Mozambique, we are 
hopeful that the project will restart somewhere in the later part of ‘2024. 
 
- A glimpse of the operating and financial performance of the company. We have 
received the highest ever production in ‘23-‘24. 6.54 MMToE, a consistent 
performance in terms of crude oil production as well as in terms of gas production. 
For ‘23-‘24, the crude production was 3.36 MMToE and natural gas production was 
3.18 MMToE. Oil has been a driver of exploration activities in the country. There has 
been almost 40 times increase in 2D seismic surveys. If we see the horizon of last 10 
years, in ‘2013-14, there was a cumulative 2D seismic survey quantity of around 500 
line kilometer which has increased to almost 21,000 line kilometers in ’23-‘24. 
Similarly, in terms of 3D seismic, the growth/the increase is around 10 times from 

9 
 
around 750 square kilometer to around 7500 square kilometers in ’23-‘24. Similarly, 
on the drilling part as well, the growth is almost 13 times if we look into the numbers 
from ‘2013-‘14 to ‘2023-‘24. These initiatives on the exploration front as well as on 
the drilling front has resulted in increase in resource for the company. As on 31st 
March, 2024 our 2P reserve stands at 496 million barrel oil equivalent of crude oil 
and 876 million barrel oil equivalent of natural gas. 
 
- If we look into the operating acreage increase in last five years, it is almost 6 times 
increase from FY17-18 to FY23-24. And with a large number of acreage, we have 
bided in the OALP regimes. 
 
- Our Reserves base. All India's domestic 1P resource is 563 MMBOE of natural gas and 
214 MMBOE of crude oil. And 2P, 876 MMBOE of natural gas and 496 MMBOE of 
crude oil. In terms of production, this tends to, for 1P it stands to around 9 years of 
production for crude oil and for gas around 25 years. And in terms of 2P, for crude oil 
it is 22 years plus and for gas it is almost 40 years. 
 
- The company has been able to maintain a sustained operating and financial 
performance. At the group level, our consolidated income for FY23-24 is ₹37,646 
crores and Profit After Tax is ₹6,980 crores. Consolidated Net Worth is ₹44,436 
crores and consolidated Earnings Per Share is ₹58.42 crores. On the production 
front, as we have already explained in the slides, crude production there has been 
steady increase, natural gas also we have been able to maintain. On the NRL crude 
throughput, definitely due to the first quarter shutdown and some minor fire 
accident there has been a slight dip in the crude throughput for the refinery. 
 
- On a standalone basis, OIL realized a healthy price of $83 per barrel in FY23-24. Our 
price is benchmarked to international crude price and net of statutory levies we have 
realized almost $50 per barrel. For natural gas, as per the new pricing policy we have 
realized 6.5 mmbtu per U.S. dollar. And in the next year going forward there will be 
an increase of 0.25 USD per mmbtu year-on-year. 
 
- Our financial performance, standalone financial performance. Revenue for the FY23-
24 is ₹24,514 crores, EBITDA is ₹11,643 crores and EBITDA margin is 48%. Profit After 
Tax is ₹5,552 crores and Earnings Per Share is ₹51.20. Our standalone Net worth as 
on 31st March, 2024 is ₹35,449 crores, book value per share is ₹406.88. We have 
declared a dividend of ₹1,708 crores in FY23-24 with a dividend payout ratio of 31%. 
 
- Oil India have a healthy leverage with its standalone depth standing at ₹11,341 
crores and a Debt/Equity Ratio of 25.7%. At the consolidated level, the debt is 
₹23,640 crores with annualized debt in the range of around 8,000. And for Oil India 
International Pte. Limited, our subsidiary in Singapore, there is a 500 million loan 
outstanding. So, it stands to around 4,300 crores. At the consolidated level, our 
Debt/Equity ratio stands at 45%. 
 
- Contribution to exchequer. OIL has contributed to the Central Exchequer corporate 
tax amounting to ₹2,154 crores, ₹3,862 crores of Cess and SAED and dividend and 
others ₹1,191 crores in the FY23-24. Our contribution to the State Exchequer - 

10 
 
Royalty ₹2,924 crores we have paid in FY23-24 and VAT and other state levies ₹1,288 
crores. 
 
- We are trying to show the value growth per share in terms of market price and 
dividend in this slide. Friends, if you see, the per value share of Oil in ‘2009 during 
the IPO was around ₹1050. If we add the cumulative dividend that we have paid over 
the years and considering the bonus issues made by the company, the per value 
share as on date stands at around ₹4000 plus. So, this gives a value enhancement of 
more than four times to the shareholders. And this has been possible through 
consistent dividend payment year on year. We have so far made four bonus issues 
FY11-12, FY16-17, FY17-18 and in the current year also the Board has recommended 
a bonus issue of 1 share for every 2 shares held. We have twice done buyback of 
shares in FY2016-17 and in FY2018-19. 
 
- Performance glimpse of our material subsidiary Numaligarh Refinery. Numaligarh 
Refinery is a 3 million metric tonne refinery operating in the state of Assam with 
OIL's equity holding of 69.63%. It's a modern refinery within Nelson Complexity index 
of 9.2 with very high distillate yields and high GRMs. It deals in products of MS, HSD, 
SKO, LPG, ATF, Naptha, Wax, Sulphur, CPC, RPC, etc. Numaligarh Refinery has 
commissioned a product pipeline of 130 kilometre from India to Bangladesh, which 
gives additional space to the refinery to evacuate its products in the Bangladesh 
market as well. 
 
- On the infrastructure side, the refinery is having product terminals at Numaligarh 
and Siliguri and the OIL group has a pipeline capacity through which the products are 
evacuated from the refinery. It is having the highest domestic rating of AAA from 
CRISIL. The refineries are having few major expansion plans. It is increasing its 
capacity from 3 Million Metric Ton to 9 Million Metric Ton And also there is an 
integrated pipeline of 1600 kilometers from Paradeep to Numaligarh crude pipeline 
and with a project cost of around ₹28,000 crores. The refinery is also almost in the 
stage of completing a Biorefinery for 2G Ethanol production and it is taking up a 
project of Polypropylene with 360 KTPA design capacity in Numaligarh with a project 
cost of around ₹7000 crores. 
 
- A glimpse of a few financials and performance of the refinery. The Crude Throughput 
for FY23-24 was 2,510 thousand Metric ton with a Distillate yield of 86.54%. Income 
from operation is ₹23,730 crores with an EBITDA of ₹3,396 crores. Profit After Tax 
₹2,160 crores and Gross Refinery Margin 13.17 dollar per barrel. 
 
- OIL’s growth plan. Friends, we have the strategy of growing in the different streams 
in the Oil & Gas value chain as well as on the alternate energy space. 
 
 In the upstream side, Oil is carrying out a Mission 4+ which aims to achieve 4 
million of crude oil and 5 BCM of gas. Also, we have got an aggressive acreage 
under the OALP regimes. And with our exploration initiatives as well as with 
newer faster technology evolution, we are very hopeful of expanding our 
presence PAN India. And also, OIL has the intention of continuing its overseas 
acquisitions by increasing its Oil equity through assets acquisition. And keeping in 

11 
 
line with the vision of Government of India, the company is giving strong thrust 
on its gas resources as well as gas transportation and development. 
 
 In the midstream, through our presence in the IGGL segment, we have been 
trying to develop the gas connectivity which will definitely give an impetus to the 
gas production of the company as we will be linked to the main grid of the 
country through this IGGL and DNPL expansion projects. We are also upgrading 
our crude oil as well as product pipeline to sync with the increased capacity of 
Numaligarh Refinery. When the refinery will go for commissioning towards the 
end of ‘2025 from current capacity of 3 million metric ton to 9 million metric ton. 
 
 Again on the downstream side, Numaligarh Refinery is trying to achieve its major 
Capex targets. And also through our presence in the CGD space, we are 
expanding in the diversification process and also we have got strong presence in 
the PETCHEM portfolios. 
 
 On the alternate energy space, we are looking for the options in Green 
Hydrogen. We are already trying to build up CBG plans and also the Bio Ethanol 
plant through Numaligarh Refinery. We have got a focused approach towards 
CCUS and Coal Gasification and also we are intending to participate in the field of 
EV evolution for the Indian mobility.  
 
- For the Mission 4+ targets, Oil India has been a pioneer in taking out IOR and EOR 
initiatives. Few of the initiatives that the organization has taken are like Low Sanity 
Water Injection, Polymer Flooding, Hydro-fac initiatives, CSS for heavy oil field in 
Rajasthan. We are in the lookout for collaboration with international oil companies 
which will increase and help our production initiatives. We have identified five fields 
under this Mission 4+ with a target of 78 wells. Out of the 78 wells, we have already 
completed drilling 48 wells. The drilling target for FY24-25 is a very aggressive plan of 
78 numbers and for FY25-26 it is 81 numbers of wells. 
 
- Our Capex for FY23-24 is ₹5,900 crores and in the current year FY24-25 we have a 
Capex target of ₹6,900 crores. Almost 70% of the Capex is being allocated to E&P 
side of the business. 
 
- With its strong liquidity, a healthy leverage ratio and sound debt servicing capacity, 
OIL is well positioned for the planned investments in the upcoming years. Our strong 
EBITDA and cashflow with a healthy operating cashflow of almost ₹10,000 crores 
plus in the consolidated Balance Sheet and also with a very competitive cost 
structure and with a Debt/Equity ratio of standalone 26% and consolidated 45%, we 
have got leverage to increase our further debts. Would like to highlight that Oil India 
Limited has done almost all its Capex from its internal accruals. Debts is being taken 
only for acquisition of the overseas assets. Two assets mainly, Mozambique as well 
as in the Russia asset where we have taken a 500 million debt at the wholly-owned 
subsidiary level in Singapore and for NRL capacity expansion, which by this time is 
totally repaid. We also have a significantly high Interest Coverage Ratio with EBITDA 
to Interest at the consolidated level almost 15 times. 
 

12 
 
- Key highlights of our ESG initiatives. Considering Government of India's target of 
2070 to achieve Net Zero, OIL Group has taken a very aggressive target of achieving 
Net Zero by 2040. We are continuously striving to increase our space in the 
alternative energy portfolio. We have set goal to increase share of gas in our 
portfolio and contribute to the country’s vision of becoming a gas based economy by 
increasing share of gas in energy mix from current 6% to 15% by 2030. By our 
presence in the renewable energy space, by our presence in the PETCHEM 
industries, our initiatives of establishing Ethanol blender plant in Numaligarh 
refinery, we are committed towards 20% Ethanol blending in petrol through 
Numaligarh as well as 15% Methanol blending through Assam Petrochemicals 
Limited. We are adopting cleaner energy sources and we are increasing our 
investment in renewable energy portfolio with a commitment of 25,000 crores up to 
2030. 
 
- We have been continuously targeting to mitigate our environmental risks and have 
been continuously taking measures in the field of Carbon Transition, Physical Climate 
Risk, Water Management, Pollution and Waste Management as well as Natural 
Capital. 
 
- On the Social and Governance front, OIL is a people's company. We have got 
stakeholder interactions at every front and we take all the initiatives to further 
enhance the human capital element within the organization. 
 
- Our CSR initiatives are in display over the years and consistently we have been 
incurring CSR expenditure more than the required amount statutorily. Our CSR 
expenditure for FY23-24 is ₹123 crores, which is 2.21% of Profit After Tax. 
 
- Friends, to summarize the position, so Oil India Limited is the second largest public 
sector oil company with its experience of over six decades and a steady performance 
with a state-of-the-art refinery which is expanding its capacity from 3 MMTPA to 9 
MMTPA. With strong financials, with our aggressive exploration plans and with the 
larger share of Category 1 basins that we have in the OALP acreage and also with the 
diversification initiatives the company has taken we are confident that we will 
continue to grow, to perform and to add value to all our stakeholders. OIL’s officials, 
for investors, contact details – Mr. S. Maharana, Chief General Manager – F&A, for 
Institutional and Investors and Analyst. And for retail investors, Shri. A.K. Sahoo, 
Company Secretary. 
 
- Thank you very much. 
 
(Audience applauds) 
 
- Presenter: 
 
- Thank you, Debojeet, for such a beautiful presentation covering the entire portfolio 
business of Oil India and its group companies. 
 

13 
 
- Ladies and gentlemen, now the floor is open for Question & Answer session. But 
before we start, I request you to kindly mention the name of your firm and your 
name before raising the queries to the management. Thank you very much.  
 
- Mr. Hardik Solanki - ICICI Securities: 
 
- Hello. Yeah, Hardik Solanki from ICICI Securities. So, Sir, can you just help us to 
understand when NRL’s expanded capacity will come onstream? And how the 
utilization will take on from there on? Thanks.  
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you very much. We are looking at December’2025 as part of the refinery 
expansion program and before that we will have the Paradeep-Numaligarh pipeline 
expansion by September’2025. And once the refinery expansion is done, by then the 
Petrochemical Complex, the 360 KTPA PETCHEM would have kick started this year. 
So,  that would take about three years. So, by then that would also come to the fag 
end of its completion.  
 
- Mr. Hardik Solanki - ICICI Securities: 
 
- Yeah. And also what would be the product slate, you know, broadly? The HSD, ATF? 
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
 
- See, primarily, Numaligarh has been focused on HSD and MS. So, that focus would 
continue because we would cater to the mobility segment. But given the fact that 
ATF has picked up in the recent times with the Aviation sector, primarily in Civil 
Aviation, with the thrust on Udaan scheme and the northeast connectivity. So,  ATF 
would also find a significant place there. We'll do LPG but LPG will also be used as 
part of our petrochemical input. So, the order of slate will be remaining the same 
more or less.  
 
- Mr. Hardik Solanki - ICICI Securities: 
 
- So, if you just give us the what's the current slate exactly?  
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
 
- It will be the same mix- MS HSD. Bhaskar ji,  you want to add something?  
 
- Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
-  

14 
 
- Yeah. If you see our slate, today almost 70% is MS and HSD and ATF if you add it 
almost touches 77%. So, more or less the kitty will be like that. Since we will venture 
into PETCHEM and we also have more plans which is queued towards MS 
maximization, so within that 77% MS share will marginally go up and diesel share will 
marginally come down.  
 
- Mr. Hardik Solanki - ICICI Securities: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Bharat Rajan - Antique Stock Broking: 
 
- Yeah. Sir, Bharat Rajan from Antique Stock Broking. You have a target of more than 
50% growth in the gas production and also there is a natural decline which is 
involved. So, the net production over the next three years, which will be new 
production from new wells, could be in the range of 60%-70%. Of what proportion of 
this gas you will be eligible for that 20% premium pricing on the gas front?  
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
 
- It's an excellent question actually. So, the notification says that the new gas which 
would be on top of the decline…Now, we know an order of magnitude decline but 
interestingly considering the fact that we are having IGGL being commissioned and 
additional NRL expansion is also coming and DNPL is also going for a capacity 
expansion, so we would have an avenue to enhance our gas production. So, we have 
gas fields but because of lack of evacuation facility we are unable to produce. So, all 
those gas will also find its meaning in terms of delta increase plus the enhanced oil 
recovery which we would do and there will be a lot of associated gas. So, we are also 
looking at capturing those gasses in addition to which was earlier as a stranded gas 
we have not been able to produce. So, we are going for about 16 odd number of 
compressor stations. Because, please, understand we have got now 9 geographical 
areas allocated to us including the North Bank, Tripura, Guwahati and Arunachal 
Pradesh, Nagaland. So, all those will actually require gas. So, we will be able to pump 
gas there by virtue of the IGGL connectivity. So, we are looking forward to that 20% 
delta.  
 
- Mr. Bharat Rajan - Antique Stock Broking: 
 
- So, of that provision, can I assume like the entire gas which is coming in will be 
eligible for that 20% premium pricing?  
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
 
- Yes. 
 

15 
 
- Mr. Bharat Rajan - Antique Stock Broking: 
 
- Thanks, Sir.  
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
 
- What percentage I will not able to tell you now but, yes,  
 
- Mr. Bharat Rajan - Antique Stock Broking: 
 
- Fair enough, Sir. Thanks.  
 
- Mr. Anuj – ICICI Prulife: 
 
- Hi, Sir. Anuj this site from ICICI Prulife. So, my first question is on the lines of what's 
the thought process behind putting money into PETCHEM given that it is so volatile? 
While I understand that we have some feed stock for that, so if  we can start with 
that and then probably I can come to the numbers on that.  
 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath - Chairman & Managing Director, Oil India Ltd.: 
- I'll first…Look, the future is PETCHEM. From an intensity point of view, currently NRL 
does not have any petrochemical intensity available to us, but given the market size 
that is available and going forward, we would have some component of MS available 
while HSD will not drop.  So, that would find its utilization from a feed stock point of 
view, but it is not about feed stock, it's about the market.  You would have noticed 
we have already got a POL line to Bangladesh, and we are now also looking at 
extending that reach further into the Bangladesh, and with the look at policy we are 
looking at not only the northeastern part of the country, Bangladesh will also be a 
market and the mainland India, the eastern part will also be a market.  So, 
petrochemical we will go big way, and the first step is that 360 KTP. 
- Mr. Anuj – ICICI Prulife: 
- What are the EBITDA estimates per ton or spreads that we are looking at just for 
from a modeling perspective? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Bhaskar ji, you want to take that call? 
- Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
- See, if you produce pet chem in a refinery since you have started by saying that 
availability of feed stock, see typically diesel would be what - diesel will fetch you 
around ₹70 per KG if you terms, but any pet chem molecule will fetch you ₹90 per 

16 
 
KG.  So, that CapEx which goes into that 7,000 odd crores will have a return of that 
magnitude, so 80,000 molecules will become 90,000 at least.  So, as you have said 
that today the pet chem prices are quite depressed, but as you also have said it is 
only the cyclical.  Sometimes it suffers from the overcapacity and then, and there is a 
upcycle again.  So, if you ever is out, generally people will expect a molecule price of 
around ₹100 per ton.  So, that delta is good enough to pay up your investment.  So, 
that way you can see that margins and the GRM which is currently you have seen 
13.7, and actually we should - we on an average, very long-term average if you see 
NRL is around $10 per barrel refinery, it will easily go up to $15 per barrel refinery.  
So, that is the kind of margin that we are looking for. 
- Mr. Anuj – ICICI Prulife: 
- Got it, Sir.  Very helpful.  My second question is on the DGH estimates of your 
Assam-Arakan Basin, it says that about the resource estimated are 3,200 million ton 
and that is about 3X of what we have in our KG Basin estimates.  So, are we actively 
looking at exploring that area or what's the status there? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- The beauty of Assam self is that it's a huge stack of sedimentary formation sand, 
clean sand, which is hosting these hydrocarbons.  So, as you would see Oil India has 
been pioneering not only to maintain the mature fields, we are also drilling deeper 
and deeper, so earlier while we were drilling about 2000-2500 meters, then we 
looked at 3000-3500 meters.  As we speak, we have already gone to the older 
formations and as part of our strategy we are going to go deeper both in terms of 
vertical, and also through an extended reach drilling campaign, look at the horizontal 
formations.  So, the potential is there and we are target of Mission 4+ is primarily 
going to happen from Assam self. 
- Mr. Yusuf Rangwala – Analyst: 
- Very good afternoon, Sir.  My name is Yusuf Rangwala.  I'm the speaker plus analyst.  
So, I'm very happy with our performance as you declared a bonus.  So, this is how 
our company is growing up seeing your presentation and very happy and very proud 
to be shareholder of this company Sir.  Thank you very much.  My best wishes for our 
future, Sir.  Thank you very much. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Thank you.  Thank you very much. 
- Ms. Pranita -- Morgan Stanley: 
- Good evening Sir, I'm Pranita from Morgan Stanley.  I just wanted to check what is 
the update? Any updates on Indradhanush pipeline commissioning? And once it's 
completed, what is the gasket that can be sold like in volume terms, MMSCMD. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 

17 
 
- I'm sorry, which pipeline you said? 
- Ms. Pranita -- Morgan Stanley: 
- IGGL 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- IGGL, okay.  Look IGGL is actually the genesis of IGGL is primarily the hydrocarbon 
vision for Northeast.  The idea is it would connect to all the capital cities and the gas 
sources from Guwahati.  So, till Guwahati, the pipeline GAIL is bringing and 
Indradhanush Gas grid, which is a JV company of five oil majors is creating that 
connectivity, and there is a feeder line which is also being laid on the North Bank of 
Brahmaputra while the Duliajan-Numaligarh pipeline is on the South Bank of 
Brahmaputra.  So, we are looking at, currently, let's say we are contributing about 1 
million standard cubic meters per day for Numaligarh.  Going forward, when 
Numaligarh will have expanded capacity of 9 million ton, we would require to give 
about 2.5 million standard cubic meters per day.  So, we will use these pipelines both 
DNPL capacity expansion after and IGGL.  So, it's about today we are doing about 7½ 
to 8 million standard cubic meters per day and going forward we are looking at a 
capacity of about 11 million standard cubic meters per day.  So, these pipeline 
networks will actually carry these molecules to the consumers.  So, the capacity 
would be available and it would also help us should there be a delta available, we 
can push the gas to the mainland.  So, that connectivity would also create a gas 
market for us, which was earlier being used in Northeastern part of the country 
would also be available in the mainland. 
- Mr. Kirtan Mehta -- BOB Capital Markets: 
- Hello Sir.  This is Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets.  One more question on this 
gas expansion in through IGGL, we are looking to expand from 3 BCM to 5 BCM.  So, 
who could be the target? What is the sort of the currently existing demand which we 
can cater with this pipeline? And could you also share about the profile where gas 
demand would develop, so some sort of customer mix that we are targeting? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Pankaj ji, you want to take this? 
- Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goswami – Director Operations, Oil India Limited: 
- Actually, in the last question MD Sir has very nicely explained that mostly we will be 
targeting with the capacity expansion of Numaligarh refinery.  There is immediate 
expansion of gas business also because from 1 million will be going to 2.5.  So, that is 
one.  Then with the IGGL connectivity up to Guwahati and the GAIL pipeline up to 
Guwahati that will give an opportunity to push our guests to the mainland that is 
through the any part of the country, and at the same time, we are also considering 
one pipeline through the north Bank of River Brahmaputra, which will be connecting 
the customers available in the North bank including the owner cell produce.  So, that 
will be another opportunity for us.  So, these are the mix of customers.  There are 

18 
 
lots of tea gardens available in the North bank, which are still not having any gas 
connectivity.  All those areas will be getting connected, and at the same time we are 
also looking at the new CGD business in the states like Nagaland, then Tripura, then 
Arunachal Pradesh, all those areas.  So, the connectivity will give us opportunity to 
push gas to all those customers in various states. 
- Mr. Kirtan Mehta -- BOB Capital Markets: 
- Right.  One more follow-up in this regard.  Will this gas be marketed by ourselves or 
will we be involving GAIL and when do we expect the customer contracts to be in 
place with customers for these additional volumes? 
- Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goswami – Director Operations, Oil India Limited: 
- As and when the customer demands comes in, we take up that one and some of the 
things will be done through Assam Gas Company Limited as we are now doing.  
Some areas will be connecting through IGGL and in some areas definitely GAIL will be 
involved. 
- Mr. Kirtan Mehta -- BOB Capital Markets: 
- Thank you, Sir. 
- Mr. Sabri Hazarika -- MK Global: 
- Yeah.  Hi.  This is Sabri Hazarika from MK Global.  I have two questions.  The first one 
is currently what is the capacity of DNPL and the expansion that you are talking 
about, when Did get commissioned? And it just involves putting compressor station 
or is there any pipeline replacement also involved there? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Pankaj ji, you want to take it? 
- Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goswami – Director Operations, Oil India Limited: 
- It's a part of pipeline replacement job that we are taking up.  So, we have just started 
this job, it will take another one year to complete. 
- Mr. Sabri Hazarika -- MK Global: 
- The capacity is currently around 1.2 MMSCM.  So, this will go to what level 2.5? 
- Mr. Pankaj Kumar Goswami – Director Operations, Oil India Limited: 
- 2.5 level. 
- Mr. Sabri Hazarika -- MK Global: 
- 2.5 in one year.  Okay.  And second question is on this bio refinery.  So, we have 
heard that it is like close to commissioning.  So, when exactly is it expected to 

19 
 
commission and against this CapEx of 4,200 crore what kind of like volumes and 
profitability you are expecting? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- I'll request MD NRL to take this.  In fact, July 2024 we are commissioning it, but let's 
listen MD, NRL. 
- Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
- The major part is inside only.  So, economics fortunately, though we call it is the 
ethanol refinery, it is also a chemical plant actually, it is a biochemical plant.  In many 
forums we have spoken and we have published also.  Apart from ethanol, it will also 
produce furfural, which is one of the major revenue scheme.  Then, we have acetic 
acid.  We also have our own power because the lignin will be burned in the captive 
power plant and it will give both electricity and steam.  5 MW of electricity can also 
be exported at 100% capacity and also, we are trying to convert the bamboo dust 
which is otherwise a waste material to activated carbon.  In the first stage, it will be 
biochar then eventually to activated carbon.  So, that is another revenue stream that 
we are adding.  With all this revenue stream coming, we are getting an IRR of around 
11.5% to 12%, in spite of this 4,200 CapEx. 
- Mr. Sabri Hazarika -- MK Global: 
- Right and that's the project IRR? 
- Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
- Yeah project IRR, yes. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- But I must add one thing I mean for every one of you.  North East is hugely endowed 
with bamboo as a feedstock and this project is going to change the agrarian 
economy landscape of the area. 
- Mr. Sabri Hazarika -- MK Global: 
- Thank you so much. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta and Wakil.  Your Vision 4 highlights 4 million metric 
tons per annum of crude oil and 5 billion cubic for gas.  Is this Vision 4 target 
achievable in the ongoing financial year or it is spread over 2-3 years? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- No, this mission, actually this is mission 4, - Mission 4+ rather, and the effort is to try 
and attempt to do it in the current year or max next year. 

20 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- Wonderful.  Because we had the at 6.54. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- No, that's actually total oil and gas.  This is from 6.54, we are looking at 9. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- Yeah. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- 5 + 4, but I can assure you at a split level, crude oil we are doing about 3.3.  So, we 
will take it to 3.8 this year and then 4+ year after, and similarly, gas also we will ramp 
up.  Now, there are two things I must share with all of you.  Last year we drilled 45 
wells, which is primarily a mix of exploratory well and development wells.  This year 
we drilled 61 wells, so which includes 17 exploratory well and 44 development wells.  
Current year, we have already planned to drill 78 wells, so 30% growth in terms of 
drilling and we expect that these drilling of these development wells with the prolific 
hydrocarbon basin that we are operating in will give us that number. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- That means we – and Sir can you also give us some insightful view or thought 
process as far as Mozambique now coming back into the mainstream after that 
political turmoil, getting over there, will not be touch 4 million metric ton per annum 
further up? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- No.  The mission that we have outlined for ourselves is from domestic production 
only.  This doesn't include anything from Mozambique. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- If that comes, we can hit a target of 10 combined. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- So, we have not factored in that.  The mission 4+ is primarily from domestic 
production, 5 BCM gas is primarily from domestic production.  We have not factored 
in Mozambique. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- Because Mozambique is a huge    
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 

21 
 
- I know, I know.  We are eagerly waiting for the operator to announce invocation of 
the force measure and it will take some time and with our oil equity abroad, so that's 
a parallel production that's not factored in this 4+ mission of ours.  4+ mission is 
primarily in our main producing area and the Jaisalmer Basin where we are doing 
enhanced oil recovery, so we are ramping up that also. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- Wonderful, excellent. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Thank you. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- And your renewable energy, what I feel is, next year when we come for the 
presentation, you will indicate to us doubling of the production which you have 
shown because you have underplayed that a part of the presentation. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Okay.  So, we have not underplayed though we have - you have observed it, right.  
The renewable energy is just picking up.  So, we thought we will come back to you 
with a better number when the things are shaping up actually.  So, that's the 
purpose. 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani – Mehta and Wakil: 
- Thank you and all the best. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Thank you.  Thank you. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- Hi, Sir.  This is Vikas Jain from CLSA.  So, a few questions on your new production 
itself.  Firstly, if you can clarify the windfall tax formula which was announced almost 
two years ago now.  That windfall tax is only applicable to production at the level of 
FY22.  So, everything that is incremental is free price, is that how it still works in 
terms of because I think your production in FY22 was closer to 3 million ton or so, so 
everything that you get over and above that for oil will be free market price without 
the windfall tax? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- No.  Small correction.  Windfall tax is pegged at a defined value of or the price of the 
crude oil.  It has got nothing to do with production.  The production component is 
there and that 20% premium on the gas point.  So, in windfall tax, which is a special 
additional excise duty, SAED to be precise is primarily if the oil price globally goes up 

22 
 
over a certain threshold, then there is a defined amount which is taxed.  So, 
production we can do anything, it has got nothing to do with it. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- Okay.  So, I mean that per barrel tax, whichever is reset every fortnight is applicable 
on every barrel that you produce? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Yes, if there is a price delta we get. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- Okay and for gas, if you can remind us that 20% premium that you're talking about 
now your competitor has an opinion that there is no cap applicable on that.  Is that 
an opinion that you also hold which means simply the extra gas that you produce will 
be sold at a 12% slope instead of a 10% slope? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Yes. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- Okay, and now on Numaligarh, a few questions on OpEx.  So, right now, I mean with 
all these pipelines which are coming, firstly, what is the current per barrel OpEx, that 
is pre-EBITDA OpEx and how would that really change and decline with all of these 
pipelines that you're adding? 
- Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan – Managing Director, NRL: 
- Since, you can realize, 3 million ton is a pretty small refinery to have and the OpEx 
does not proportionally go down with the capacity.  So, that was one of the prime 
reasons for which we have embarked on to the refinery expansion project.  Going 
forward, we wanted to bring down the per barrel cost.  So, if you see our, that OpEx, 
you will see it will hover around $4.5 per barrel, which is pretty high in any standard.  
So, we expect that to come to below 3 level, and particularly the manpower 
expenses will not have their proportionately high manpower that you can assume, 
and also we spent a lot of money in rail transportation and with the advent of these 
pipelines and from day one we will have 5.5 million ton pipeline carrying that 
product to Siliguri, and the real distance from Numaligarh to Siliguri is around 600 
kilometers.  So, you have that 600-kilometer lead already negated for freight 
calculation, and going forward, maybe we may think of extending that pipeline 
beyond Siliguri to places like Durgapur and Muzaffarpur like that, so that is on the 
drawing board, it is premature to talk about it, but the thinking process is already on.  
So, to answer your question, we are a 4.5 currently, we will definitely go down below 
3 at 9 million level with all these initiatives. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 

23 
 
- Okay and just to kind of maybe recap, you did mention this partly, the phase of 
starting the refinery, one of the pipelines will be ready by September 25.  Then, you 
said the project will be, I mean most of the facilities will be ready by December 25 
and by when would the polypropylene expansion be ready please? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- No, polypropylene we are going to start. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- You're going to start. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- We are going to start now say July, August, the CapEx will start. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- And it's going to take three years from now? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- It's going to take about three years, 36 months. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- So, most likely end of 27 is what     
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- End of 27, yes. 
- Mr. Vikas Jain – CLSA: 
- Okay.  And the other upgrader units of the refinery they should slowly ramp up in 
the early part of 26, right? 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- Yes.  Thank you.   
- Mr. Sharad Chandra – Investment Advisor: 
- Hello Sir, this is Sharad Chandra, Investment Advisor.  What you just responded 
about the, you know, windfall tax, the question which comes to a public shareholder 
is that if the price of crude goes to 100 then we don't make additional money, but if 
the price of crude goes to 50 then it's - so, government obviously has a responsibility 
towards the public, but as a public shareholder, I think this will be our first question 
which should come to the mind to our retail investor? The second question is if 
government makes this policy more fairer and you make more money, if crude goes 

24 
 
to 100, then that surplus money which you will get that will go into investments of 
greater amount of you know exploration or probably renewable energy etc., so does 
the country want to be energy independent or you know, they want to divert money 
from oil and gas into all welfare activities, probably, you know, government has a 
role to answer in this, but your thoughts to a question to a retail investor?  Thank 
you very much. 
- Dr. Ranjit Rath – Chairman and Managing Director, Oil India Limited: 
- The point is very well taken, but I can assure you that with the current reforms place 
in the play, we have got unlocked the exclusive economic zone of India both in the 
West Coast and in the East Coast, including Andaman and Nicobar, the deep and 
ultradeep water is now available for exploration.  These are category two basins 
where there is nil royalty to be paid, and there is an extensive interaction through 
investor meets, possibilities of collaborations, tractions, outreach campaign is 
underway to seek the IOCs and National Oil Companies of the world to come and 
collaborate for an exploration effort.  So, this narrative is good enough to display 
that both the Government of India, Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, and the 
National Oil Companies including the other ENP companies are all focused on 
exploration.  In terms of SAED, this is a government policy and whenever there is a 
delta increase in terms of responses to the vulnerability of the oil supply chain, we 
respond to it, which is a price peg that based on certain calculations, but I can assure 
you that as an ENP company, we will continue to focus and carry out exploration not 
only PAN India in onshore perspective, but also offshore, and as we speak, we have 
already got lined up our exploration efforts in the Andaman Nicobar Basin both East 
Coast and West Coast of Andaman Nicobar as part of our OLP exploration campaign. 
- Presenter: 
- If question answer is over, then I now request our Executive Director, Finance and 
Accounts, Rupam Baruah Sir to kindly come forward for a vote of thanks to the 
audience. 
- Mr. Rupam Baruah -- Executive Director, Finance and Accounts, Oil India Limited: 
- Good evening everyone.  On behalf of Oil India Limited, I'd like to extend our 
heartfelt thanks and gratitude to our Chairman and Managing Director, Members of 
the Board of Oil India Limited, and the MD NRL, DF NRL for being present on this 
occasion and providing their valuable insight and thoughts about our company.  I 
would also like to extend my thanks to all the analysts and investors for being 
present here and raising their valuable points, and helping us making this event a 
grand success.  We also solicit similar support and cooperation from the investor and 
the analyst in days to come.  In case any further information is required, please feel 
free to contact us.  I must also take on record our sincere appreciation to Mr. 
Swarnendu from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited for volunteering this event for 
the company.  I also to extend my thanks to our team for organizing the event in the 
most dignified manner.  With this, now, I request everyone to join for high tea.  
Thank you. 

25 
 
- Presenter: 
- Thank you very much. 
-  
End of Transcript 
