 
 
Classification: Internal
 
May 15, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
Symbol: LALPATHLAB        
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539524 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Transcript of Q4 & FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Gujral 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
VINAY 
GUJRAL
Digitally signed by 
VINAY GUJRAL 
Date: 2024.05.15 
19:34:54 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
 
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 10, 2024 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour  
Management Speakers 
• 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Executive Chairman 
• 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee - Chief Executive Officer (Designate) 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group Chief Financial Officer 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Binay Singh - Morgan Stanley 
• 
Amey Singh – JM Financial 
• 
Kunal Randeria – Axis Capital 
• 
Nitin Agarwal – DAM Capital 
• 
Pranav Chawla – Antique Stock Broking  
• 
Prakash Kapadia – Spark PWM  
• 
Anshul Agarwal – Emkay Global 
• 
Jainil Shah – JM Financial 
• 
Shaleen Kumar – UBS Securities India 
• 
Dheeresh Pathak – Whiteoak Capital 
• 
Sumit Gupta – Centrum India 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs Q4 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal, Executive Chairman; Dr. 
Om Prakash Manchanda, Managing Director; Mr. Shankha Banerjee, CEO 
(Designate) and Mr. Ved Prakash Goel, Group CFO. 
 
I would like to share that some of the statements made on today's call could be 
forward-looking in nature and actual results could vary from these results and 
forward-looking statements made. A detailed statement in this regard is available in 
the results presentation, which has been circulated to you and is also available on 
the stock exchange website. 
 
I would now like to invite (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives. Thank 
you, and over to you, Dr. Lal. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all participants on 
the call. We are here to discuss the Q4 FY24 earnings performance of Dr. Lal 
PathLabs. I would like to commence by discussing my insights into the changing 
market dynamics and the advancement achieved at Dr. Lal PathLabs. 
 
As we approach our 75th/Platinum anniversary this year, Dr. Lal PathLabs continues 
to be a trusted healthcare partner, renowned for its commitment to quality, accuracy, 
accessibility and affordability. Our marketing campaign, “Bharat Ka Vishwas”, 
exemplifies this dedication and reinforces our position as a cornerstone of nation's 
diagnostic landscape.  
Our relentless pursuit of excellence in diagnostics has earned us numerous 
complements and the confidence of patients and physicians alike. We remain 
focused on deepening our presence in underserved Tier-3 and Tier-4 markets, while 
leveraging our robust digital infrastructure to differentiate ourselves and achieve 
significant milestones in network rollout. The recent introduction of a custom-built 
logistics solution further enhances our ability to serve our customers better. 
 
The integration between Dr. Lal PathLabs and Suburban Diagnostics continues to 
yield promising results in the Western market, where we have established a growing 
presence. We are making targeted investments in both marketing and process 
efficiencies to strengthen the brand while elevating the patient experience. Our 
reference lab in Mumbai has begun to receive increased volumes of various clusters 
across Maharashtra for both routine and semi specialized tests. Our collaborative 
approach is enabling us to combine inherent strengths and provide patients with a 
wide array of tests across multiple categories with speed and precision. 
 
Looking ahead, our growth trajectory will be fueled by the ongoing shift from 
unorganized to organized, more awareness on accurate diagnosis as well as focus 
on wellness portfolio, among others. We remain committed to expanding our network 
and elevating our service standards through operational excellence and 
technological advancements. Despite increased competition, we are strategically 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
positioned to deliver sustained growth and further consolidate our market share, 
driven by our comprehensive test portfolio and competitive pricing strategy. 
 
That concludes my initial remarks. Before I hand over, I would like to extend a note 
of appreciation for Bharath and wish him well in his future endeavors. As you know, 
we will be having Shankha Banerjee, leading the business as CEO, going forward, 
and he is here today. I welcome him into this role.  
Thank you. I would now like to hand over the floor to Dr. Om Manchanda. Over to 
you, Om. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Thank you, Dr. Lal, and welcome all of you to our call today. I shall walk you through 
the evolving industry scenario and progress in our strategy.  
I'm happy to announce that we have achieved double-digit top line growth on a year-
on-year basis. This growth has been accompanied by a significant jump in our 
operating and net margins, primarily driven by efficiencies of scale and productivity 
initiatives.  
Our strategic focus continues to remain widening and deepening the brand’s 
presence geographically, thereby driving sustainable volume and value growth. 
There is also a sharp focus on expanding into Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns organically in 
LPL core markets. And in the rest of North India, we have made good headway with 
this strategy. Additionally, we are also establishing 20 new hub labs under the DLPL 
brand name to broaden our reach. As the year progresses, we shall undertake to 
add more such hub labs. 
 
We have identified key growth areas, aiming to strengthen our presence in Mumbai 
and in select parts of Maharashtra via Suburban. In order to boost momentum in 
Suburban Diagnostics itself, we are promoting higher sampling and enhanced 
branding.  
Our ‘Swasthfit’ brand, now a consistent revenue driver, comprising 22% to 24% of 
the total revenue is being extended to many other markets. We are moving towards 
bundling specialized tests as well. The medical centers of excellence that we have 
developed are scaling well, rendering better patient engagement and outcomes. 
 
Being guided by a strategic focus on sustainable volume growth, these initiatives 
would attract patients from unorganized labs, encouraging high and specialized test 
prescriptions.  
Our investments in technology and digital infrastructure are yielding tangible results, 
enhancing our brand visibility and patient interactions. We continue to push ahead 
with brand initiatives in select markets, while also executing a strategic agenda for 
network and test menu expansion.  
We remain vigilant of the market dynamics and evolving the regulatory frameworks, 
adapting our approach to ensure compliance and sustainability. 
 
As we press forward, maintaining a robust financial footing is paramount. With a 
focused approach towards cost optimization and strategic investments, we aim to 
uphold our financial metrics and cost structure.  
I Now hand over to Shankha to delve deeper into our strategic initiatives and 
operational highlights. Over to you, Shankha. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Thank you, Om. I extend a warm welcome to all participants joining this call today. I 
will proceed to share the business and operating highlights with you.  

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
I am happy to share that we have closed the year on a strong performance at both 
top line and profitability. In Q4 FY24, we achieved a revenue of Rs. 545 Crore, 
marking an 11.1% growth. This was made possible by serving 6.5 million patients 
and testing 19.1 million samples, reflecting a sample growth of 8.1% compared to 
the same period last year. 
 
Our Q4 FY24 revenue per patient stands at Rs. 833, a 3.2% growth over Q3 FY24, 
primarily driven by favorable mix management. In order to intensify our efforts in key 
clusters of Western and Southern India, we are expanding our lab infrastructure. This 
is being executed in a time-bound manner and alongside, we are building a robust 
ecosystem of collection centers and pickup points. 
 
Our flagship bundle program – ‘Swasthfit’, continues to gain healthy traction, 
contributing to approximately 24% of total revenues in Q4. Building on this success, 
we would continue to expand its reach and develop programs to sustain the growth 
trajectory. Furthermore, medical centers of excellence, such as LACE and LCoRD, 
are solidifying their positions within the medical community and among patients. 
 
Leveraging our digital infrastructure, which includes advanced AI and data analytics, 
continues to drive efficiency and elevate the overall patient experience. Technology 
lies at the heart of our operations, and we are exerting every effort to maximize the 
use of our assets to achieve sustainable and profitable growth. 
 
To conclude, I would like to say that we are moving in the right direction. Our 
performance going ahead will be fueled by expanding our reach, enhancing our 
digital capabilities and focusing on product innovation and value-driven offerings. 
Thank you for your continued support and trust in our journey.  
That concludes my opening thoughts. I would now request Ved to take you all 
through the financial performance. Over to you, Ved. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you, Shankha. Good afternoon, everyone, and warm welcome. I'm sharing 
some of the key financial highlights for Q4 and full year FY24. Revenue for Q4 FY24 
came in at Rs. 545 crore against Rs. 491 crore last year same quarter, a growth of 
11.1%. Revenue for the full year came in at Rs. 2,227 crore v/s Rs. 2,017 crore in 
FY23, a growth of 10.4%. Revenue per patient for Q4 is Rs. 833 and full year is Rs. 
806 v/s Rs. 750 in the previous year, a growth of 7.5%. 
 
Sample per patient for Q4 is 2.91 and 2.83 for the year, a growth of 4.7% and 5.3%, 
respectively. EBITDA for Q4 FY24 came at Rs. 145 crore v/s Rs. 116 crore in Q4 
FY23, registered a growth of 25.1% with an EBITDA margin of 26.5%. For full year, 
EBITDA came in at least Rs. 609 crore v/s Rs. 490 crore in FY23, registered a growth 
of 24.4% with an EBITDA margin of 27.4%. PBT for Q4 FY24 came in at Rs. 120 
crore, registered a growth of 44.1% with a margin of 22%. FY24 PBT is Rs. 505 
crore, registered a growth of 47% with a margin of 22.7%. 
 
PAT for Q4 FY24 came in at Rs. 86 crore v/s Rs. 57 crore last year same quarter, 
registered a growth of 50.8% with a margin of 15.7%. Full year FY24 PAT is Rs. 360 
crore -- sorry, Rs. 362 crore, registered a growth of 50.3% with a margin of 16.3%. 
EPS in Q4 FY24 is Rs. 10.1 and Rs. 43 for the year with a growth of 49%. Cash and 
cash equivalent as on March'24 is Rs. 960 Crore. Net of borrowing, it is Rs. 877 
crore. Our receivables and inventory have further improved. Now, the DSO as on 
March 31, 2024, is only 25 days of credit sales and inventory is at 30 days. We still 
have a negative working capital of 26 days. 
 
At last, we are pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has approved a 
dividend of Rs. 6 per share. With this, total dividend for the year stood at Rs. 24 per 
share.  

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
As mentioned by Dr. Om, we are committed to continue our efforts to optimize cost, 
increase productivity and enhance efficiency through tech-driven initiatives. With 
this, I conclude my opening remarks, and I would now request the moderator to open 
the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead.  
Binay Singh: 
I had 3 questions. Firstly, on the industry growth and competitive intensity. Any sort 
of update from what you shared last call, any changes that you see there in? The 
second question I have is on the Suburban side. If you could talk a little bit about the 
growth you are seeing, and fair to believe that the initiatives you talked about 
sampling promotion, brand building, these are more recent. What kind of traction you 
expect going ahead? 
 
And lastly, the number of tests that you report in the presentation. We see a sharp 
drop in the tests under radiology from 1,947 to around 1,400 in this quarter. So any 
read-through from that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Okay. This is Om here. Let me take the first question. And maybe the other 2 
questions, I'll ask Shankha and Ved to address. So, coming to industry growth. 
Based on the sort of trend analysis that I have done in the last 3 years, I'm beginning 
to feel that probably COVID was impacting base not just due to COVID alone, I think 
some of the non-COVID sales in the previous years was also influenced by COVID. 
As the COVID has gone away, I think that FY24 base for the entire industry will be 
completely cleaned up, and you won't have any impact of either COVID or non-
COVID sales influence due to COVID. 
 
My personal view is our industry would see better growth in FY25 than what we have 
seen in FY23 or even FY24. Second part of your question was on this competitive 
intensity. In terms of number of players, I don't see anybody going down or getting 
out of the business. Whatever had to happen has already happened during COVID 
time. 
So now, whosoever has been in the business, my sense is they'll continue. But I 
think the level playing field is becoming a little more, a little better compared to, I 
think, some of the players have already taken price increases. So the deep 
discounting or if I were to call, predatory pricing, I think that is now not there in the 
market. So overall, I would say it's a positive news as we go forward into FY25. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So right, there was a question on Suburban. So this is Shankha here. So yes, 
Suburban growth traction on revenue side definitely looking up. I think our Q4 
revenue growth is inching towards double digits. We are very close to double-digit 
growth now on Suburban. And a lot of these patient acquisition activities, I think 
which Om mentioned, as well as some other future improvements that we have done, 
should ensure that we are able to not only sustain this growth trajectory, but maybe 
also build upon it going forward. You want to take the point on tests? 
Binay Singh: 
Sorry, this is double digit as in early double-digit or high double-digit growth? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
No, no. So this is just reaching double digits. It's just sub double-digit level, yes. 
Binay Singh: 
Anything on market share of Suburban in Mumbai? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So market share is obviously a very difficult number. I think in terms of assessing 
what the overall market potential itself is, we don't have any official data on that. But 
one thing which we know is that Suburban as a brand, will be the third largest brand 
in Mumbai as a city. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Right. Binay on the number of tests, we have rationalized some of the tests, which 
were not in use. So that's why we have taken away from the list duplication. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: The same thing that what we discussed the other day. Yes. I think this rationalization 
is primarily done because there are a lot of medical terms, which are actually very 
overlapping in nature. So some of these cleanup we've done. It's not that our portfolio 
has shrunk, but it's just that cleanup in our nomenclature. 
Binay Singh: 
Great and also congratulations on almost completing 75 years, big milestone. 
Congrats on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. 
Amey Chalke: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers to the management. The first question I have is, 
is it possible for us to gain volume growth for Delhi and rest of the North India region 
region. And second, in Delhi we are seeing a lot of hospital chains coming back to 
their own lab business. There is a captive business as well, but they're also venturing 
into the outside market. Are you seeing the impact of this activity on your business? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Okay. I think on overall Delhi NCR business, we have seen a lot of positive traction 
this year. In fact, if at all, there is one part of the business, which has done well for 
us, is Delhi NCR in FY24. I think your point is valid. Some hospital lab chains have 
come into this business. My reading is that whatever gains they had to make, they 
probably have already made because of their own customer base while they'll 
continue to remain in the business.  
But to my mind we are seeing a much higher growth than what we have experienced 
in the previous 3-4-5 years. So overall, I would say that we are well positioned in 
Delhi NCR especially given that Swasthfit business is doing pretty very well in this 
space. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And the second question I have is on Tier-3 contribution which is around 34%. 
Is it possible for us to give example of the cities what you consider in the Tier-3? And 
the second thing is that we see in the labs as a proportion of total labs around 40%, 
but the PUP number seems to be on the higher side, the collections number seems 
to be on a higher side. So. is the business model a bit different, you need to invest 
much more on the collection center side when you go for the Tier-3? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
There is a list of cities which is their Tier-3 plus. If you remove the top 108-odd cities 
of the country rest of them are then classified as Tier-3 and Tier-4. So that 
classification is something which we have taken from whatever the government of 
India does the classification on. It's publicly available data. 
The second question which is on the model. So the collection network primarily which 
is linked to all the lab infrastructure is franchisee-driven. So to that extent there isn't 
a heavy company investment in terms of building the network, but what it definitely 
does is that in the Tier-3 cities and below we have a much larger geographic footprint 
from which the lab actually collect samples. And therefore, we see a larger a number 
of collection or larger collection network associated with the labs which are operating 
in Tier-3 or below. 
Amey Chalke: 
Is it because of the scale of the margins of this business will be similar to our 
company average or how that will be? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think we have seen that and you would have seen that over the last 3 years to 4 
years the contribution of the Tier-3, Tier-4 markets have increased or improved in 
our overall mix. However, we've been able to sustain our EBITDA profile. So we have 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
obviously worked out modalities in which the overall company margins is not going 
to be impacted adversely. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So just to add to what Shankha is saying I think the trick lies in the way you model 
your business and manage the logistics of it. So idea is that how you really align 
these Tier-3, Tier 4 cities to the nearest lab is how we are confident of managing the 
margins. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sir just going through some of the operating parameters like the number of labs, the 
pickup points and so on. So, at a consol level you have added let's say three labs in 
the last 2 years and around 1,000-odd pickup points. But if I were to look at Tier-3 
centers there you have added maybe 15 labs and maybe 1,600 or 1,500 pickup 
points. So, it basically means that you're scaling back in your Tier-1, Tier-2 cities. So 
while I understand you're doubling down on Tier-3, but scaling back is something 
which I don't completely understand this, is this competition or is it maybe some 
inefficiencies which have crept in and you are just trying to sort of rationalize it going 
forward? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, I think the way you should look at it is the following; because having more labs 
technically is not a demand generation activity. It's the ability to service the demand. 
So most Tier-1 cities we already have labs. In some places, we will have multiple 
labs also. In some places, we'll have HLMs as well. It's only Tier-3 and below where 
there's a huge gap, we don't even have labs at all. That's why in terms of expansion 
of our lab infra you will always see that more labs are coming in Tier-3 by default 
itself because as per the government definition I think Tier-1 has about 8-9 cities and 
then Tier-2 have around 98 cities. So all other towns are falling in Tier-3 and below. 
So those are the places where we don't have too many labs. So that's why you will 
see expansion coming only in Tier-3. So it's not about scaling back in Tier-1, but it's 
more about the gap that exists is only Tier-3 and below. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
And I think specifically on this point of net add of 3 whereas you see an add of 15 in 
Tier-3. Yes, there has been a bit of an overlap rationalization that has been done, 
but it's kind of onetime. It's not any scaling back. It's more of a onetime rationalization 
to see that the overlaps are reduced. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure. And the same kind of logic applies on the pickup points also because there 
also seen a number of pickup points seems to have gone down in Tier-1 and 2’s? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Pickup points, again, we've got a dynamic way of looking at it because sometimes if 
a pickup point is not giving us regular samples for a period of time, we kind of 
deactivate them in our system. So, there is no scaling back so to say. I think these 
numbers of our pickup point acquisition activities in Tier-1 and Tier-2 continue to be 
operational. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think broadly this chart of Tier-3 plus 1 should read as if like we are deepening our 
presence in the market. That's the way one should look at. Now the play between 
CC pickup points and labs, it's a very dynamic process mainly because sometimes 
our intention is always to maximize throughput per lab. And once the throughput per 
lab is maximized then it's a huge positive on all sides. You will expand your test 
menu. You can operate 24/7. You can provide the courier pickup 24/7. You connect 
many roads. So it's like if you get higher throughput per lab, a lot of other parameters 
just fall in place. So I think that number is more always constantly optimizing 
operations. But the reason why we probably are giving the chance of Tier-3 plus is 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
just to say that we are not just a few city dependent company, we are widening and 
deepening our presence across the country. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, sir. And just carrying forward on that. Any particular region, not Tier-3, any 
particular region you would like to call out which has surpassed expectations and 
where would you look to expand further? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It's mainly Northern part of India. I would say UP, Bihar. Because most of the cities 
in UP, if you look at the population is just ballooning beyond over 22 - 23 crore. Now 
such a large population base is I think if you pick cities, most of these cities are in 
the category of Tier-3 and below. Maybe just say Lucknow, Kanpur, etc. And that is 
where our presence is just growing. And this State is a huge state for us, and I think 
it shows good sign of growth. I would call out this particular State. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Got it, sir. And just one more, if I can. Swasthfit contribution is 24% of revenue is 
probably the highest, I think, what is the kind of headroom you see over here? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It's a very interesting, we are currently in the process of identifying because virtually, 
every quarter we are seeing this contribution inching upwards. We're trying to figure 
it out as to what is really happening. My hypothesis there could be 2-3 factors that 
are leading to this. One is patients have seen greater value for money because 
obviously, it makes sense to go for a bundled package, we can do more tests at a 
much lower price. Maybe medical doctors are seeing greater value because then 
they don't need to ask for a follow-up test in one go, they get multiple tests and their 
ability to diagnose what the underlying cause for any illness is there. Third could also 
be the way consumer behavior is changing. Because most of these now, even if they 
come to the lab or they book online, I have a feeling it's easy to book a bundled test. 
You just press a button, and it all gets done or repeat the order. All that is probably 
happening. So there is a sense that I get is a combined factor of all these 3 leading 
to higher percentage of contribution from Swasthfit. 
We also believe, I think I've spoken about this in the earlier calls, is that as the 
bundling goes up, it is having ramification of two other parameters. One is the 
number of tests per patients are going up because bundled packages have more 
tests. I'm also getting a sense that footfall is also falling. Because once you get these 
tests done in one go, then you don't need to come back again because all the tests 
you've done in one visit itself which to some extent commercially is not a bad idea 
because our overhead consumption is servicing the patient is highest. 
It's not in the testing that is more, but it's more the servicing the patient visit. I think 
we should look at a volume component both together, number of tests per patient as 
well as number of patient footfall. I think combined together is where the volume 
should be looked at. And it's an interesting sort of the thing that is emerging. Let's 
see how it goes, but we are very confident that Swasthfit is going to grow further. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Just taking forward your previous comments. This bundled tests, obviously, moving 
up the overall realization per patient. I mean, where do you think this number really 
ends up? At what stage it will start to, in your assessment stops growing? Because 
we've had a consistent Q-o-Q growth on this number for the last several quarters 
now. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: There are three distinct segments in the market. One is pure screening-screening, 
where there's no illness and people are just getting themselves checked to know 
whether there is a problem or not. If that factor is dominating and driving this number 
up, that means the market is expanding. The other is a lot of people who are suffering 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
with NCD which are chronic diseases like diabetes, high cholesterol or some other 
illnesses, where they need to go for regular checkups. Those are basically upgrading 
from an individual test. Even there is also no problem. Let these bundled tests grow 
because many of these NCDs are interconnected also. 
Third area is which is an illness driven or communicable diseases where things like 
typhoid, malaria, dengue, these are all seasonal flu, etc. To my mind, these are three 
distinct segments. If screening and NCDs are there, then this number, actually, my 
sense is can even go 30%-40% as well. So I think it will continue to grow as we go 
forward. And also, I think as the bundling goes up, it's a greater value for money. I 
think that we are also hovering around price points of between Rs. 1,000 - 2,000 
which is just a ticket size which is easy to take out from the pocket. This may just 
become a new norm in the industry.  
People will just get to know, I think I mentioned to you earlier also, if you trace the 
history over the last 20 years, it started with a single test, then it became like a panel 
test, like LFT, KFT, they're also technically bundled tests for a particular organ. What 
the next stage has been the bundling of these panels only, LFT, KFT clubbed 
together. So this is, to my mind, is a new way of life, and I think this will become a 
norm in the industry. I think your specific question is to what extent it can go? 
Anybody's imagination. My sense is it can be 30%-40% of the portfolio as well. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And sir, I guess, based upon your comment, probably in the past, you were tracking 
the patient volume growth number more closely, given the way the dynamics in the 
market are playing, probably you think sample growth, probably the more apt number 
to look at as things are.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Sorry to interrupt you, I would say both. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And secondly, on the cost part of it. We've had a pretty sharp jump up in our 
gross margin this year. I mean how much scope do we have for that to squeeze out 
more, especially at the gross level, contribution level? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I keep asking this question to Ved as well. So Ved should answer. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So I think it's pretty high. I mean 80% roughly is gross margin. I think what we can 
do is, in my view, we can sustain here. But beyond this, I don't think there is a room 
to improve further, especially on the gross margin. But I think we can sustain between 
this 78% to 80% kind of margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Chawla from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Chawla: 
I just wanted to ask what is our regional mix for the fiscal. We used to highlight the 
split between Delhi NCR, South, West, International, East and North. Can you 
provide this? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Delhi NCR contribution is about 31% for the quarter.  
Pranav Chawla: 
Sir, for the fiscal? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
31%, for the full year as well. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I'll tell you, 31% Delhi NCR, 31% Rest of North, 15% is East, 15% is West, 
South is 6%, and other 3%. Others will constitute international and CTL. 
Pranav Chawla: 
International as well. Sir, and what is our B2B, B2C mix for the fiscal? 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It is always estimate, right? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Retail, including home collection, is about 32% for the year. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: But that is our own infra. There is also a retail component in collection center. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
For franchise it's about 37%, which is collections center. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: For full year? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I can come back on that, 1 second. The retail component of direct-to-consumer, our 
own infra is very clear. But the retail component of our collection center is generally 
we take an assumption that 50% of their business would be direct-to-consumer and 
balance 50% would be a pickup business. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
That exact split, we don't have. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: We don't have that, but we normally tend to assume that number and add it up. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Okay. Perfect. Sir, just can you provide us a color on how the competition has been 
in a core market of Delhi NCR? And how the region of Mumbai has been doing? How 
Suburban is growing? Even if you can share the quarterly revenue number of 
Suburban, that would be great. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think, firstly, to answer Suburban. I think there are quite a lot of revenue and patient 
growth activities that one is doing. I think, we talked about a lot of sampling activities, 
patient acquisition, offline, online activities that are happening. Also, we are 
expanding geographic testing, footprint for Suburban to get into newer pockets and 
tap into those opportunities. Also, running a lot of clinician connect programs to get 
better prescriptions and conversion programs there as well. Also beefing up the sales 
team, creating some specialized sales team structures to get better extraction from 
B2B clients as well. So there are multipronged activities currently on for driving 
revenue growth, and those things are going to be sustained over the next few 
quarters. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Just to add to what Shankha said, now it's been nearly about more than 2 years. We 
have more than 2 years. We mentioned about Suburban, it went through 2 phases. 
Phase 1 was basically to stabilize the ship because it is just changing hands from 
promoter to us. And then that piece was done. I think now the second piece was 
actually getting the strategic building block in place. If you recall, a major shift that 
we've had is the franchising of collection centers. That's the model which LPL follows. 
And we find that entrepreneurial energy in franchising is extremely high. And we've 
used that to drive a lot of sampling, a lot of camp activities in various colonies of 
Mumbai. 
And I don't know if you guys must have seen in Pune as well. And I think now with 
Shankha moving as CEO in LPL, we are now going to integrate this company much 
more with the parent as well where a lot of back-end support operation will be driven 
from here. So, we are very confident that all the building blocks of future growth for 
Suburban are in place and we are going to be driving this business from the center. 
Now early days, but good sort of numbers are there last quarter. It is definitely driving 
a lot of confidence in this. And I'm very, very confident because as a brand, as a 
single largest brand in one city, there are not too many of them in this country. And 
the suburban, 80% of its business comes from just one city of Mumbai. And that's a 
huge, huge sort of advantage platform for us to expand from here on. And it also has 
a brand which lends very well to its sort of a direct-to-consumer. It's brand awareness 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
is fairly high compared to many other small time pathology labs. So I'm fairly 
confident that going forward, Suburban would turn out to be a good asset. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Okay. Sir, then can you just give us some broad color on Delhi NCR region, like how 
is the competitive intensity, pricing, realization, etcetera, just for Delhi NCR? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Competitive intensity in Delhi NCR hasn't really changed too much v/s what I think 
we spoke about in the last quarter. So I think a base level of competitive intensity is 
always there. We haven't seen any sharp up move or down move in terms of 
competitive intensity when it comes to Delhi NCR, at least not in this last quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I have two questions. If I look at the Swasthfit contribution. It has been increasing. It 
has been doing well for us. So is it currently just a few top cities or metro specific, is 
there a scope to take this beyond some of the top cities? That's my first question. 
And secondly, if I look at where the industry is, given that some of the price increase 
has happened, competitive intensity has stabilized or decreased. 
So from year on, if I were to build a scenario of doubling our patient count of 27.5, 
28 million over the next few years, what are the key variables which will get us there? 
Is it convenience? Is it accuracy? Is it increased genomics contribution? Is it doctor 
advocacy, if you could give some direction on those parts will be helpful? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Right. Okay. Thanks for the question. So on Swasthfit, it is not a metro phenomenon 
for us. I think over the last few years, we have been consciously expanding and 
driving Swasthfit into multiple geographies. And that maybe one of the underlying 
reasons why we are seeing consistent growth, and we will continue to do that. So 
that expanding the footprint for Swasth is something which we are actively working 
on and it's a continuing process. So that point is there. On the other question on 
where and how will the future growth come from? So yes, there will be, like we said, 
the patient and samples, there are two measures of volume that we see. 
 
I think both of them are what we are really eagerly looking forward to be driving, 
although there is a price increase taken by competition and there is this sense or 
feeling that intensity is low. We believe that competitive intensity underlying intensity 
is still what this industry has been used to or has been seeing in the past continues. 
So we are not really looking to a price increase driven growth. We continue to believe 
in driving our growth through patient and sample volume addition and mix 
improvements. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I get to the point of price increases, not the route. But in terms of the patient volume 
growth, I'm just trying to envisage a scenario what will that one or two variables be? 
Because in terms of branding, we are one of the oldest companies. In terms of cost 
per sample, we are amongst one of the best. So why is that volume growth not really 
coming through for us? So, is it going to be some of the newer tests, which will 
contribute more or some specific convenience factor from a consumer standpoint? I 
was more trying to understand that. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Okay. This is Om here. I don't think we should really get hung up on just the volume 
number, okay. As I mentioned to you, I think there's a lot of interplay between test 
per patient and the footfall. The volume number that we are talking about technically 
is a footfall. It's not a unique patient. I think the question that you asked is a very 
great question in terms of what is the variable which we probably need to address to 
look at the entire market. My view is that any category, if you pick up, they're always 
bucketed into three price points: One is the premium end, mass market and the 
discount end. 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Right now, I think Dr. Lal PathLabs fuddles in all these three segments. As we go 
forward, we'll have to carefully segment the market and design our proposition in 
such a way that premium customer gets premium service, but at a premium price as 
well. Discount customer gets discounted service at a discount price. Now getting it 
offered under same names sometimes is very, very difficult to achieve that in the 
same market. 
To me, I think we'll have to probably look at that. That is where, somebody used to 
ask me that Suburban, are you going to keep it separately, the answer is yes. It has 
multi-brand strategy and also different services and at different price points. I think 
we are reaching at that stage where market will have to address these things as we 
go forward. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Anshul Agrawal from Emkay Global. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
So, considering in the last quarter, we have seen some upward pricing action from 
online players as well as other national chains. Do you believe that our volume 
growth is a result of this pricing action since you have not taken any hikes and follow-
up on that would be then could these be our sustainable volumes considering that 
we are not looking to take a price hike in the next few quarters? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It's early days, and some of these competition that you are talking about, our friction 
with these guys is not really head on, except in few cities. The markets where we are 
present, actually, we don't really compete too much with them. The early sort of a 
sign of increase in volume that we are seeing maybe 2. A). of course, base effect 
because last year, volume growth has not been that much. Second could also be 
that, which I'm not fully sure, but I still will make that point. I get a sense that last two 
years, non-COVID volume also was being influenced by COVID. As that has gone 
away now, we are actually in a clean base, and we are seeing now original non-
COVID volume, so to call it. I think from here on, we'll have to probably wait it out for 
another quarter before we start making any sort of view on this. But definitely, 
directionally, I'm seeing a better volume growth than what we have seen on a year 
basis. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. And another question on competitive intensity, Dr. Om, if I may. So, 
considering that one of the other listed regional chain is getting very aggressive in 
Pune. How do we aim to protect or expand our market share or suburban's market 
share in the Pune region? Are there any thoughts around this? Any strategy? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: First of all, I think market is very large. So, it's that organized players, put together is 
not even 15% of the total market. So, there is a lot to gain for all of us from 
unorganized space. And if I were to guess the name of this company, which is 
probably they are more an integrated business of radiology and pathology compared 
to us, which is just pathology. So, right now, our business model is to actually play 
more in pathology, which is more hub-and-spoke model, low capex, high ROCE v/s, 
let's say, take integrated model. While both models are well proven, there's nothing 
wrong with the other side as well. But I would say the market is large enough for all 
of us to stay. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Sure. Just one last question from my end. Any sense on what would our SSG volume 
growths would be for the current year and the contribution from the new centers? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
I think, Anshul, we don't track like this because like Dr. Om was mentioning hub and 
spoke, so we have geography or a cluster where we have lab is one. But we have 
collection center, and we have pick points around that. So as a cluster or geography, 
we track but as a same-store, we don't look at that way. But separately if you see 
Delhi as a political state, probably we are not expanding that much, which is growing, 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
let's suppose high single digit. That is where you can look at, and rest is coming from 
the new infra or expansion of higher growth in the newer markets. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. Very clear. Just one last question from my end for Ved-ji probably. Just as you 
mentioned that gross margins would remain range-bound. Any thoughts around 
EBITDA margins, given our expansion plan? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
I think we are saying pre-COVID level margins, which is around 26% EBITDA margin, 
where we are confident that we can maintain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainil Shah from JM Financial. 
Jainil Shah: 
My first question is on our guidance for next year. So, we alluded to our growth being 
higher in FY25. So just wanted to understand how much will be volume-driven and 
how much will be price-driven and how much growth are we budgeting for suburban 
here? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think the way we look at our numbers is that internally, the view is that we should 
probably not take a price increase as things stand today. If we don't do that, I would 
say that we will probably better our growth slightly than what we have delivered in 
FY24 without the price increase. The next question is, where is it going to come 
from? It's going to be a combination of both volume as well as number of tests per 
patient, and maybe a mix also because we are seeing higher end tests, also being 
prescribed more. So, our internal sort of desire is to beat the last year growth without 
the price increase. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sure. And would you say that FY24, at least 4Q, we would not be having any COVID 
revenues? So essentially, we've grown at around 14% on a non-COVID base? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, right now COVID was not there, that is fine. But what is the other thing you said 
14%. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So full year, growth is 10.4%. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So I think the best way to look at the following. We are exiting the year, which is Q4 
at 11.1% revenue, okay, which is primarily without any COVID impact, either in the 
base or in current year, right. More or less. Now this 11.1% has an advantage of one 
month where there was no price increase, has a disadvantage of base of two months, 
which is Feb and March. If we continue without the price increase, we are confident 
that we should be on this number or slightly better. 
Jainil Shah: 
And just wanted full year revenue and EBITDA for suburban? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: This year? 
Jainil Shah: 
FY24, yes. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
This year, we did Rs. 164 Crore revenue for suburban. 
Jainil Shah: 
And EBITDA would be? Or we are incurring losses there because of the selling lab? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
17% EBITDA margins. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, that is for the quarter. Full year? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Full year is about 12%-13%. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Full year is 13%, Q4 is 17%. 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shaleen Kumar from UBS Securities India. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Sir, just a clarification, right? Most of my questions have been answered. So, Ved sir 
has been saying that our margins should be pre-COVID level 26%, right? But you 
have already delivered more than 27%. And I understand, let's say, gross margin 
remains where they are, but there is definitely going to be operating leverage. Now 
two things can happen from here, either your margins will expand or probably you 
said you want to invest in growth, which means that growth expansion should 
happen, right? So, is my understanding right that you have decided to invest in 
growth and then the growth uptick will happen while margin may remain where they 
are, with a lag, that's okay, but that's the idea, right? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think Ved was explaining gross margin, there's hardly any scope left now for gross 
margins to improve. And your point of operating leverage is definitely valid that if we 
grow from here organically, you may see expansion of EBITDA margins. But we want 
to really plough it back into the market going to Tier-3, Tier-4 towns, where maybe 
pricing could be, may not be exactly the way Tier-1 pricing is, where our cost 
structure may be very different. But we will try and invest more behind growth rather 
than expanding our margins.  
Shaleen Kumar: 
Which is fine. Sir, my question was that, that will reflect in our growth, maybe with a 
lag over a medium term, right? So that's the way we should look at it, right? And the 
main part of that will come in. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, ultimately, because there are so many white spaces in the market, our company 
has to focus on growth. There's no doubt about that. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Which is fine with us, sir. I just wanted to have a clarification on that. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, no. It's very clear. And that would also include M&A as well. So, it's not that, 
while it may be a bit of a time since we did last M&A, but that has not been our eyes 
are not on inorganic. We will also search for inorganic. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Would you actually answer my second question, because you're already close to Rs. 
1,000 Crore of cash. And I mean, you will be generating roughly Rs. 400 Crore of 
cash on average. So is this something, which we can expect in the near term in terms 
of the organic?. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I don't know, right? Let's just see how it goes. Right now, there's nothing that we can 
share with you. But definitely, it's part of our stated strategy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Chawla from Antique Stock Broking. 
Pranav Chawla: 
I think we highlighted we plan to add around 20 hubs going forward. So, can you 
allude us, what time line and what CAPEX kind are we looking at? And what regions 
this will be in? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: See, our average capex for this normally is about Rs. 50-60 Crore, which is a 
combination of investments in IT, investments in instruments, investments in labs. 
So I would say that will continue. It's about Rs, 60-odd Crore of normal CAPEX. Most 
of these expansion on opening labs primarily been in Northern part of India and rest 
of north, essentially where our brand is strong. That is where we are seeing better 
traction for the business for our lines. I think that's where we will go. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Perfect. And sir, what markets we'll be looking for inorganic expansion? Because I 
think Calcutta, East, we have been trying to grow organically and still the size of the 
business is pretty small. Same is the case with I think West is also now at 15%. So 
what target markets we'll be looking at? 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think the answer is in these numbers only, so just 31 Delhi NCR, 31 rest of North, 
15 East, 15 West, South is only 6. So these numbers are telling me where I should 
go. So obviously, South is one, definitely number one priority. It's not that we can't 
do M&A in other markets as well, but sometimes it becomes very challenging 
because with same surveys, a lot of friction that happens on the ground in terms of 
teams, in terms of brands. It's always better to go in those markets where brand 
presence for Dr. Lal PathLabs is weaker. And in any case, we are not doing these 
M&As to ramp up our top line, we are doing it more as a market entry strategy. So it 
is natural for us to look at in those places where our business is weak, which, to my 
mind right now it looks like South is the place. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Sir, any large players or large competition in these markets like that we may explore, 
like number two, number three players.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No. I think we are indifferent size. My sense is we look at even not just region, we 
also look at just city level entry as well. So we are open to even smaller size 
acquisitions as well. So there's nothing that holds us back. In fact, our PUPL, we 
haven't talked about it much. But places like Indore, places like Baroda, we've 
actually bought individual labs, which was just about Rs. 8-10 crore as well. Now 
since the number is small, they don't come up on the radar for us for discussion. But 
we are open to doing those tuck-in acquisitions as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak Capital. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
I'm sorry if you already answered this sir, but for the full year and for the quarter, if 
you can just give how much growth came from pure realization increase, like-to-like 
realization increase, not the effect of mix? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Taking out the mix impact. You mean due to price? 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Just from price increase, not coming from any mix effect or anything. Just your price 
increase, how much growth came for the full year and for the quarter? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Just pure price, we got realization benefit of 3.5% for full year. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: On a year basis, but it's lesser in Q4. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
In Q4, it is lesser. But on a full year basis, 3.5% is pure increase driven, which is for 
full year. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
And this is annualized in this year? This got annualized in Q4 now, right? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes. So the Q4 contribution of price increase is only about 1%, 1.1% or something. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
1%, okay. And provided if you don't take any price increase further, then this will be 
almost negligible in the coming quarters, right? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Impact of price, that's what we are saying that we want to beat the last year growth 
without the price increase this year. 
Moderator: 
This will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Sumit Gupta from 
Centrum India. 
Sumit Gupta: 
So just want to understand about like pricing scenario for overall test menu. So just 
can you highlight like how much is the specialized test menu? Like what kind of price 
increase are you taking in the specialized menu v/s obviously the routine test? 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Classification: Confidential
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No. as of now, we don't plan to take any price increase neither on specialized nor on 
routine. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. And how much is the specialized test menu as the overall test menu, 
specialized and overall test menu? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So specialized portfolio today for Q4 has contributed to about 20% of our overall 
revenue. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: And by the way, they are not comparable because each company may have its own 
definition of specialized, so just keep that in mind as well. So it's not that somebody 
tells you that they're specialized menu is 30%, you start assuming that we're lower. 
So everybody has his own way for defining these tests. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take one more question, which is from the line of 
Shaleen Kumar from UBS Securities India . 
Shaleen Kumar: 
So when you said that you will be delivering better performance compared to FY24 
and there will not be any price increase there, right? So assuming that our sample 
per patient growth would be similar of what we have in FY24, so we are looking at 
roughly high single digit of volume patient growth. Is that the right thing? At least, if 
not high, that means it is something like 7% odd kind of a growth quarterly? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, no. How it is 10%? 
Shaleen Kumar: 
No, no 6%-7%, not 10%. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Okay. It's a bit early. Yes, I think that's the sort of target we are keeping in our mind 
that it must definitely move beyond 5%-6%. Because I think for year basis, right now, 
this year is about 3%? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
3.2%. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 3.2%. We want to see definitely this number moving up. And should be about 6% 
quarterly was the better number, yes, you're right. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
So basically, even if 12% revenue growth we're looking at, 5% coming from higher 
tests.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So Shaleen, I think that depends on how ramp up on Swasthfit happens because 
that will give us a higher number of tests per patient. But you are right, we are looking 
at definitely, if you look at this quarter exit, which is 11.1%, has some advantage of 
base in pricing due to pricing. But we want a really better base and with a 
combination of volume as well as number of test per patient. But tests per patient, in 
any case, is baked in. So most of the growth will come for higher volume growth. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you, everyone, for being with us on this call today. We express our gratitude 
for your continuous trust and support. I hope we are able to answer all your queries 
satisfactorily. Please feel free to reach out to us in case you have any further 
questions or queries. Thank you once again. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
