AR HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
06" June 2024 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Maharashtra, India 
Bandra (East) 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: 
Transcript of Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on 
Thursday, 30™ May 2024 at 03:30 P.M. IST. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director- Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Correspondence: 
Tel: +91 124 4910100 
Fax 
44910199 
www 
sambi coin 
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2024.06.06 16:15:35 +05'30'

SAMHI 
—=SALART HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
== 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 30, 2024 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 30® May 2024 will prevail. 
SAN 
—SALART HOTEL INVESTMEN 
TS = 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GYANA DAS — EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND HEAD OF INVESTMENTS 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTMENTS 
Page 1 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY24 Eamings Conference call of SAMHI 
Hotels Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala, MD and CEO of SAMHI Hotels 
Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Thank you so much. Good afiernoon everyone and thank you for taking out time today. With 
me T have Gyana Das who s the Executive Vice President and Head of Investment, Rajat Mehra 
who is Chicf Financial Officer, Nakul Manaktala who is Vice President of Investments and also 
our Iivestor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. 
We have uploaded our result presentation on the exchanges and I hope eversbody had an 
opportunity to go through the same. To begin with, I will request Rajat to give us a summary of 
financial performance after which I will give you a small bricf on business and then open the 
floor for Q&A. Rajat, over to you. 
Good afternoon. Our asset income for Q4 FY24 increased by 35% YoY from INR 208 crores to 
INR 281 crores. Oceupancy remained healthy at 76% with majority of RevPAR growth being 
drivenby rates. EBITDA for Q4 FY24 prior 
to changes with respect to ESOP was INR108 crores 
ahealthy increase of 36% over the same period last year and representing a margin of 37%. This 
included a one-time cost in corporate G&A relating to the ACIC integration. Ona full-year basis, 
our asset income increased from INR750 crores in FY23 to INR963 crores in FY24 representing 
an increase of 28%. 
EBITDA prior to ESOP for the full year increased from INR 263 crores in FY23 to INR 348 
crores in FY24 representing an increase of 32%. With strong operational performance and 
continuous reduction in finance cost, I am happy to inform you that the company has reported 
positive PAT of INR 11 crores for the quarter. However, if we were to include ACIC 
performance for that period that is not consolidated in our financial statements, that we report as 
pro-forma, we have reached a strategic milestone of revemues crossing INR 1,000 crores and 
EBITDA pre ESOP at INR 368 crores which provides the company a solid base for future growth 
in FY25 and beyond. 
Our Net Debt 
stands at INR1,824 crores which is about 4.9 times EBITDA for a full-year period 
on a pro-forma basis. Given strong performance and reduced leverage, we have been able to 
reduce our cost of debt from 13% pre-IPO to about 9.8% and have further room for reduction in 
the coming quarters. In the second half of FY24, post the PO, the business produced about 
INR100 crores of incremental free cash post-debt servicing. 
Our total cash balance is about INR 260 crores and growing cach quarter with frce cash from 
the business. This gives us tremendous flexibility to achieve both our goals, that is growth as 
well as further reduction of debt. I will now request Ashish to take us through market and 
business updates. 
Page 2 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Thanks, Rajat. So I will start by reiterating that the pro-forma performance for FY25 which as 
Rajat clarified included ACIC performance for the non-consolidated period. It actually truly 
reflects the potential for SAMHL So we actually start FY25 with a portfolio which has delivered 
INR 1,000 crores of revenue, an EBITDA of about INR 370 crores and we have gotten the 
business to deliver profits in the last quarter. So how do we use this base to grow? I will focus 
on three areas. 
First is market performance and our ability to leverage that, Second is operational performance 
of the business and opportunities therein and the last bit is about the opportunity, ability and the 
direction to grow SAMHIL On market performance, the macro environment remains very 
promising and I am very pleased 
with the efforts my team has put in creating a large portfolio in 
some of the strongest performing markets across India. 
Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune and NCR are the top markets in India for aviation growth over the 
past decade and also basis the size of the office space per hotel room. These would also be the 
top four markets for SAMHI in terms of revenue and contribute about 70% of our total revenue 
in the last year. 
These locations and also the strong brand partnerships that we have will continue to drive our 
hotels to capitalize on a very strong matket opportunity. Given our locations across all key office 
markets other than Murbai, and across price points, we remain very well positioned to capitalize 
on India's growth story. 
Our overall portfolio RevPAR growth was 17% Yo and each of the segments we operate in 
have delivered good RevPAR growth, though with some variance. 
Our Upper Upscale segment, which represents about 43% of our total revenue, leads the pack 
and delivered a 22% RevPAR growth for the entire year. Given these hotels arc located in key 
markets of Bangalore, Hyderabad, Punc and Gurgaon, we sce RevPAR growth in these hotels 
growing at a higher pace than for comparable Upscale, Upper Upscale hotels in other markets. 
In terms of operational performance, we sce tremendous value to be unlocked in our operating 
‘margins during FY25. 
For the last reported quarter, i.c. Q4, we reported an EBITDA margin of about 33%. This was 
basis an asset level EBITDA of 41%, a further 3% expense for corporate G&A and an additional 
4% cost towards ESOP costs. This breakup is important because we see material reduction in 
ESOP expenses during FY25. Corporate G&A which saw an increase in FY25 will also see 
‘material reduction during FY25 and will reverse to FY23 numbers if not below, as the ACIC 
corporate team integration is now completed. 
ACIC portfolio that you know we acquired in August had reported a 30% EBITDA margin for 
the period prior to acquisition has already reached 37.5% EBITDA in the sccond half and almost 
touching 39% in the last quarter. Therefore, we sec a margin expand by about 3 percentage 
points in FY25 even if we take the same revenue levels. And again, there will be some quarterly 
variations, but overall for the entire year we feel fairly confident that there is an inherent 
cmbedded advantage for our P&L. 
Page 3 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Moderator: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
The last bit is about opportunity and ability to grow and first I will take up some low hanging 
uits. So we are ready to open about 300 new rooms in the next few months. This includes the 
first hotel in Kolkata, rebranding of our hotel in Greater Noida, an addition of 54 rooms to our 
existing Holiday Inn Express hotel in Bangalore. 
Since this inventory will 
be opened 
by beginning of quarter 3, we expect this inventory to benefit 
from a relatively stronger H2 during FY25. We are also in the planning stages to renovate and 
rebrand two of our other large hotels and this will further help us drive their performance. 
We now have a strong visibility of fiec cash from business. If I take the last 6 months run rate 
of INR100 crores free cash, we xpect to accumulate a mininmum of INR 450 crores of cash in 
the next few years adding to about INR 260 crores of cash we hold with us today. We will use 
this to pare down our debt, renovate our existing hotels, but in addition to that we are evaluating 
certain opportunities to continue to grow SAMHT’s portfolio. 
These follow our cardinal rules. Stick to core markets. Do not take the development risk and 
maintain a discount to replacement costs. Thank you for your time and we will now take 
questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats team on first quarter of operational turnaround. Firstly, 
just a clasification in the investor presentation you have mentioned about INR225, INR250 
crores of free cash flows in FY25. Could you confirm if the same is after reducing around 
INR200 crores of interest payment. So if you could just confirm that? 
That's right, Karan. 
So resultantly Ashish what kind of debt reduction do you foresee by end of FY25 and starting 
which quarter do you really start secing an inflection point in terms of free cash flows translating 
into debt reduction for the business? 
So Karan if you see since just after IPO, our net debt to EBITDA has been falling every quarter. 
We have stated an objective to get to about 3.5 times Net Debt to EBITDA by end of FY25. And 
Ithink given the accunulation of the frec cashin the business we fecl reasonably confident about 
achieving that target. 
So that's our stated target that we should get to about 3.5 times Net Debt to EBITDA by end of 
FY25. Now if you're asking me to give a definitive numerical number on debt as of end of FY25, 
Tl reserve to say that because we're also sceing some incremental EBITDA opportunities both 
from the hotels we arc ready to open and also potentially from some of the growth opportunitics 
that we are pursuing right now. 
Sure. And that's fair. So sccond question Ashish while I look at your exit RevPAR growth which 
has been around mid-teens, do you belicve you can sustain this or pethaps a low-teens sort of a 
RevPAR growth in FY25-26 as well given going by the results you've scen with other listed 
Page 4 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Yash: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
compaics in the overall industry? I think the RevPAR growth has seen some moderation in 
potentially the fourth quarter of last year. So how should we read that and even in April? 
So Karan quarter-on-quarter RevPAR growth sometimes tends to be a little misleading. If we 
look at the full-year RevPAR growth for most of the players at least the ones who reported we've 
scen thatto be in the mid-teen ranges. When we look at the growth in demand coming in the key 
‘markets and we extrapolate that against these very well-known supply growth, there is no reason 
to believe that the industry cannot sustain. As you rightly said an carly teen to a mid-teen 
RevPAR growth. 
We've always said that we will be happy if the markets that we are in can operate anywhere 
between high single-digit to carly double-digit RevPAR growth because there 
is operating 
leverage that results in pretty good EBITDA growth. 
Sure. And thirdly, Ashish I think last quarter obviously we've seen some issues with the Navi 
Mumbai acquisition. So any update on the Navi Mumbai land issu at this point or is it still 
under litigation? 
So it is still subjudice. The courts are closed. We will not comment on anything which is 
subjudice, but we continue to believe that we have both a strong case and also very strong merits 
to undertake that development. We have communicated that to the authorities. We still expect a 
favorable response and outcome. But as I said because the matter is subjudice, I would not 
comment beyond that. 
Sure. And lastly if I look at the fourth quarter your other expenses have increased almost 16% 
Q-0-Q versus 4% growth in revenue. So what cxplains the delta of around INR17 crores this 
quarter? Is there any one-off there or i it just normal business? 
No, that actually includes a onc-off. So as you know we acquired ACIC in August of 2023. We 
have indicated an integration of that business with ours and integration happens at two levels. 
One i the corporate level and then obviously at the hotel level. At the hotel level the integration 
is going very well. 
You've seen the margins expand. We have taken a one-time cost of about INR4.5 - 5 crores in 
quarter 4 on account of completing the integration of the corporate team. So Karan that's one- 
off and non-repeatable. 
Great. Thank you, Ashish and all the best to you. 
Thank you, Karan. 
Thank you. The next question is from the lin of Yash from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Ijust wanted to understand what would be your interest cost and 
depreciation for FY25? 
Page 5 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Rajat Mehra: 
Yash: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Yash: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
‘With the current pricing that we have reached to a 9.8% and firther reduction, we are expecting 
our interest cost to be in the range of about INR 200 crores for next year. And our guidance for 
depreciation is about INR 130 odd crores. 
So I was just trying to understand more in terms of, 
I mean, how confident are you on a huge 
delta of PAT for FY25 or you think given the sort of or you think that the growth will more sort 
of come from increased level of RevPAR I'm just trying 
to understand what makes you confident 
that we'll sustain profitability going ahead this year? 
Sol think there are a couple of pivots to maintaining PAT growth. First, of course, as you rightly 
said is facing healthy RevPAR growth, but I think people often focus too much on RevPAR 
growth. We need to also focus on operating leverage. So if you look at our investor presentation, 
we have segregated same store from overall company and that's important because for a high 
growth company like ours acquisitions can always lead 
to a good revenue and EBITDA growth. 
If you look at the same store approximately 13%, 14% revenue growth led to about 19% 
EBITDA growth and that's operating leverage. So thercfore we believe that we're not necessarily 
dependent on high teens revenue growth or RevPAR growth. All we need is the market to 
‘maintain as Karan said carlicr, catly tecns RevPAR growth which should deliver a really healthy 
EBITDA growth. So that's one delta. 
The sccond big delta is, as I said, production and corporate G&A. So rather than doing that picce 
by piece you're expecting about 4 to 5% point improvement in EBITDA on the same revenue 
itself. So if you take a total revenue of about INR 1000 crores which is on a pro-forma basis, 
you're almost getting INR40 crores to INRS0 crores added to the PAT because of the 
improvement in ESOP expenses and corporate G&A- 
And on top of that if the market delivers another 10% revenue growth which is about, let's say, 
additional INR100 crores of revenue growth, you will scc a commensurate EBITDA growth 
coming fromthe business. So when you combine the market opportunity being delivered through 
RevPAR, operating performance through the flow-through or the EBITDA expansions, 
a 
definitive decrease in ESOP and corporate G&A. I think we'll remain fairly confident about 
delivering a very differentiated EBITDA, PAT in FY25 and I'm not even relying on certain 
accounting gains that Rajat is hitting on which Rajat can speak to all of you about actually. 
Soif you see in the quatter 4 results there's an exception income of about INR3 crores which is 
actually a reversal of an impairment hit that we had taken. In 2020 when we actually entered 
COVID there was a large hit of impairment expense that we booked in our books. And as we 
speak, we are actually sitting on about INR660 crores of that impairment losses which includes 
the write-off 
that we took for the Navi Mumbai as well 
Now as we go along, when auditors are looking at the performance of the hotel, for one of the 
hotels, they have reversed impairment. And as we go along during the year you wil see similar 
kind of reversal of impairments over this year as well as next year. 
Okay. So would that be a significantly large number this year or that again depends on how the 
auditors see it out of the INR660 crores? 
Page 6 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Rajat Mehra: 
Yash: 
Moderator: 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Bhaskar Chaudl 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
I don't want to give a specific number to this and leaving aside what's the outcome of the Navi 
Mumbai, but I still feel there's going to be a decent amount of reversal that we can expect. Along 
with that, we are also sitting on a huge amount of tax losses against which we never created a 
deferred tax asset. Now as our companics are urning positive and one of the companics actually 
tumed positive last year, we are also expecting deferred tax asscts to be created. 
And at this point of time by March end we are sitting on close to about INR600 crores of such 
deferred tax assets which are ot recognized in the books. And so those are also some kind of 
an accounting write back that you would sce coming over this year, next year. So impairment 
reversal you can sce during the year, but most likely the deferred tax creation of the assets will 
happen by the end of the year. 
But we arc pretty confident that some bit of reversal will definitely hit both on the impairment 
reversal as well as creation of deferred tax. 
Sure. Thank you. Very clear. Thanks. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak Sceuritics. Please 
g0 abead. 
Yeah. Hi, gentlemen. Just a question on the Caspia Pro Greater Noida which is currently under 
renovation. So when we say it's under renovation does it mean that it in a complete shutdown 
mode or it in a partial shutdown mode how doss it work? And how soon do we expect it to be 
back and up in terms of the new rebranded hotel? 
Yeah, Murtuza, Greater Noida Caspia Pro is in a full shutdown mode since February of this year 
and this hotel will reopen in October. 
Okay. Thank you. 
Alongside Calcutta and additional rooms in Bangalore as [ mentioned carlicr. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhaskar Chaudbry from Entrust. Please go ahead. 
So a couple of questions on the pipeline. Could you tell us quarter wise how many rooms are 
you adding for the next 2 years? And what is the capex that you will need to incur for these and 
how much have you already incurred? 
So Bhaskar we arc adding about. Okay. So for Greater Noida we arc having 137 rooms. These 
rooms were open till about January and then we shut them down for full renovation and 
rebranding. So these 137 rooms, alongside 111 rooms in Kolkata and 54 rooms in Bangalore 
‘Whiteficld, gives us a total of 302 rooms. As it happens, they will all open in the quarter ending 
September starting October. So that's the zip code. 
After that, we don't have any openings during the course of the year. Next year we add 
apartments to our Hyatt Regency in Pune. We add about 22 apartments to that hotel. We are also 
then undertaking expansion of our hotel in Chennai, Sriperumbudur. Currently, we have 155 
rooms. We expect to add about 86 rooms to that hotel, but Hyatt Regency Pune we expect to add 
Page 7 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Bhaskar Chaudl 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Bhaskar Chaudl 
Moderator: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
the apartments by same time next year. Stiperumbudur we have not started the work as yet. So 
we would not like to give a definitive opening date for that. This obviously excludes any new 
opportunities that we can identify. 
And as I stated in my opening remarks we stay away from Greenficld development and anything 
we would look at as an opportunity will always be a quick capex to revemue cycle, So that we 
can't discuss today. As and when we find those opportunitics and secure them, we can obviously 
discuss those as well. 
So any quick capex that you're planning to do for these three, four additions and Brownfield 
expansion? 
So for the three hotels that are about to open, we have actually incurred large part of the capital 
expenditure. The total capital expenditure we have actually spent is about INR 30 crores. So 
only on these three hotels about INR 70 crores was the total capital expenditure. 30 spent, 40 is 
what we'll spend in the next quarter. 
Okay. 40 to be spent. 
That's right. 
Okay thanks. T'll come back in the queue. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. I just wanted 
to dive into one of the carlicr questions on RevPAR guidance. So you said high single digits to 
low double digits is what we can expect going ahead. Could you provide some sort of granularity 
on amongst our three segments where would you probably sce the higher end of the RevPAR or 
would it be divided kind of value? 
So Raghav Im sorry to bust the myth, but we don't think RevPAR has moved by scgment. They 
actually move by cities and this has been a raging debate in our ccosystem. So if you look at 
cities and in our investor presentation slide 17 we have the city-wise RevPAR growth where you 
can clearly see that you pick the large office aviation markets, they've all grown, Hyderabad 
22, 
Bangalore 12, Delhi 24, Pune 17 so on and so forth. 
And its the other cities which arc lagging at about 6% RevPAR growth. So we continue to 
believe that the RevPAR growth story is very relevant to cities and markets and within those 
markets, if that city is growing well, all scgments will tend to benefit. We haven't really scen in 
the same micro market different segments behaving differently in tems of RevPAR growth. 
There are always differences numerically, but not really material to discuss. 
We belicve that Hyderabad and Bangalore are getting so much of new office supply and if you 
look at the data that we've been able to collcet for last year, Bangalore added 14 million square 
feet of new office space, Hyderabad 7.5 million square fect of new office space and that's really 
Page 8 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
ahead of, let's say something like a Delhi-Mumbai which is 5.2 million and 6.2 million 
respectively. 
So these two cities clearly in our opinion are leading the pack in terms of expansion of organized 
market And we are direct bencfactor of when the organized markets grow. So we believe 
Bangalore and Hyderabad are poised to continue to grow really strong. In terms of absolute 
RevPAR, we believe Hyderabad still can catch up to Bangalore and therefore can deliver higher 
growth in the next 2 years, but both these markets put together shouild deliver casily mid-teen 
RevPAR growth. 
So I think for us we believe that its a very market-driven outcome. That's what we've always 
focussed on and listen I have no surprises. I think 100 years back Conrad Hilton said that there’s 
three things important in a hotel: location, location, and location. And we see that when you look 
at slide number 17, the big cities are driving RevPAR growth. So I think I remain very upbeat 
when I look at the growth of the office matket. I remain very upbeat when I realize that the air 
passenger movement has crossed last peak of 68 million to get to 69 million passengers in the 
Instreported quarter. Put these few things together and negligible supply, I think statistics clearly 
are showing a very strong RevPAR growth and that's the basis of our guidance. s not a hope. 
It's not an expectation. It's just statistical derivation from demand and supply. 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you for that detailed answer. I have just one more question if I can 
g0 ahead. So in the Upper Mid-scale asscts that we have which is a majority of our revenue, it 
appears that oceupancy out here is slightly lower than our average oceupancy that we've scen. 
Just wanted to understand if that is because of the integration of the ACIC portfolio and addition 
of new rooms or is it like a portfolio-specific? 
Tust, Raghav clarifying. You're talking about Upper Mid-scale, right? 
Yes sir upper Mid-Scale Slide 24 I think in your presentation. 
So Upper Mid-scale includes, if you look at slide 24, that actually includes the ACIC portfolio. 
Also, if you look at the fact the Upper Mid-scale has a higher proportion of other citics, the 
Coimbatore, the Vizag, Goa. So Upper Mid-scale clearly saw a little bit of relatively lower 
RevPAR growth compared to an Upper Upscale as a combination of the fact that it has some 
portion of ACIC. 
It has some portion of hotels which have not been yet renovated and rebranded like Caspia in 
Delhi and also the fact there are markets like Vizag, Coimbatore and Goa which have ot 
performed as good as the larger markets. They're all doing well to be clear, but not as strong as 
the bigger markets. 
If you look at and just to clarify actually the contribution of this segment to our total revenue is 
about 42%. About equal contribution comes from our Upper Upscale & Upscale. That segment 
Raghav on an yearly basis, delivered a 22% RevPAR growth. And I would like to take your 
attention to that. There's a lot of future strategy built into that. Why has our upper upscale 
delivered a 22% RevPAR when most other Upper Upscale portfolios have delivered 15%, 16% 
RevPAR growth. 
Page 9 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Raghav Malik: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
And the answer lies in the fact that our Upper Upscale & Upscale is concentrated in Hyderabad, 
Bangalore and then, of course, sprinkling in Dehli and Ahmadabad, but majority is Hyderabad 
and Bangalore. So our Upper Upscale has delivered 22% RevPARgrowth, but thats not the 
segment which is the hero. The fact is it is maturity Hyderabad, Bangalore which are the heroes 
within there. 
Okay, so again city-specific is the way to kind of look at this. Got it. Okay, thank you. I'l come 
back in a few. Thank you so much. 
Thanks Ragha. 
Thank you. Well take our next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for this opportunity. Can you spell out how nmuch is the ACIC revenue and the EBITDA 
in the current year and what is the scope for improvement in margin for the ACIC portfolio 
alone? 
Soif you look at total income the contribution of ACIC s about INR 134 crores o total revenue. 
That's in the reported financials and the impact in EBITDA is in addition of about INR 48.8 
crores of almost INR 49 crores. So that's the ACIC contribution to the overall portfolio in FY24. 
So that's your first question. 
I think your second question was with respect to the margins. So in H2 of FY24 which is period 
post-acquisition, ACIC has delivered a margin of 37.5%. This is what we call assct EBITDA 
and this compares to about 42% assct EBITDA for Non-ACIC hotels. 
Yeah. So that much scope is there? 
Yes. As 
I mentioned Sunil, in quarter 4 this portfolio already reached 30%, but full admission 
quarter 4 is a strong quarter. So I would not say that that's copy and paste for the rest of the year 
withoutincremental cfforts, but absolutely we think ACIC portolio should deliver an asset-level 
EBITDA of 42% and above. And interestingly as we integrate that completely, it will also have 
asnowball effect on our balanced Marriott operated hotels. Because ACIC is all Marriott brands. 
So whatever was the operating expense in our pre ACIC Mariott operated hotels eventually they 
will also benefit in terms of some margin expansion because some of the cluster overheads that 
we have there would get amortized of over 6 additional hotels. 
Yes true. And whether we need to do some capex or some expenses to make it full-fledged? 
INR 25 crores. 
And that will be over a period of what? 
So we've already started that work. We believe over the next two quarters we'll spend about 
INR25 crores in the entire ACIC portfolio for it to be fully integrated. So there are really two 
Page 10 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
steps to doing that Sunil. The first was making sure these hotels. So there were really three things 
o be done. 
The first was the integration of the corporate office. The second was to cnsure that these hotels 
would be sales and revenue support from Marriott. And third would be then transitioning into a 
full management contract under Marriott, So we've ticked the first two boxes which s integration 
of the corporate infrastructure that is why we took a hit of INR 4 crores in the last quarter in our 
corporate G&A, but we'll go back to what it used to be. 
These hotels are now being sold by Marriott sales and revenue cluster teams across citics starting 
February. So we will sce some improvement and how they are priced and the last bit as they 
move towards a full management contract is when you'll start releasing the full bencfits. So all 
that process is going to take another quarter to two and during which well have to spend that 
money. 
Okay. And second question is related to the city-wise matket. This Bangalore no doubt a lot of 
office addition are there, but the IT industry is not adding any workforce over there, So are you 
sceing any impact of that or likely to see? 
So Sunil good news. India is a real cconomy and no longer a call center and that reflects in 
Bangalore also. So if you see at page number 21 of the investor presentation you would realize 
that the contribution of [T/ITeS to room sales has gone down from almost 15% to about 10%. 
So even in a city like Bangalore we were used to sce IT/ITeS contribute about 28% to the total 
revenucs and that over the years has now come down to about 17%, 18%. 
So yes I[T/ITeS potentially is sceing some pressurcs, more global than local, but the fact is that 
Bangalore is a macrocosm of India which perhaps 20 years back started as a cheap labor cost 
abitrage destination, but today s a real economy. So Bangalore also over the last 20 years has 
evolved into a large commercial center. A part of that is ITATGS, but a large part of that today 
is you know what business as usual. 
Insurance companics, banking and finance, a lot of tech innovation startups, defense, pharma. 
So good news is that we are now getting our customers from many more segments than we used 
to getlet's say 5 years back. 
That is great. But this Chennai market is sceing extraordinary growth. So anything specific to 
industry or it's our property? 
That's the problem with data Sunil that sometimes it mislcads. So Chennai has two different 
clusters. One 
is the Chennai city and the other is Sriperumbudur. So we have 
a hotel in 
Stiperumbudur and given Indid's focus on Make in India a lot of manufacturing shifting to India 
I am really pleased to report you that the Sriperumbudur Hotel actually saw 37% RevPAR 
growth. 
So it's not whole of Chennai. It is actually the Make in India which is becoming successful, 
largely concentrated in an industrial park called Sriperumbudur. If you were to have asked me 
the same question a decade back, Sunil, T would have said I don't belicve in industrial parks. T 
Page 11 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sunil Jain: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Atul Daga: 
Atul Daga: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Atul Daga: 
Moderator: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
will always go to an office market, but I must admit that now several industrial parks across the 
country are sceing so much of build-up of production capacitics and growth that they are 
becoming really attractive markets for hotels o invest in. 
So this is Sriperumbudur and not just Chennai. This is for people who are looking to invest in 
Chennai, looking at that 31% RevPAR growth. I want to be very transparent its Stiperumbudur 
and not all of Chennai. 
And the last question about April and May. Are we seeing double-digit RevPAR growth YoY? 
No, not in April and May because of the clections, but we are secing good business on books 
coming back for 15 June and further on. We are growing on a YoY basis. That's good in spite 
of the clections and unprecedented heatwave that we are sceing in North India. We continue to 
sce growth YoY basis, but I suspect it may not touch double~digit actoss all hotels. 
Thank you very nuch for answering my question sir. 
Thank you Suil. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Atul Daga from Daga Sceuritics. Please go ahead. 
Sir, can you share the city-wise ROCES if that is possible so that we can cxactly understand the 
return profile because that would be a right metric to look at? 
Yeah. So Atul fantastic question. Can I come back with this answer in the next two minutes if 
you have any other questions. We have this data, but we need two minutes to dig it out. 
No I'will wait that's fine. 
So we'l take another question and then come back to Atul for a response on this. 
Definitely. Yes. 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Dhairya Trivedi from DIT Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a wonderful set of numbers and thanks for taking my question. So, 
can you please claborate on whatare the levers for margin improvement when the ACIC Marriott 
portfolio moves from franchise to manage? 
So interestingly often people think that the cost levers are hidden in the cost lines of the P&L, 
but often those levers are hidden in the revenue line of the P&L. In ACIC what happens is when 
a hotel is operated under a franchise agreement it does not really have the same set of strong 
support from an operator as it would have in a management contract and to replace that business, 
they often have to rely on high-cost customer acquisition channels like OTAs. 
And by the way OTAs are fantastic. They're a great business partner. What's important to note 
is that that business comes at a certain cost. So in ACIC what we were noticing was that the 
Page 12 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
component of business coming from OTAs was disproportionately high and it was subjected to 
avery high commission also. Two things have happencd post our acquisition being integrated 
with the Marriott infrastructure. 
First the commission itself has come down because of the scale that we have and the scale that 
Marriott has honestly. And the sceond is the percentage of business coming from OTAs also 
materially coming down. So because of that we are secing a direct boost to our margins because 
the customer acquisition cost has gone down. So that's part one. 
The part two is really how do you dissect the revenue and if we can probably discuss this in a 
subsequent quarter, but when you look at the revenue if I was to pick one quarter in ACIC, you 
would realize that the revenue growth is very muted, but the EBITDA growth is very healthy 
and the reason for that is that we have decided 
to cffectively shut some parts of business which 
were contributing to revenue, but effectively were not accretive from an EBITDA perspective. 
So we're not just chasing a vanity revenue number or we're not chasing money in the till at the 
and of the day. We're actually chasing business and revenue which is aceretive to us at a profit 
level. So combination of changing the customer acquisition strategy, shutting down some parts 
of businesses which were cffectively in our opinion, zero profit has helped us move the EBITDA 
margin from 30% pre-acquisition to 37.5% post-acquisition. 
And as we said earlier, we are fairly confident that this number will touch about 41%, 42% in 
the next few quarters. 
Very clear. And sir broadly what would be the difference between a franchise arrangement 
versus a management contract? 
Sothe big difference is that in a franchise agreement 
the owner of the hotel s required 
to operate 
the hotel including sales and marketing, Of course, you can sell your hotels through the 
brand.com but you don' get any active sales support ffom them. In a management agreement, 
the management of the day-to-day operations of the hotel are done by the operator and under 
which they also provide you the full support of the National Sales Office and International Sales 
Office side. So that's really the big difference between the two. 
Understood. And sir is it fair to assume that we can do an incremental EBITDA 
of INR 70 odd 
arores from the ACIC portfolio as well as the 300 odd keys that we'll be adding in FY25? 
Sorry, can you repeat you're saying incremental EBITDA of? 
Incremental EBITDA of roughly INR70 odd crores from the ACIC portfolio as well as the 300 
odd keys that we'll be adding in FY25? 
So 300 odd keys that we're adding, they're all Holiday Inn Express hotels and their current 
EBITDA per key would be for Holiday Inn Express hotels around 4.5 lakh, 5 lakh per key so 
that’s really INR 500,000 times 300 rooms that’s the incremental EBITDA coming from those 
300 rooms. ACIC did a total revenue for the year about INR 200 odd crores for the full year. 
The EBITDA from that reported in our P&L was about INR 48 crores. 
Page 13 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Sumant Kumar: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
On a INR 200 crores revenue we expect the margins to be about, with the good margins to be 
about a INR90 crores EBITDA. So you will see about approximately INR4S crores incremental 
EBITDA coming from ACIC. So I would think more about without any revenue growth just the 
‘margin expansion in the opening of those 300 rooms, we believe that number is close to about 
INR 50 odd crores. 
Okay, is this adding both the ACIC as well as the Holiday Inn? 
That's right. 
Okay understood sir. Thank you very much. 
If you allow us we'll answer Atul on his question on the ROCE. So Atul overall, SAMHI's ROCE 
is about 8%, excluding ACIC 10% to 12%. Bangalore is leading the pack at about 20% ROCE, 
20% plus actually. Hyderabad is almost touching about 20% ROCE and the rest of the portfolio 
is ~10%. The smaller markets like Vizag and Coimbatore would be like less than 10%, but 
thankfully their contribution is not very material to our business. 
So, Bangalore is way ahead of 20%, Hyderabad touching 20%, That's really the spread of ROCE 
by cities. 
Thank you, sir. We'll take our next question from the line of Bhaskar Chaudhry from Entrust. 
Please go ahead. 
You've mentioned carlicr in the call that the corporate G&A would be a significant lever for 
increase in profitability. So any number of targets for the next 2 years on that line it was about 
INR 45 crores in FY24? 
Yes, so FY24 was inordinately high because as we said we acquired the ACIC portfolio in 
August. We integrated the team. We got that completed in March. We took some one-time 
settlement expenses and all of that, In FY23 if you realize our corporate overhead was about 
INR29 crores we are fairly confident that in FY25 we expect the next corporate expense, our net 
corporate expense fo go back fo the FY23 level which is about INR 29 odd crores. So about 
INRIS crores savings from that. 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please 
g0 abead. 
Yeah, bi, Ashish. My question regarding you are talking about the city-wise office space addition 
and Bangalore is on the top and then Hyderabad and other cities and I sce that Mumbai is now 
at the bottom. So you are trying to say that Mumbai ARR growth or RevPAR growth is likely 
o be lower compared 
to Bangalore, but when we sc the Bangalore ARR growth in the past was 
lower and Bangalore market is recovering. So can you talk about how the city-wise couple of 
cities versus Mumbai and New Delhi ARR growth or RevPAR growth in next 2 years to 3 years 
outlook? 
Page 14 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
No, Sumant sorry. I apologize if I got misunderstood. We've never said that Mumbai is not a 
grcat maket. We don't have a presence in Mumbai. So our view is that Bangalore, Hyderabad, 
Pune, Delhi, all the core markets we repeat including Mumbai are where bulk of cconomic 
activities will continue to happen. 
Don't forget Mumbai - cities like Mumbai also get impacted because of a very large base so that 
city is already the commercial capital of India for the last I don't know what 50 years, 60 years. 
So it continucs to be a very important city for hotels as well. I believe all core markets and the 
definition of the core makets would continue to be Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, 
Pune, Chennai, Kolkata. 
‘We belicve all core markets will benefit from India's growth story. There may be some scasonal 
variations, but other than that 
I don't think I can pick one over other. We clearly like Bangalore 
and Hyderabad a lot better because the entry is cheaper, the base is lower. The opportunity for 
upside growth is much higher. So that's really a very corporate, internal company's view, but we 
like Mumbai as much and that's why we've been fighting for Navi Mumbai honestly. Otherwise, 
it was not worth the fight. 
So as per your PPT Bangalore and Hyderabad is doing extremely good for you. So can you talk 
about this momentum is likely to continue say compared with the industry also, all the industry 
players? Do you think because of Bangalore has started recovering late compared to other 
markets and there was an issue in the Bangalore market Hyderabad was doing extremely good, 
but Bangalore is doing good currently. So do you think FY23 industry-wise also other players 
overall industry is going to do better in the Bangalore market versus other? 
No, I think we belicve all core markets including Bangalore, will deliver really good results for 
everybody in FY25, FY26. I sce the supply is visible for at least next 3 years if not longer. And 
at least in that 3 year supply horizon we're not sceing any material threat because of new supply. 
On demand, Sumant we have to just ask oursclves a question. If there anything happening to 
Indian cconomy, India's growth story, political administrative reforms, interest from global 
investors and the answer to all of those things is we don't sec anything negative. So if we don't 
sce anything negative on the demand side and we see very muted supply as I said carlier, it's not 
my point of view or an opinion. It's a statistical inference that we're deriving from putting 
demand and supply together. So yes everybody will benefit in core markets and again please it 
docs not mean ofhers will not benefit in other markets, but I'm taking a larger broader view of 
the next 2 years, 3 years from a statistical perspective. Leisure markets are doing exceedingly 
well. They continue to do well, but I think core markets provide a margin of safety that attracts 
us to them. 
And how is the current scenario post-election, how is the forward booking for June month? 
So listen in business hotels the lead time to booking is not very long, but we are sceing very 
g00d business on books for 15 June onwards and July. So even though April and May were 
slightly muted and again let me clarify they still continue to grow over same period last year in 
spite of clections and the heat wave, but obviously they're not growing at 20%, but we have 
started secing good momentum in bookings starting 15 June and then, of course, July onwards. 
Page 15 of 16

Ll 
SAMHI 
Sumant Kumat 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sumant Kumar; 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 30, 2024 
And what about expectation and you have an industry had because of clection the business is 
going to be impacted? That is below or above your expectation? 
No about the same actually if you ask me about the same. I think the heat wave in North Sumant 
was unprecedented especially people who are in Delhi o Ahmedabad or Jaipur and these cities. 
Ithink the heat wave alongside elcetions kind of compounded some issucs, but again 'l reiterate 
before anyone if you start getting worried, we contimue to see in spite of all of that growth on 
RevPAR ona Yo basis and that says a lot about the strength of the industry that it can absorb 
two big events and yet grow ona YoY basis. 
Thank you Ashish. 
Thank you Sumant. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. Iwould now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you so much for your time and your questions. They were all well placed. 
I will reiterate 
the fact that what our asscts delivered in FY25 which is a INR1,000 crores top line and about 
INR360-0dd crores of EBITDA that makes us very excited about where SAMHI is headed in 
the near term. We'll continue to engage with you and provide you what our views are on both 
the scctor and our company and look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. 
Thank you members of the management team. On behalf of SAMHI Hotels Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconneet your lines. 
Page 16 of 16
