May 07, 2024  
DCS-CRD
BSE Limited
First Floor, New Trade Wing
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
Stock Code: 543213
Listing Compliance
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No.C/1, ‘G’Block, Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East Mumbai 400 051 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238
Stock Code: ROSSARI
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on April 30, 2024 for Q4 FY24 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and with reference to our intimation dated April 24, 2024, regarding Earnings 
Conference call with Analyst(s) /Investor(s) held on Tuesday, April 30, 2024, we would like to inform 
that the transcript of the aforesaid conference call is attached herewith and the same is also available on 
the website of the Company at www.rossari.com/announcement under the head ‘Investor Call’.  
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned.
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Rossari Biotech Limited
_______________________ 
Parul Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A38895 
Parul 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Parul Gupta 
Date: 2024.05.07 
13:31:10 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Rossari Biotech Limited  
Q4 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Rossari Biotech Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Rossari Biotech's Q4 and 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Edward Menezes, Promoter 
and Executive Chairman; Mr. Sunil Chari, Promoter and Managing Director; and Mr. 
Ketan Sablok, Group Chief Financial Officer of the company. We will begin the call 
with opening remarks from the management, following which we'll have the forum 
open for a question-and answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the earnings presentation shared with you all here. I would now like to invite Mr. 
Edward Menezes to make his opening remarks. 
Edward Menezes: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on our earnings conference 
call. It's a pleasure to have you with us as we discuss our operational and financial 
performance. We are pleased to report another strong quarter for the company, 
driven by healthy Y-o-Y growth in both revenues and profits. This performance was 
largely driven by the expansion of our HPPC business. While challenges in our TSC 
and AHN divisions persisted due to external industry headwinds, we remain 
optimistic about the recovery of these segments in the upcoming fiscal. 
 
As a company, we have always believed in the power of innovation and accordingly, 
our focus on R&D has been a cornerstone of our success. This has enabled us to 
create unique solutions that meet the evolving demands of our customers. Our R&D 
efforts are built on a deep understanding of market trends, understanding customer 
requirements & references and then delivering quick sustainable solutions. A key 
aspect of our strategy here is our commitment to Green Chemistry, which has been 
part of our DNA since our inception. This drives us to develop environmentally 
friendly products that deliver value to our customers and contribute to a sustainable 
future.  
Our ongoing growth strategy centres on expanding all our businesses divisions. Over 
time, we have developed new verticals with our core chemistries establishing a 

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
strong foundation for future expansion. We believe we are now well positioned to 
scale up these endeavors. We are particularly focused on specialty surfactants, 
phenoxy series, institutional cleaning and performance chemicals. Our recent 
expansion plan at Dahej along with increased its ethoxylation capacity, will allow us 
to meet growing demand in these key segments. Overall, we are confident that our 
robust balance sheet, backed by prudent financial management will support our long-
term growth strategy. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my address, and I now hand over to Mr. Chari for 
his comments. 
Sunil Chari: 
Thank you, Mr. Edward, and a warm Namaste to everyone. It's a privilege to speak 
with you today and share our progress in FY24. 
 
While it has been a challenging period for the industry, Rossari has performed quite 
well, delivering healthy results throughout the year. We are particularly pleased with 
the exceptional performance of our HPPC segment. During this year, we expanded 
our customer base for key HPPC products, leading to a robust 18% growth in this 
division.  
Additionally, we have achieved significant success in exports which have grown 
faster than domestic markets during the year. This growth is a result of our approach 
of targeting new customers in both new and existing geographies.  A highlight in our 
international vertical was the expansion of our presence in Bangladesh, by 
establishing a strong local business development team. By strengthening our 
presence in such high-growth markets, we'll be able to tap into new customers and 
establish stronger relationships in the region.  
Our Institutional Cleaning segment has achieved exceptional results during the year, 
serving major sectors such as airports, railways, hotels and healthcare that rely on 
specialized cleaning solutions. Our initial success in this segment can be attributed 
to a deep understanding of cleaning chemistry, which has enabled us to develop 
tailored products and solutions. Additionally, we provide comprehensive support to 
our customers, ensuring that all their cleaning requirements are met through us.  
Looking back on our journey since our IPO, we take pride in our growth from a Rs. 
700 crore top line to our expected milestone of around Rs. 2,000 crore top line in 
FY25. This remarkable growth, in addition to the successful acquisition of high-
quality acquisitions, reflect our firm commitment to excellence, innovation and 
customer satisfaction. 
 
Our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet and our disciplined approach 
to financial management has also been instrumental in our success. These principles 
will continue to guide us as we expand our operations and explore new opportunities. 
 
We thank you for your continued support, and I would now request Ketan-ji to share 
his perspective. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Thank you, Chari sir, and good evening to everyone. Let me provide you with a brief 
overview of the financial performance for the quarter and for the full year ended 
March 31, 2024.  
We are pleased to report a healthy growth in our operations with revenues improving 
by 16.3% Y-o-Y to reach Rs. 472.7 crore in Q4 FY24. The strong performance of our 
core HPPC division played a key role in driving this growth, registering almost 18% 
Y-o-Y increase.  

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
While our Textile division witnessed a slowdown this quarter, primarily due to 
subdued demand in the textile industry and the softening of prices, volumes have 
remained steady throughout the year. AHN performance was lower due to external 
industry headwinds. We anticipate a rebound in demand both domestically and in 
export markets in the near future, which should lead to a positive turnaround for both 
verticals. In terms of revenue contribution for the quarter, HPPC led with 73%, 
followed by Textile Specialties with 20% and Animal Health with 7%.  
Consolidated EBITDA amounted to Rs. 63.6 crore compared to Rs. 54.6 crore in Q4 
FY23, marking an increase of 16.5% Y-o-Y and remaining consistent Q-o-Q. 
Meanwhile, the PAT stood at Rs. 34.1 crore, up from Rs. 28.9 crore in Q4 FY23, 
reflecting a growth of 17.8% Y-o-Y and a steady Q-o-Q.  
For the full fiscal year FY24, our consolidated total revenues from operations 
reached Rs. 1,830.6 crore, reflecting a 10.5% Y-o-Y increase. HPPC revenue 
amounted to Rs. 1,369 crore, contributing 75% of the total revenue, followed by 
Textile Specialty business, Rs. 354 crore, contributing 19%, and AHN at Rs. 108 
crore, contributing 6%.  
EBITDA for the year stood at Rs. 249.8 crore compared to Rs. 223 crore in FY23, 
marking the highest annual EBITDA, with EBITDA margins of 13.6%. PAT for the 
year amounted to Rs. 130.7 crore compared to Rs. 107.3 crore in FY23, achieving 
the highest annual PAT. 
 
On the gross margin front, we are about 2% lower in Q4. While on the full year basis, 
we are steady at 29%. Some moderation on the selling prices during the quarter 
impacted this fall in the gross margins. Also in the last quarter as well as in the last 
year similar quarter, we had some high-margin tender business, which we are 
missing in the current quarter Q4. Gross margin improvement remains our key goal. 
And strategically, we are aligned to keep improving our gross margins going forward. 
 
On the working capital front, we are a little stretched on the outstanding days. Our 
inventories and receivables have increased during the year. On the inventory front, 
we had planned increase of inventories during March '24 in view of the upcoming 
Agro season, where we had suffered last year due to lack of availability of materials. 
Also during April, one of our key suppliers was going into a planned shutdown. 
Hence, we had to build up stocks at our end. 
 
On receivables, we have a stretch on the Agro side and also some of our government 
tender businesses where the cycle periods are long, have impacted the increase in 
the receivable days. We are taking steps to streamline our working capital across 
businesses, and we will continue to monitor this. Looking ahead, our expansion 
projects at Dahej are progressing as planned and are expected to be completed 
during FY25. These expansions will enable us to meet growing demand in key 
sectors and further strengthen our position in the market. We remain excited about 
our opportunities in our business verticals and believe that our robust R&D 
framework, strong financial base and diverse product portfolio will continue to drive 
our success going forward. 
 
On this note, I would conclude my opening remarks and request the moderator to 
open the forum for any questions that the participants may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management. 
Aditya Chheda 
First question is on the gross margin. In your view, what would be the key figures for 
implementing gross margins going forward? 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Ketan Sablok: 
As I said in my opening remarks, there was a little change in the product mix during 
the quarter, which impacted the gross margin. Also, there was some moderation on 
the selling prices, which has also impacted the gross margins. Our strategy on this 
front is to keep improving on the R&D side, lowering the costs while keeping the 
selling prices intact or increase, depending on how the raw material prices behave. 
But given that now some of the raw material prices are looking to be a little steady, I 
think going forward, we should see some improvement coming on the gross margin. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Right. My next question is on the revenue run rate. We have some of the capacity 
coming up in phases. Are you expecting the revenue run rate to bump up in the 
second half? Or if you want to sort of quantify how are you thinking about top line 
growth for FY25? And which are the quarters where you will start seeing that uptick 
in the revenue run rate, which we are currently at Rs. 470 – 480 crore on consol? 
Ketan Sablok: 
The CAPEX will come onstream in a phased manner. So probably some of the 
CAPEX will come towards the end of Q2 or beginning of Q3. So we should see some 
increase in the revenues. Currently the way the projects are progressing, I would 
say, by Q4, we should see some revenue bump up and the major bump up coming 
into the next year FY26. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Right. Last question from my end. Would you want to give any guidance on the 
revenue front for FY25? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No, it would be a little difficult now at this stage, given what's happening globally, but 
I think we've talked about this earlier also and where we said that we would be 
working towards mid-low double-digit kind of growth. That's what we are seeing now, 
and that's what we've delivered this year. So currently, we would not hazard a guess, 
but we should be able to do what we've done this year, at least as of now. Maybe a 
couple of quarters down the line, we would be in a better position to tell you where 
the business is going to go. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Ambit Asset Management. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Sir, you mentioned in your opening remarks that there was volume growth in the 
textile business. If you can quantify what has been the volume growth in FY24? 
Ketan Sablok: 
The textile business has registered about 5% kind of volume growth on an 
annualized basis. On this quarter, the growth in volumes has been about 10% Q-o-
Q. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Okay. And what is the plan, ahead given that you are now investing in Bangladesh 
as well to grow your textile business? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, we've set up a new office last year in Bangladesh, and we've set up the entire 
sales network, dealers, etcetera. We should start seeing some traction in the textile 
business, probably in another couple of months. So, probably Q2 onwards, we will 
see some good ramp-up in the Bangladesh business coming through. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Okay. In terms of your Institutional Cleaning business, is it possible to basically 
elaborate what's the plan for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Institutional Cleaning business, I think we are quite bullish about that the business, 
which is currently on a growth phase. We've almost doubled the turnover in the 
institutional business in this year and in FY24. Our target is to double this in FY25. 
This business is slightly cash-consuming business in terms of cost as well as in terms 
of the working capital. But till it reaches a certain size and capacity, it will be a slight 
push on our working capital position, but that's something we are willingly doing it, 
because we are quite bullish that the business. Once it reaches a certain volume of 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Rs. 800 crore plus, that's when the actual returns we'll be able to see. And yes that's 
the plan and we are aiming to double it again this year and next year also, we are 
quite bullish. We've set up a large team now in the business of institutional 
chemicals. We brought in a new head. The entire org structure has been done. So 
over the next 2 to 5 years, I think we are very, very confident of this business reaching 
much larger milestones. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: For FY24, what is the revenue and maybe loss in this business? 
Ketan Sablok: 
FY24, the revenues have been about Rs. 159 crore. And currently is giving about 
4% kind of an EBITDA. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: And the working capital cycle would be how much in terms of number of days for this 
business? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Working capital is a little stretched in this business. It seems to be upwards of about 
85 - 90 days. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I got a few of them. First, starting with the gross profit margin. The fall in raw material 
prices, I thought percentage margins should look better because mathematically, our 
gross profit per Kg remains flattish, which makes margin look better. In a standalone 
business, the margin has actually fallen by 300 – 400 basis points. And on a consol 
basis, it is down by 200 basis points. 
 
I know you mentioned that there’s a change in the product mix, but I thought 
institutional, which has the highest gross profit margin business within our portfolio 
today, the revenues have doubled, which should have further aided the margin. So, 
which are the other product lines where you think the margins were higher and those 
have not been accounted in Q4 or the sales were lower in Q4? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Sanjesh, as I said in the last quarter, we had a higher revenue coming from the 
government tender business, where we supply cleaning chemicals to schools and 
institutions. This is a very high-margin business for us. This comes in certain 
quarters. This business was there in Q3. So Q4, this business was nil. So that has 
significantly impacted the gross margin. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. That's again a part of institutional only?  
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. But it's done through Rossari. It's not done through BRPL. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That should be done through Rossari. 
Ketan Sablok: 
It's done through Rossari. That was I am saying. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But the 400 looks excessive, right? For one part of business. 
Ketan Sablok: 
It was almost Rs. 25 crore business for us in the last quarter. So almost the entire 
year's supply has happened in Q3. That has impacted. And of course, as I said, 
some selling prices, there was a moderation. We have not passed on some of the 
price increases which were there. That has also impacted. It's going to take some 
time for us to push these prices into the market. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Ketan bhai, can you just help us understand how is the competitive intensity in the 
industry? Because we have seen our margin getting compressed when the raw 
material prices go up, our margins getting compressed when the raw material prices 
are falling. Either way our margins look like the volatile or vulnerable for the volatility 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
in the raw material prices. How should we see the competitive intensity of the 
business model, which we can make more robust to keep the margins more stable? 
Ketan Sablok: 
If you see, Sanjesh, we have generally been, in the last couple of years, able to 
maintain our margins, the gross margin, if I say, at about 30% plus minus. They keep 
changing quarter-to-quarter, again, depending on which vertical does well, which 
vertical does not do well. For me, currently, the way the business is structured and 
the way the market is behaving, I think we should look at an annualized number of 
closer to 30% gross margin. That's what I can say as of now. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Ketan bhai, actually, the margins at the time of IPO were like 37% - 38%. And the 
moderation, what we thought was largely because of the raw material pressure. But 
when raw material have normalized, our margins are still not normalized. So is it fair 
to assume that this is a new normal and the 38% what we did at the time of IPO were 
at least in the foreseeable future, it doesn’t appear that we will again fly into that kind 
of a margin profile? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, I think because at the time of IPO and the current scenario, the entire product 
basket of the company has changed significantly. We didn’t have Tristar at that time. 
We didn’t have Unitop at that time. And then we have also gone into some other 
verticals like paints, paper, and oil and gas. At that time, we had a big account, which 
you know where the margins were significantly higher, which we don’t have anymore. 
So, the impact of all of this, as you rightly suggested, currently, the way we look at it 
is this business is going to be around the 30% kind of margin. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough. That’s very clear. Ketan bhai, just second on the growth side. Now 
HPPC growing at 30% looks phenomenally healthy. Can you help us understand 
how we plan to sustain this growth for next 2 - 3 years? Or how should we think about 
this portfolio growing at, say, 20% - 30% even for next 2 - 3 years? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Some of the key subsegments in HPPC, I think will keep pushing the growth. Here 
would be, one, the new CAPEX, which is coming in and the CAPEX largely the bigger 
one is coming up in Unitop. So, that’s going to help us, keep up this growth 
momentum in HPPC. So, that has a portion of business, which is into the surfactants 
and ethoxylates and there is a product which is going to go to the oil and gas industry. 
Both these will help us maintain this growth in HPPC. Secondly, the business of 
Institutional Chemicals, which I talked about, that also we expect that at least for the 
next foreseeable 2 years should see a significant growth given the current base is 
small. We’ve almost doubled it this year, as we have shown in our presentation. We 
expect to be at least closer to doubling this year also. So, couple of these factors will 
help us keep this momentum of growth in HPPC. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, that’s fair to say that within HPPC, the contribution of agrochemical, oil and gas 
is going to go up materially with ethoxylation capacity coming in, right? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No, not necessary because if you see in the last year, specifically FY24, where the 
Agro season was not great and the overall Agro was not quite great. We actually 
pushed our capacity in Non-Agro side. And it’s the Non-Agro business of Unitop that 
has helped us sustain even though the Agro has not grown. While volumes, we’ve 
been able to maintain in Agro, but the real growth has come from the Non-Agro 
business in FY24. Roughly, if I could tell you, in FY23, the mix was about 65% Agro 
and 35% Non-Agro. This mix now is roughly about 50%-50%. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, we have change materially. In Non-Agro, what is growing within the Unitop? 
Sunil Chari: 
Sanjeshji, namaste. This is Sunil Chari here. In Home, Personal and Performance 
Chemicals, home personal care is doing extremely well. In HPPC, the Tristar 

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
business has done very well in the last year. The Unitop business also has done 
very, very well. So the Non-Agro part of the business has done quite well. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
What is Non-Agro? When you say Non-Agro, what does it mean? 
Sunil Chari: 
Non-agro is Home Care, Personal Care and Paints and Coatings, these are 3 areas 
which are major contributors to non-agro. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. Home Care, Personal Care and Paints, these are 3 growing faster for us. 
Sunil Chari:  
Yes, Sanjesh-ji. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Have you done any tie-up with the new paint company, which is now planning to 
become very big? Do we have any relationship there? Can that be any trigger or are 
we looking at that being a new opportunity for us? 
Sunil Chari: 
We are in talks with all these new paint companies, which are coming up and also 
with the existing paint companies. And we are hopeful of business in these 
companies. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One last question on the working capital side. What should be the new normal? 
Because this company used to have a working capital of less than 50 days. This 
year, we are closing with 97 days of working capital, which is almost doubling of the 
working capital for us. Ketan bhai, what should be the steady state working capital 
with one we should understand because tender business is always going to be a 
lumpy business? So how should we factor the working capital days? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Sanjesh, if you see now with Unitop, etcetera, coming in, and the stretch that we are 
seeing in the Agro business, the receivable cycle. If you see our standalone, we are 
still at about 67 - 70. So, we hover around 65 - 70 days in the standalone. It is 
consolidated where the numbers have gone up significantly. So one of the main 
issues is in the Agro business, where the payment cycle is, as it is got stretched, but 
given the current situation, that stretch has gone a little longer. So that is impacting 
this. 
 
Secondly, as I said, as our Institutional Chemicals business keeps growing, there 
are cycles in that business also where the working capital days are slightly stretched 
compared to what we generally have in the standalone. So that too is at about 85 - 
90 days. Secondly, in March, as I said, there were certain actions we took on the 
inventory side where if you see the inventory levels have significantly gone up almost 
to Rs. 90 crore plus. So, that has also impacted. So a fair assumption on year-end, 
I think we will be following these kind of cycles, we should be at about 90 days kind 
of number. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
90 days should be where we should now stabilize. 
Ketan Sablok:  
 Yes. 
Sunil Chari: 
Sanjesh-ji to add to what Ketan-ji said, Rossari standalone, we are practically at par 
for last year to 67 days and it is 69 days. And just 2 days also, I think it was little 
because of goods in transit, a little higher than last quarter. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
It used to be 45 days when we were at the IPO? 
Sunil Chari: 
But now this is the new normal because our customer mix, our product mix has 
changed substantially as we have informed this. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, now standalone 65 and consol 90. 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Sunil Chari:  
Standalone is 70. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay, 70. So that should be a new normal, right? So from here onwards, there won't 
be a significant, because this year, there is lower cash conversion because of the 
working capital. 
Ketan Sablok:  
Yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Next year onwards, that should not be any more of the case, correct? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No. We are endeavor Sanjesh internally is to bring it down to below 85 days, giving 
you a realistic number. But currently, given the situation, I think we have to first bring 
it down to 90 days from where we are. So, it will be prudent now to take a 90-day 
kind of the cycle. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One last question from my side. We anticipated to double the AHN revenue this year. 
I don't think that's been possible. Any particular reason what we saw the opportunity 
at the start of the year and what transpired across the year? And finally, we ended 
up with not much different than what we were last year. 
Sunil Chari: 
The last few quarters in Animals Health and Nutrition industry, especially the 
integrated and the feed mills have gone through a lot of pain. They have had a lot of 
pressure on their margins. And our outstandings were going up. And then prudently, 
we decided that if no business will come it is fine. We are not going to give accelerate 
credit in the market for Animal Healthcare and Nutrition. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. You are telling the industry itself struggled and we were more careful not to 
increase the exposure in the industry. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, that's what it was Sanjesh. But if you see in the last 2 quarters, we've slightly 
done better on the AHN front. And we are also now putting up a small CAPEX in 
premix which will help us. 
Edward Menezes: 
We are putting up a premix plant and we are putting up a granulation facility. These 
2 pieces of equipment will increase our production capacity as well as the quality of 
our product. So we are currently on standalone mixers, but this will be a completely 
automated mixing technology from a multinational company. So this investment, we 
see that this year, we should bounce back. Although this machinery takes anywhere 
between 4 - 6 months for delivery and commissioning. So we are very hopeful that 
with these 2 equipment in place, we will do better there. And as well as Aqua is been 
seeded, so this year Aqua should also go up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
First question is we have recently commercialized some oilfield chemicals. If you can 
just give us broader understanding of where these are used, which geographies, 
whether it's a tender business or it's a normal business? And how are we going to 
tap this particular opportunity in terms of opportunity size and maybe a growth plan 
for a 3 - 5-year perspective? 
Sunil Chari: 
Yes. So the oilfield chemicals, we are targeting both India market and also especially 
the Gulf market. There is also some market in Africa and Malaysia, which we are 
trying to target. Oil and gas has a long gestaion for approval from the big companies. 
This year, we're mostly go into seeding. The chemistries where we are focusing is 
mostly the Demulsifiers, the Pour Point Depressant, the Biocides, the Deformers, 
these are chemistries where we have some small sales from Unitop. 

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
This year would be more approval and seeding stage. And hopefully, in the years to 
come, we should get good business from these chemistries and these focus areas. 
Obviously, Saudi, UAE, Oman, Kuwait, Qatar, Nigeria and India and also Russia, 
these would be focusing areas for us. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. That's helpful. The second question is in terms of our overseas market. So 
how are we tapping the exports market? You talked about textile chemicals in terms 
of our Bangladesh initiative. Apart from that, Unitop has been pretty concentrated on 
the LATAM market. Tristar has been on North American market. Where are we in 
terms of cross-selling opportunities and dealer distribution network? And how are we 
expecting the exports to grow in FY25 - 26? What could be the proportion that we 
are looking at maybe over a 3 – 5 year period of time? 
Sunil Chari: 
Yes. So Rohit-ji, the focus would be the Americas, which include Latin and South 
and North America. This is one of our focus areas for growth. The second area, of 
course, would be Asia. And Asia will include the MENA region, which we consider 
still in Asia and also the Far East region, which is there. And the third geography, 
which we will look in exports remains the European geography.  
 
The Home Personal Care segment, the Agro segment would be this year, the focus 
areas mostly. If you see in the last financial year, Rossari, Unitop and Tristar, we 
were practically together with the 3 companies, we are at 0 debt level, net zero 
investments and the bank borrowings of these 3 companies were matching. So there 
was practically no debt in these 3 companies. And Tristar and Unitop both have 
achieved 100% capacities. So, this has mostly come from also the export market, 
but also seeding into the local market where we are cross-selling into our existing 
customers with new chemistries. 
 
In terms of specific products, phenoxyethanol would be something which could grow. 
But also we see a lot of alcohol ethoxylates and other kind of ethoxylates going into 
not only Home Personal Care but also food processing. And then we are starting to 
build our capabilities for the pharma surfactants, which again will come in the HPPC 
segment in the Performance Chemicals. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it. Just 1 last, if I can squeeze in. From the agrochemical exposure, it's 
50% only in Unitop and there is no other exposure that we currently have, right? 
Ketan Sablok:  
No, no, it's all Unitop. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And how has been the performance in the recent quarter? And given that this 
is the primary season from agrochemical perspective, what is you're expecting that 
whether we will be able to maintain the volumes during this year as well? Or there 
could be some setback? 
Ketan Sablok: 
I didn't get your question clearly, Rohit. Can you just repeat, please? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. So given that last year, we were able to maintain the volumes on the 
agrochemical. Obviously, there was some impact probably because of the pricing. 
How do we are seeing in current environment where last year, the inventories were 
higher generally across the board. So from our FY25 perspective, whether we have 
a visibility that Agrochem part, the volumes will be maintained or there could be a 
smaller setback? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No, the kind of order book that we are seeing now, I think we should be able to 
maintain our volumes in FY25. We have at least now a good bit of inquiry coming in 
from our customers. So we don't expect the volumes to drop significantly. We would 
be happy if we can maintain the volume levels that we've achieved in FY24. We 
should be around that number itself. 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mihir Damania from Ambit Asset Management. 
Mihir Damania: 
I just had 1 question. What was the volume growth for the full year for the company? 
And do we have sufficient capacities to increase the volumes for FY25 in a similar 
range what we did this year? 
Ketan Sablok: 
We generally don't give a volume growth number. But given that the current pressure 
on the prices and some of the selling prices which have softened, most of this growth 
which you are seeing that has come has majorly come out of volume itself. And on 
your question on the availability of capacities, I think on the standalone front, we 
have enough headroom to fill up volumes. The Ethoxylation capacity that Tristar and 
Unitop are fully utilized. So, that's where we are adding capacities. We should have 
some capacities on stream as I said, by end of H1. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Just wanted to understand that you mentioned that definitely last year, Agri has been 
up, however, the growth was driven by HPPC and other Personal Care category. 
How do you see that over the next 1 year - 2 years? Where the focus on HPPC has 
been there and it will be remain the growth driver or the industry revival in the Agri 
business will drive the Agri part of the portfolio of the company more? 
Sunil Chari: 
For us, Home Personal Care and Performance Chemicals would be the growth driver 
definitely in the next few years. Agro, we see still, if we are able to maintain the 
volumes over last year, like last year, we will be happy. There is no El Nino effect 
and the monsoon is expected to be normal. We see a normal Agro season like last 
year. But the focus would be on all the Ethoxylates business basically and the 
Phenoxy ethanol business. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, if you could just share some CAPEX number that over the next 1 year - 2 years, 
how much money you plan to invest and a broader outlook at how much of that will 
go in Agro and how much of that in Non-Agro? 
Ketan Sablok: 
We've Rohan,just in Q2, we had planned for some CAPEX. It was about Rs. 128-
odd crore for the Ethoxylation capacity expansion and for a new molecule for the oil 
and gas business. So part of that Rs. 128 crore is for the oil and gas molecule. So 
that's the Non-Agro part. And within the Ethoxylation, the capacity will be a mix. The 
utilization will be a mix of both Agro and Non-Agro, depending on how the market 
moves. So, if the Agro season in the next couple of years, the Agro doesn't really 
grow, then we have enough headroom to keep growing our Non-agro. Ethoxylates 
are actually fungible depending on how the markets are, Agro as well as Non-Agro. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Apart from that, this CAPEX, you have any further plan on the CAPEX side part? I 
think that this is going to commission in FY25 itself, right? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. So by end of FY25, this CAPEX will be done, then probably we'll see how the 
markets are looking and post that, we'll probably think of the next round of 
investments. But currently, the major investments are the ones which we've 
announced. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, just last question from my side. Sir, in last 2 - 3 years of the company, we have 
seen a couple of acquisitions done by the company probably. At that time, I think the 
industry dynamics were quite rosy. I mean, in terms of the valuations also probably 
that the market dynamic was quite favorable for the company in terms of the 
valuation, which we have paid high multiple. Do you think that in the current scenario, 
the things have changed and even the acquisitions which we had done are, I mean, 
not contributing to the profitability the way you would have expected? And how much 

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
time do you think that they may take to drive the profitability at the level which we 
have expected earlier? 
Ketan Sablok: 
No. I think on the contrary all the acquisitions that we've done has fared much better 
than what we had planned. Whatever financials we had prepared at the time of 
acquisition, I think both these have really done much better than that. Today, if you 
see in the last 3 years, Unitop had a growth of almost CAGR 20%. Tristar has had a 
growth of 24% CAGR. I think we are very happy with the way both these acquisitions 
have performed. And they are going to pay back much earlier than what we had 
internally targeted. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
My apologies, I joined the call a bit late. So if there is any repetition, my apologies 
there. First question on the overall growth outlook. Now if I look at on a consolidated 
basis, we have grown at a low double-digit numbers over the last 2 years. Obviously, 
there was a realization-led issue here as well. So a large part of this growth was 
volume led. But how are your thoughts in terms of the revenue ramp-up here over 
the next 2 - 3 years? 
Sunil Chari: 
Ankurji, this is Sunil Chari here. Because of the uncertain volatile market conditions 
across the globe, we are not sure and do not want to hazard any guess for the next 
2 quarters. So we would wait and see and then guide you. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sorry. My question was not on 2 quarters, but more from the next 2 - 3 years. 
Sunil Chari: 
Yes, yes. We are expanding, we are investing money into growing the Ethoxylates 
business, the Phenoxy Ethanol business, the NMMO business and also the 
Polymers business. So, definitely we are bullish on our future. But these first 2 
quarters will determine our outlook for the current financial year. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Just to add to that, Ankur, the capacity that we are putting in, comes towards the end 
of this calendar year. We would have about 3 - 4 months of revenues coming in this 
year and probably a larger piece of the revenues coming in FY26. So currently, as 
Chari sir said, let us wait and watch how these 2 quarters go. These are key quarters 
for us for our Agro business, while we are seeing the demand being quite stable. But 
on full annualized basis, we would probably be able to give a better idea of how this 
year is going to pan out. But currently, the way we look FY25, we should be a little 
similar or slightly higher than what we've done in the last year. But in FY26, I think 
the ramp-up capacities coming in, we should see mid to a slightly higher growth in 
FY26 and onwards. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. You did mention in your earlier comments that on the standalone side, we have 
ample capacity to scale up. How about the capacity at Tristar or Unitop? Will we have 
to spend more there to enhance capacity or they are optimally utilized now? 
Ketan Sablok: 
So currently, on the Ethoxylation side, we are optimally utilized. That's why we are 
adding these capacities on the Ethoxylation front. So our CAPEX, which is ongoing 
is going to add these capacities. And apart from the Ethoxylation, we are also doing 
another product for the oil and gas business. So these are the 2 main expansion that 
are happening. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Secondly, on the margin front. Now if I dissect our consol performance 
between standalone and subsidiary, there is an improvement in subsidiary and to an 
extent, deterioration in the gross margin or even EBITDA margin on the standalone 
side. Is large part of this pain largely over? Or the FY24 numbers on an average is 
the new base and one should look at these numbers? May not be the 14% - 15% 
EBITDA margin that you were doing earlier? 

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ketan Sablok: 
Ankur, I have spoken about this earlier also. The current base what we are seeing 
for this FY24, at least for the next year, we should take those numbers itself and go 
ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. But incrementally, let's say, FY26 and beyond, you will expect things to 
improve? Or it should be gradual, not going back to the older run rates? 
Ketan Sablok: 
In terms of the gross margin? 
Ankur Periwal: 
Gross or EBITDA margin either way. 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes, it's going to be a gradual uptick. But on an annualized basis, I say if you see 
currently, we are seeing the way the business and the outlook that we are getting 
from the market and from the business side, this 13.5% - 14% EBITDA margin is 
what I can tell you is something we are looking at, at least currently sitting today. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And lastly, on the balance sheet, working capital. If I look at over the last 3 
years, there is a decline in overall the core working capital, largely because of the 
payable days being lower. So probably we are doing more spot purchases now 
versus the credit that we were enjoying earlier. FY24, specifically inventory and 
receivables are also slightly higher. So how do you look at this number on a steady 
take basis going ahead? 
Ketan Sablok: 
Yes. If you see the way our business has grown in the last 2 - 3 years, it's major 
growth coming in from our subsidiaries, Unitop, Tristar almost close to doubling from 
when we have purchased. So that what skewed the working capital position because 
there if you see the major raw materials that we are purchasing is all on advance 
terms. While if you see supplies to Agro and also in the Non-Agro, especially in Agro 
are hugely stretched, especially given the current scenario. So that's what is 
impacting the working capital cycle in the overall consolidated balance sheet. As I 
said, our endeavour is to start streamlining this number. We are working towards 
that. In March of 2024, it was a management call to build up some stocks seeing the 
Agro season coming in. We had lost out on a lot of Agro orders last year because of 
non-availability of material. Also the supplier has planned to get into annual 
shutdown during the month of April. Hence, we had willingly stocked up raw materials 
and also produced a lot of semi-finished goods and kept. So that's why you'll see the 
inventories have also gone up significantly in end of March. That's what has impacted 
the overall working capital. 
Moderator: 
We have our next follow-up question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum 
Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just 1 clarification. We have seen that there has been some issue in terms of 
Ethylene Oxide availability. So your comments on the same? And the second thing, 
in terms of the newer capacity, how are we placed in terms of the supplies of 
Ethylene Oxide? 
Sunil Chari: 
For April and May, Reliance has given us forecast that they will be giving us about 
60% of what we normally buy. So, April - May, of course, our capacity will be 
unutilized to that extent. And we are expecting to add some product on Propylene 
Oxide to tide over the Ethylene Oxide shortage. We are also trying to make some 
raw materials which we're buying from outside in-house to fill up the capacity, which 
is vacant. In April and May, luckily, we have built up some stocks in March for Agro. 
And I think our sales should be in line and stable, should not be affected much. That 
is what is our outlook Rohit-ji on Ethylene Oxide. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And for the new capacity, I mean, are we comfortable that for the expanded capacity, 
we'll be able to get additional. 

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Sunil Chari: 
We have been assured by Reliance that for our expanded capacity, they are going 
in for an expansion also for Ethylene Oxide. So we should have adequate availability 
of Ethylene Oxide for our expansion once it comes online in the last quarter of this 
financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. 
Edward Menezes: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the company, please free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once 
again for taking the time to join us on this call. Have a good day. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
