  2 May 2024 
The Manager, Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager, Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. c/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,
MUMBAI – 400 051
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) call 
Further to our intimation dated 15 March 2024, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
call which is hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-
com/global/en/investors/financial-results/2024/transcript-of-earnings-call-q4-2024.pdf 
We request you to kindly take the above on record as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mphasis Limited 
Subramanian Narayan 
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
NARAYAN 
SUBRAMANIAN
Digitally signed 
by NARAYAN 
SUBRAMANIAN

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Mphasis Limited 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 26, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITIN RAKESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH DUGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining the Mphasis Q4 FY 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call. I'm Zico Pereira, your moderator for the day. We have with us today Mr. Nitin 
Rakesh, CEO of Mphasis; and Mr. Manish Dugar, CFO. As a reminder, there is a webcast link 
in the call invite mail that the Mphasis management team would be referring to today. The same 
presentation is also available on the Mphasis website, www.mphasis.com, in the Investors 
section under the Financial and Filing as well as on both the BSE and NSE website. Request you 
have the presentation handy. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in the Q4 results release that has been sent out to all of you 
earlier. 
I now hand over the floor to Mr. Nitin to begin the proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over 
to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you, Zico, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I appreciate your interest in 
Mphasis, and I know its early morning. I trust everyone has had a chance to review our earnings 
release documents. I'd like to start by discussing macro trends as always, and then we'll double 
click on the Mphasis performance numbers. 
As we've been calling out for a few quarters now, the market continues to be characterized by 
duality. On one hand, the global business world is dealing with an unprecedented situation of 
high interest rates, supply chain woes, labor market dislocations, record inflation and a fragile 
geopolitical environment. 
Consequently, the level of uncertainty in the environment stays high, leading to a high degree of 
indecision on investment decisions, keeping pressure on discretionary spends. On the other hand, 
further technological advancements and increased focus on sustainable practices are some trends 
that have the potential to change how businesses operate. 
Worldwide IT spending is expected to total $5 trillion in calendar year '24, an increase of 6.8% 
from 2023, according to the last forecast by Gartner, who also states that IT services will 
continue to see an increase in growth in 2024, becoming the largest segment of IT spending for 
the first time. This is largely due to enterprises investing in organizational efficiency and 
optimization projects. These investments will be crucial during this period of economic 
uncertainty. 
We now are seeing new pockets of spend opening up in organizations that are looking to invest 
in modernizing legacy systems, leveraging AI and automation to improve operational efficiency. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Efficiency and cost optimization players are gaining traction as organizations look to find short-
term wins to fund longer-term technological priorities. As Gen AI dominates discussions on tech 
spend, it's increasing adoption will spur additional growth. In our conversations with customers, 
we continue to see them trying to balance cost savings priorities in the current macro 
environment with the need to stay relevant, tech forward and competitive. 
As we advise our clients, we also continue to evolve internally to stay ahead of the curve as 
technology adoption rapidly changes. The market continues to evolve and at a rapid pace. There 
is a need for service providers to go beyond the current and not just apply AI. Our ability to 
orchestrate the ecosystem by bringing in technology and people together to solve our customer 
needs strongly positions us in this tech-first environment. At Mphasis as every tribe was getting 
AI-enabled, we now see our solution and deal archetypes getting rapidly supercharged. We have 
been investing to stay ahead through an AI-led archetype approach. 
Our prominent AI partnerships across hyperscalers and the overall ecosystem is seeing rapid 
growth and solid for customer needs. To quote a few examples, we've recently engaged in an 
AI-driven IT production support engagement to improve reliability and uptime for a top three 
US bank. We helped accelerate claims processing efficiency by 85% for a large benefits admin 
provider using an AI-driven approach. 
We also helped set up an AI security platform based on Zero Trust principles for a Canadian 
health care provider. If you recall, Mphasis was one of the first to create an AI business unit 
called Mphasis.ai. We've been working with our customers to build a point of view and helping 
them think through their AI journey on productivity and consumer experience, and we've now 
evolved to modernization as well. 
Modernization is one of the biggest opportunities and we have developed an archetype that is 
now enabled by Gen AI-centered platforms. We are starting to see every archetype from 
customer 
experience transformation 
to productivity, 
modernization, 
our 
zero-cost 
transformation being AI-enabled. Tech providers in the market is moving rapidly. We are 
investing in continuous development of the ecosystem to stay ahead of the curve in our ability 
to orchestrate tech, people, services especially in the ecosystem of the market with AWS, 
Microsoft and Google. 
We recently announced a Strategic Collaborative Agreement with AWS focused on Gen AI in 
financial services. Mphasis will also set up a Gen AI foundry to develop POCs for industry-
specific use cases. Similarly Google recognized us for our deep engineering capabilities. We 
recently built a hybrid multi-cloud operating platform that will leverage AI using Gemini Code 
Assist to accelerate the software development life cycle. Mphasis has also launched Gen AI 
blueprint on Microsoft's Azure Marketplace in collaboration with Microsoft and OpenAI. This 
will help organizations seamlessly integrate and adopt Gen AI solutions to boost efficiency and 
scale operations. 
For instance, we've been building Gen AI platform for automating and reimagining complex 
processes, including reverse engineering, application relearn and reengineer, things that have 
traditionally been manual. Consequently, we have introduced two new platforms, as part of our 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Mphasis.ai business unit, Modernization and Developer Experience Acceleration. Recently, we 
have introduced an AI adoption framework, which enables our customers to move beyond POCs 
and adopt AI within the business. 
The Modernization platform helps in modernization of legacy applications written in languages 
like COBOL and Java, using Gen AI LLMs and LAMs, with the objective of reducing the 
relearning time by over 50%. Building on the foundation led by the modernization platform, the 
Developer Experience platform takes the next step while generating the target step for the 
modern application, accelerating this phase by 40% to 50% as well. 
Moving on to the AI adoption framework, enterprises today are doing lots of POCs, but 
struggling to adopt Gen AI at scale in their businesses. Our comprehensive framework simplifies 
adoption by bringing people, process and technology together. We are extremely excited about 
the capabilities that these platforms and solutions will bring to our customers. 
Looking back at our journey through this past year and where we were versus where we are 
indicated at the beginning of FY24. We entered 2024 with a strong pipeline in cloud 
transformation and consolidation. Our TCV closures in a challenging year reflected our ability 
to see pipelines through to deal closure. We had indicated that we would achieve revenue 
stability in DXC. And to that effect, DXC is now roughly 3% of our revenues. 
In keeping with our message to drive the non-BFS and the non-US markets growth, we have 
built strong verticals in health care and TMT and continue to consolidate wins in these verticals. 
The share of our emerging verticals such as insurance, TMT, logistics and transportation and 
others has increased from 49% to 52% of revenue. 
In Canada, we started with a set of financial services focused customers, and we now have a 
well-diversified clientele across verticals, and we recorded a 42% year-over-year increase in 
revenues in FY24. We continue to be driven by innovation-led growth and operational 
excellence for our clients. We invested in our nearshore model and increased head count by 27% 
in regions such as Taiwan, Mexico, Poland, Costa Rica, Canada, etc. 
On technology, we made strategic choices to invest in capabilities and skills. In 2024, we were 
able to quickly acquire and rapidly integrate our AI, sales force and other capabilities with our 
tribes and archetypes and deliver a more well-rounded suite of services to our customers. Our 
top 11 to 30 customers ex mortgage grew 13% in FY24 versus the previous year. The large deal 
wins outside of our top 10 customers grew by 73% in FY24 versus the previous year. 
Specifically on revenue growth, in April '23, we called out Q1 '24 softness in the BFS segment, 
which unfortunately lingered through the first half of the fiscal year. We indicated in April last 
year that mortgage segment was close to bottoming out and that we expected incremental 
stability throughout the later part of '24. Though the interest rate environment hasn't changed as 
we anticipated, the mortgage segment has broadly stayed stable, especially over the recent 2 to 
3 quarters through FY24. 
We also indicated that direct is likely to be -- growth in direct is likely to be back ended, with 
sequential growth starting second half of FY24. And while the growth came in later and slower 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
than expected, however, investments have been in place to drive and capitalize on green shoots 
as they emerged. 
We are pleased with the pipeline growth outside of the top 10 accounts, which has grown by 
10% year-over-year as well as 19% growth in our BFS pipeline. Our proactive deal pipeline is 
strong with about 76% of our deals from proactive pursuits. A healthy composition of large deals 
in the pipeline underscores that digital transformation and accelerating digital adoption continue 
to be core themes for our clients, which are now getting supercharged by AI adoption as well. 
Almost all our pipeline continues to be tribe-driven, archetype-led and is well distributed across 
verticals and key themes such as data, modernization, cyber, agile ops and platforms. We see 
AI-enabled opportunities in several of these archetypes and especially in areas that are opening 
up new addressable markets for us such as Agile IT Ops, Next Ops and further acceleration in 
data engineering and modernization. 
As I mentioned earlier, our pipeline remains strong and conversion has been steady, though still 
slow given the impact of seasonality and the macro factors. Large deals continue to show up in 
our pipeline, and we've also seen an uptick in smaller deals as well, especially in Q4, providing 
clearer visibility to some revival in discretionary deals while also boosting the pace of revenue 
conversion with shorter duration, quick burst deals. 
We continued with a higher share of proactive deal wins as we stayed focused on deal-making 
in a challenging year. We saw broad based TCV wins across verticals and across the client 
pyramid with several strategic customers. We closed the year with new TCV wins at $1.38 
billion in FY24 and closed deals worth $177 million in Q4 '24. 
Notably, significant TCV wins continue to be from our beyond top 10 accounts and are well 
distributed between our various service lines. 77% of our deal wins in this quarter were powered 
by next-gen technology adoption. 
We saw 15 large deal wins in FY24, including 1 large deal in Q4, and we remain focused on 
ramping these for revenue. We are seeing conversion to revenue pace pick up, and our deal 
archetypes are further strengthened by capability acquisitions made during the year, enabling us 
to offer a larger breadth of services. We continue to be structurally forward leaning, making 
investments where we expect demand. We continue to push for revenue growth, which is 
anchored in a strong client mining model and tech-led offerings. 
Our Q4 FY24 revenue came in at USD410.7 million, a growth of 2.1% over previous quarter in 
constant currency terms. For the full year, we closed FY24 at revenues of $1.61 billion, a decline 
of 6.5% over previous year in constant currency terms. Direct business accounted for about 95% 
of our overall revenue in Q4 '24 and for the full year. The mortgage business remained stable 
this quarter, driven by new deal wins from previous quarters. 
Our clients continue to look for best-in-breed solution providers for a combination of cost 
takeout and transformation programs. We expect the pace of revenue and deal conversion to 
pick up, especially in transformative deals through the remainder of -- through the coming years. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Our Direct revenue for the quarter increased by 2% sequentially in CC terms and by 0.4% Y-o-
Y in Q4 FY24. For the quarter, our anchor geography, the U.S. improved 2.9% sequentially and 
grew by 0.4% in direct Y-o-Y in Q4 '24. EMEA region also grew on a year-over-year basis. We 
have been seeing good client wins and continue to see traction there. Our core service line, 
enterprise apps constitute about 71% of revenue. We grew 2.8% sequentially in constant 
currency terms in Direct apps. The BPO segment grew 1.8% sequentially and stayed flattish on 
a Y-o-Y basis. We expect this segment to see stability ahead as well. 
Moving to our vertical performance. As guided in Q3 earnings call, growth was led by BFS and 
TMT. BFS was up 2.6% sequentially in Q4, and TMT and logistics were up by 4.5% and 2.2%, 
respectively, driven by client and deal wins in recent quarters. 
Similarly, our others vertical in direct is growing quite well as reflected in the 21.6% year-over-
year growth in Q4 FY24. We see good ramp-up in new customers added across segments, 
including in health care in the last few quarters in this segment. 
Our top 10 accounts declined 10.8% Y-o-Y on an LTM basis, mainly impacted by macro 
conditions, seasonality and the regional banking issues in the early part of the year. Our top 11 
to 20 clients increased by 10.5% Y-o-Y, and 21 to 30 client segment grew by 17.3% Y-o-Y on 
an LTM basis. 
Our new client acquisition revenue continues to grow well, sustaining its strong growth 
trajectory at 27%. Client mining stats remained steady, both sequentially and year-over-year. 
Our wallet share with key clients continues to be stable, and we are well positioned with 
consolidation opportunities and share of gains. This is particularly visible in the recovery in 
growth in BFS in Q4 revenues for us as well as our pipeline growth in BFS. 
Coming to our financial metrics. Our margin philosophy affords us the flexibility to manage our 
profitability in the face of revenue headwinds. In this quarter, our EBIT margin stood at 14.9% 
and Silverline acquisition costs impacted our margin by 0.8%. Reported operating profit for the 
quarter declined 1.4% year-over-year and grew 2.2% sequentially. Losses in cash flow hedges 
impacted margins in Q4 FY24 by 10 basis points. 
For the year, our reported margin stood at 15.1%. Our EPS at INR20.8 for this quarter represents 
a growth of 5% sequentially. For the year, our EPS stood at INR82.4, a decline of 5.3% annually. 
Cash flow generation at USD55 million for the quarter was 116% of net income. Year-to-date 
cash flow was at about USD237 million, continuing the trajectory of 100-plus percent of net 
income and a growth of 56% year-over-year. 
Our DSO of 66 days was better by 3 days over the previous quarter by 5 days over the previous 
year. The Board of Mphasis also recommended a final dividend of INR55 per share to be placed 
before shareholders for approval. 
In summary, we've continued to retain our focus on the micro through FY24 and on ensuring 
operational stability amidst the duality in the macro environment. I'll leave you with a few points 
on the summary chart. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
We continue to focus on building for growth and have made investments for a tech-led, 
strategically diversified and transformative growth. We exit FY24 with a resilient pipeline across 
TCV archetypes, including in our anchor BFS vertical. We grew capabilities through our 
strategy of build, buy and partner with the launch of Mphasis.ai platform and business unit, 
continuing strengthening of partnerships ecosystem across hyperscalers as well as specialist 
players such as Kore.ai and WorkFusion. We also expanded our Salesforce capabilities with the 
acquisition of Silverline. 
We continue to diversify our revenue and pipeline beyond BFS and our top 10 clients. We've 
revitalized our leadership in core geos, verticals and technologies and have expanded our 
addressable market with new and enhanced capabilities. We're starting to see early signs of TCV 
to revenue conversion pickup as reflected in the performance in Q4. 
FY24 margin stayed expanded to the upper end of the guided band on a normalized basis, coming 
in closer to 16% towards the second half with our continued focus on productivity and operating 
levers. We had strong operating cash flow through the year and showed continuous improvement 
in DSO with operating cash 56% higher than FY '23. 
Coming to the outlook for FY '25. There are a few key messages that I would like you to take 
away. Firstly, we continue to integrate our capabilities and execute to capture growth 
opportunities as provided by the new environment, as I mentioned in the previous few minutes. 
We're also very focused on converting our past and current deal wins to revenue. Despite 
uncertainty in spend and sentiment, FY '25 outlook is better than the previous year. We expect 
that in FY '25, we will be at above industry growth with visible gains from tech-led and account 
focused strategy, including share gains, consolidation and continued active mining of clients, 
especially in the 11 to 30 and the NCA categories. We will continue to execute in areas of growth 
and invest across capabilities and verticals. 
On margins, we retain our message of sustainable and steady margins in a narrow band while 
investing for growth. Our operating margins will remain in the stated band of 14.6% to 16% in 
the upcoming year with a continued focus on operational rigor, giving us increased confidence 
on the trajectory of our performance. 
On that note, moderator, let's open up for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair View Investment Private Limited. 
Nitin Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And I wanted to delve a little deeper on the TCV wins. So despite 
the strong positioning of the company on AI and the sequential improvement in the BFS 
industry, the TCV wins have been sequentially declining over the year. So how do we see this 
trend going forward? How are we able to leverage our positioning in AI in terms of deal wins? 
And the next question is also related to deal wins. So a lot of industry players have started 
providing numbers in terms of their TCV -- their AI deal pipeline and revenue generated from 
AI. So would you also be in a position to share any quantitative data? Thank you. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Sure, Nitin. I can take the -- both the questions, actually are pretty linked to each other. Firstly, 
I think we had a very bunched up early part of the year with some very large deals getting 
bunched together in late Q1, early Q2. And we guided that we'll have to continue to move deals 
through the pipeline through the remainder of the year. And that's the reason why the pipeline is 
up 5% sequentially just Q4 over Q3. A large part of the growth came obviously from the 
rebuilding of the pipeline in BFS as we've seen opportunities open up. 
There are two nuances to think about the TCV number. One, I think the -- on a full year basis, 
we've still grown the TCV wins by about 5% in a challenging year. Second, a lot of these deals 
are, as we guided, especially in the early part of the year were multiyear deals, have not yet fully 
ramped up and we continue to monetize the opportunity provided by those deals to ramp up. So 
that's one thing to keep in mind because the linkage between order book and revenue growth is 
much clearer for us given that we only report net new deals. 
Secondly, especially in Q4, we've seen a number of short burst deals. These are typically -- while 
we are reporting TCV, they're typically even shorter.. the duration is even shorter than 1 year in 
many of these deals. 
I think the $0 million to $10 million category deals for us the contribution, even on a dollar basis, 
is actually very high this quarter. And that gives us the ability to ramp up these deals very, very 
shortly -- quickly. And hence, you've seen some of that already show up in Q4 numbers, and we 
expect that to also show up in the following couple of quarters. So I think that's one thing to 
keep in mind when it comes to the shape and nature of the TCV. 
Your second question around how we're using capability and how we're driving that competitive 
advantage. I think the ability to orchestrate the tech ecosystem, ability to provide a solution that 
leans on application of tech versus pure capacity or T&M basis, I think, is really where the 
market is headed. We have -- we broke out the overall TCV, and we basically said about 28% 
of that was AI-led. Combination of examples I gave you in the presentation are all pointing 
towards those AI-led deals. 
I think it's a little bit too early to start creating a metric that we can report every quarter given 
that we are heading to a point where almost every archetype, every solution will have some 
element of tech orchestration. But I think we'll continue to work towards figuring out what's the 
best way to represent growth in that business. 
I mean it's not just us, even the hyperscalers are having the same challenge with the 2 earnings 
calls that I heard -- listened to today between Google and Microsoft. I think it's not very easy to 
differentiate how much is AI-led and how much is cloud-led. 
So we'll continue to find ways to give you a representation. But for now, I think the takeaway 
message is that lead indicators are pipeline. Pipeline in AI-led deals is directly linked to the 4 
archetypes I talked about, which is Agile IT Ops, Next Ops, Data engineering and 
modernization. Those are the four very, very large pockets of opportunity, and those are the four 
biggest buckets of our pipeline at this point as we speak. We do expect the TCV conversion rate 
to show a much healthier number as we start FY '25 as well. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Manish Dugar: 
On the reporting of the numbers, Nitin Jain, we did talk about winning TCV of AI business being 
one third of our $700 million TCV win, and wherever relevant, we will provide that information. 
At this point in time, we are not calling it out separately in the revenue split. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, one question. In margins, was there some benefit that you guys received during the year 
from unknown reversal or other things, which gets accounted for an EBITDA? Or how should 
we look at it for 4Q and for FY24 ? 
Manish Dugar: 
So, Mohit, there are investments and programs that are created to drive growth. And some of 
them fructify with the costs actually getting paid out. And in some cases, since the performance 
does not match up, those monies don't get paid out. There's nothing which is out of the ordinary 
from a business as usual perspective. And the reporting had to happen because technically how 
the accounting works for some of these transactions. 
But think of it as some portion of the incentives that were planned did not get paid out. And as 
that got reversed, given our philosophy of puts and takes and investing when there is an 
opportunity, we found other areas where we could invest it in. So it should not be seen as 
something which is either a directionally positive or negative from an EBIT perspective. 
Mohit Jain: 
So we need not adjust EBITDA for the INR200 crores kind of figure? 
Manish Dugar: 
No. There will be -- see, a lot of these investments are onetime, like we said, right? Short-term 
savings go into short-term investments, long-term savings go into long-term investments. So has 
that saving accrued being invested in equivalent areas. So there is nothing that will upset the 
guided range. As you would have seen over the last 16 quarters, we have ensured that we 
maintain the margin to a stable range. And any upside or downside is adjusted through either 
dialing up or dialing down the investments. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. And second, as a follow-up on the previous, like, when should we expect TCV to start 
growing again because that number is coming off quite sharply, started with $700 now, we are 
below 200. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. But I think, again, as I said, right, Yes, as I said, right, large deals by definition will be 
lumpy. I think when you consume such a big number and there is a windfall quarter, you will 
see rebuilding of the pipeline through the phases, and that's what we are focused on. I think on 
a steady-state basis, the LTM average is something we are very confident that we'll reach back 
as we get through FY '25. 
Mohit Jain: 
So your LTM average will take us to industry-leading growth for FY '25? You don't think we 
need to pull up on TCV? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Above industry growth is what we're calling for right now. I didn't say industry-leading yet. If 
we get through the next couple of quarters as planned and expected, then we will definitely 
update that guidance. But at this point in time, what we are saying is if we get back to -- given 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
the nature and duration of some of the deals that we are starting to see, we do think that if we 
get back to our LTM average, we should be in a good place for FY '25. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
A couple of questions. Starting with medium term, you indicated about increasing TAM by 57%, 
58% in last 3 years. If I look our performance, our revenue growth trajectory will be broadly in 
line with industry. We are not seeing any benefit from TAM expansion. So if you can help us 
understand how one should reconcile these two numbers which is fair? Second thing is about 
the margin range, you indicated fairly wide range now. Sorry -- yes, you look at a fairly wider 
range for EBIT? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes, Manish, why don't you take the EBIT question first, and I'll address the 3-year revenue 
question. 
Manish Dugar: 
Sure. Yes. So Dipesh, as you know, means, last year, our guidance on the margin was 15.25% 
to 16.25%. And the primary reason why we maintain that range is because of the uncertainties. 
We are, as we speak, at 14.9%, while we are driving to a range of 14.6% to 16%. And the only 
reason for that is we believe there are some one-timers in this 14.9% like last quarter, and we 
had called it out specifically. 
We do believe that as we go forward, we will have opportunities both from an operating leverage 
perspective and from the perspective of all the productivity and operating levers that we are 
working on, which should help us further move towards the top end of the margins, other than 
the fact that some of the impact of acquisitions will get utilized. 
However, given the uncertainty, we wanted to make sure that our guidance does not get breached 
either at the bottom end or the top end, and hence, the guidance of what the normalized margins 
are. We expect that unless something drastically goes wrong, we should be more towards the 
middle or the top end of the margin range. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So, Dipesh, to answer your first question around the 3-year revenue growth rate versus TAM 
expansion, again off the top of my head, FY '22, FY '23 and FY24. FY '22, direct revenue growth 
was around 35%. Industry revenue growth in that year was probably around 16% to 20% range. 
FY '23, direct revenue growth was 12%. Industry growth in that year was probably in the 6% to 
8% range. FY24, direct revenue growth is minus 2.3%. Industry growth is probably in the 0% 
to 2% range. 
If you do a CAGR analysis, you will actually see that we probably grew 2x the industry on a 3-
year CAGR basis.. And by the way, this includes the impact of DR on the mortgage business 
because obviously, that included -- that was included in FY '22 and '23 numbers as well. 
So I think it's -- if you do -- the longer-range CAGR analysis you do, the better the performance 
will actually look. Obviously, this performance is getting muted by the impact that we've taken 
on two large hits in the last 12 months, mortgage and regional bank. But I think coming out of 
that, the CAGR -- the TAM expansion is actually working in our favor as also driven by the 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
large deal wins and the fact that we had a record 15 large deals in FY24. Happy to share more 
data as you wish. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
I have a few follow-ups. First about, let's say, data-wise, depreciation has inched up sharply this 
quarter, whether this would be new normal or there is any one-off in this quarter, which one 
should be aware of? Second question about if I look at New-Gen TCV which was always a focus 
area for us rather than total TCV. 
 
Now New-Gen TCV, if I look on TTM basis, it is showing Y-o-Y decline? So if you can provide 
some context to it, how one should read it? And lastly, let's say, vertical-wise, if I look at it, if 
you can provide some strength about how you expect growth trajectory to be led by in FY '25. 
And if any percentage you would like to highlight across vertical? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Manish, you want to take the depreciation question and then I can address the vertical outlook. 
Manish Dugar: 
Yes. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I didn't understand the second question, which was around the... 
Manish Dugar: 
TCV trailing 12 months, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes, okay. You can take that too. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
New-Gen TCV. I'm not referring to total TCV, New-Gen. 
Manish Dugar: 
Okay, New-Gen TCV. So on the depreciation, Dipesh, as you would have seen, the EBITDA 
expanded from 18% to 18.7%. And while the margin -- EBIT margin remained at 14.9%, the 
primary reason for that is some of the savings that we accrued were in the nature of non-cash 
and some of the savings, that onetime -- the depreciation increase that you are seeing is not 
normal. You should expect it to be in the range as it was in the prior quarters. Nitin, you want to 
take the New-Gen TCV? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I'll take the other two. I think the New-Gen number in the 75% to 80% range is kind of the 
average. The rest of it is actually comes from organic. As I mentioned, existing programs get 
ramped up, ramped down. And hence, you will see a tail of 15%, 20% that will reflect. I wouldn't 
read too much into the New-Gen number. 
I think as we go forward, as I mentioned, given the tech orchestration, people plus platform play, 
if anything, I think that will become the primary source of deal construction and deal wins. On 
outlook by vertical, I think we mentioned in the last quarter call that at least for the short term, 
we expect growth to be driven by BFS and TMT. And I think that is still the case, at least in the 
very short run. 
We do think that the worst is behind us in the logistics business. Travel business already actually 
been growing well for us between airlines and railroads. And I think even insurance business 
has grown well on a Y-o-Y basis, and we do have a pretty good view into trajectory for that 
business. I think, most of the businesses are pointing towards a pretty decent picture, purely 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
based on the in-account actions and the bottoms up work that the teams have done across all 
geographies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Yes. Nitin, I have one question on margin front. So the margin road map which we still -- as an 
outlook in FY '25, are we going to drive that? And what is our outlook on hiring as well? 
Manish Dugar: 
So I'll take the question on margin. Chirag, the constant philosophy for Mphasis has been that 
of investing for growth while maintaining margin in a narrowband. The narrow band, we believe 
will have a northward bias as the revenue scales and that is demonstrated in us continuously 
increasing the margin delivered on a year-on-year basis. 
Even the range this year, if you see is -- the lower end of the range has gone up if you normalize 
for the acquisition, means our reported margin is 14.9%. If you take the impact of acquisitions, 
the new one and the earlier ones. Adjusted for that, the margin is about 16%. And the range that 
we have called out will eventually look like 15.7% to 17.1%. 
So -- and most of this is driven by the philosophy that as and when we have opportunities in 
terms of short-term investment capability or long-term investment capability, we will invest in 
ideas and areas that help us broaden our spider chart, which we presented in the Investor deck, 
which are all the dimensions in which we want to continue investing to prepare the business for 
the future and for a long-term growth. 
And if and when there are some constraints, we have the ability to dial those investments down. 
So that enables us to ensure that the delivered margin remains in a stable range. And that is how 
we will continue doing it. And based on what we see today, 14.6% to 16% delivered margin is 
something that we believe we will be able to deliver in the coming year. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
On the head count front, I think still a little bit unclear picture as to where the immediate term 
discretionary demand will end up. So we are not really building any large capacity at this point 
in time given that we do have the ability to apply multiple levers. Just like you saw in Q4, we 
were able to actually show a pretty decent revenue ramp-up. Of course, we ate into some of the 
utilization and we got the benefits of seasonality back in as well. 
But I think the -- my -- at least the short-term view on hiring trends is that we will have to really 
be in lockstep with the demand forecast and we are very focused on doing a rolling 90-day 
forecast at this point. We still obviously have utilization that can further be improved. But at this 
point, I think we are sitting pretty comfortable with the capacity required for us to grow. 
And this will really have to be a very dynamic in-quarter decisions to be made around how much 
to invest in a ramp up capacity. However, a significant investment is already going into 
upskilling of the people, especially around some of these Gen AI platforms, both internal and 
third-party platforms. So I think there's a bit of a revolution or evolution going through in the 
supply chain as well. Supply chain will have to be very much in lockstep. And in a way,  highly 
automated way of operating, so we can make quick moves with short term -- short heads ups. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Manik Taneja: 
So I just wanted to get your thoughts on two things. In the past, you have spoken about on the -
- from a financial services standpoint, you've spoken about strength on the retail side, strength 
in wealth management and retail banking, while pressure in investment banking, given the lack 
of deal activity. 
Even what we are seeing in the more recent past in terms of new IPOs coming up in the 
developed markets, do you think this part of the business segment starts to do well for us? And 
if you could provide us some broad context of your split of business across some of the industry 
segments within banking? 
And the second question was with regards to the org structure or the GTM change that we did 
last year. If you could help us understand where are we in terms of settling down of the new 
GTM structure and also talk about the progress on the new client acquisition-led growth? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Sure. I think on the first one, interestingly, the reference I made to some shorter-term quick burst 
deals is actually a direct reflection of a little bit of the improved landscape when it comes to 
capital markets. We've seen some bank earnings, and we've seen the impact of trading and capital 
markets businesses actually surprise on the upside to The Street. Some of that is translating into 
actions that they're starting to take because the belief is that The Street is in the early stages of 
capital markets reopening. So I think some of that is definitely good news for the capital markets 
segment. 
Consumer banking, I think a lot of transformation work around experience transformation for 
customer experience, the cost takeout from operations, both business ops and IT ops as well as 
-- the capital markets and consumer bank are talked about. Asset and wealth is actually an area 
of investment because a lot of large firms have strategically decided to diversify towards asset 
and wealth given the annuity nature of those businesses. There, I think a lot of work is going on 
around data as well as adoption of Gen AI in the way they think about research and trading as 
well. 
So I think the -- obviously, the consumer lending segment is still a little bit stressed. The direct 
linkage of that to mortgage and auto loans. Both of those are either -- there's not enough volume 
or the delinquencies are higher. So those are actually a little bit of hot spots that we haven't yet 
found a full answer to. So that's kind of on the -- within the BFS segment, what's going on. 
Insurance, since BFSI is kind of typically talked about, I think there is decent demand for 
modernization solutions across life and annuities players. P&C guys are a little bit more class 
specific stories given the -- that their own internal dynamics are very different. And the brokers 
are also very rapidly refreshing their tech platforms, consolidating them and driving forward. So 
that's the reason why we've started to see some decent activity both in deals and in revenue on 
the insurance business as well on a Y-o-Y basis. Can you repeat the second question? 
Manik Taneja: 
My second question was regarding the org structure, GTM? 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. GTM structure. I think the structure is fully settled, Manik. I think we -- it's been 4 quarters 
now. We are starting to reap the benefits of these go-to-market account cohorts by vertical in the 
U.S. That was kind of the only change we made, I think, in our regional structure in Europe and 
emerging continues. 
I think the synergy benefit of having a set of accounts run by the same leadership team is what 
is driving our rapid expansion outside of the top 10 accounts -- outside of the top 5 accounts 
actually. I think there is a very interesting set of logos that were acquired in the last 3 years that 
are actually supercharging the overall book of business in BFS, and that's partly also one of the 
reasons why we are fairly confident about the short-term prospects in that business. 
Same thing for things like travel and airlines, same -- a very similar outcome that is being derived 
through the synergy that is generated in that unit as well. So I think we achieved the objectives 
that we set out to achieve. Obviously, FY24 was a head-winded year for the industry and for our 
clients. But I think as we are seeing this uptick and recovery in growth, I think that structure will 
probably become a fairly strong go-to-market pivot for us -- pillar for us. 
And not to forget that there is a very strong layer of solutions and tribes that actually cuts across 
all units, all markets, all geographies. So that continues to provide that consistency and 
scalability in deal archetypes. So I think everything is well settled in, given the ability to take a 
new capability and bundle into a deal archetype is well established at our end as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, thanks. So basically, I have a couple of questions. One is to, I know there's no easy answer 
to this, but just to understand what is the industry growth benchmark for you? Is it more around 
the Gartner IT services forecast number? Or this is more to do with what the average of top 10, 
15 players in Indian market may potentially do for this year? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
That's an easy answer. It's the latter. It's not the Gartner number. It's the -- it's really the 
NASSCOM forecast of the top 20 players average. 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood. And -- to the same point, if we see the number that Gartner is producing, in their 
forecast looks much better than what NASSCOM did last year and what they are expecting now. 
So is it more to do with corporates investing in AI where probably at this point Indian sales have 
less role to play or maybe some other technology we have lesser play at this point, which 
explains the difference of Indian IT growing slower than Gartner, which has never been the case 
historically. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think I would take the Gartner number for what it is. It's a forecast. It is not -- even in  -- 
into calendar '23, I don't think there was that level of growth as they forecast. They started the 
year with a 9% forecast. They ended the year with the 3% forecast. So I think they will revise it 
based on how the market evolves and develops. 
At this point, I do believe though that Indian IT is actually going to grow faster than global SIs. 
You can see that with some of the larger global SIs numbers and their forecast or consensus or 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
guidance for '24, you'll still see that, that number is actually lower than the average of the Indian 
SI growth number. 
And that has been the case for the last 25 years. I think the value migration in favor of India-
centric IT delivery is continuing, and of course, the gap has narrowed. It used to be a pretty big 
gap. But given that the overall industry growth has come off in the last couple of years, that gap 
has, of course, narrowed. 
So I think the right way to think about the growth rate is as we go through the year, where we 
end up with the forecast. Of course, that is a line in the sand that we follow because that's a 
benchmark that gets set at the beginning of the year. Some of that is also, by the way, consumed 
by the hyperscalers because of the early consulting services work that needs to get done before 
it turns into execution deals that actually come to SIs, both global and India. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, right. And just last bit, since we've been early into this AI theme, is there a way to 
understand the precise TAM within the or [SAM] within the $40 billion, $50 billion AI market 
that is defined, which would be more related to the kind of work which we may eventually do? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think the short answer is that there are wide-ranging forecasts of the size of the AI market, 
depending on what segment of AI you're talking about. If you look at machine learning, different 
estimate; Gen AI, different estimate; conversational AI, different estimate. Still very, very early 
days. So I think it's like the '95, '96 time frame with Internet. I don't think it's -- anybody has a 
clear handle. 
One thing though is very clear that things are moving very rapidly, and evolution is very fast, at 
least in the tech landscape. So I don't think it's going to take 5 years. Within the next couple of 
years, it will be pretty clear. 
The way I see it is, as we talked about during the commentary that I gave over the presentation, 
I think there is potential for almost every archetype, every service type to get enabled by some 
adoption of tech. Not all of it will be Gen AI. But if you look at something like Agile IT Ops, 
production support, service desk, there is a pretty significant combination of conversational AI 
and machine learning, pattern recognition, predictive, preventive self-feeling mindset that is 
actually driving a lot of adoption of tech platforms and AI in those service lines. 
So I think to me, just like digital was in the early days, there was a lot of tagging and retagging 
and redefinition. I think this is a phase we'll have to go through. Painful, but we'll have to go 
through it over the next few quarters. And then to me, almost everything you do must be touched 
by some form of tech, otherwise, it's going to get completely disrupted or it will disappear as a 
service line. And we've seen that with many, many past service lines. One really good example 
is stand-alone testing. It's pretty much non-existent today. 
So I think it's a refresh, almost every service type, every drive, every archetype and effectively 
approach the business as if almost everything will get touched by some element of tech. Now 
again, Gen AI is a high cycle issue. So I'm staying away from saying everything will be Gen AI, 
but almost everything has the potential of getting converted into a tech play. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The first question, Nitin, wanted to understand. I think you are the first one to highlight that the 
small tenure, small size deals are also forming part of the deal pipeline and the deal wins. So is 
it concentrated with a few clients in 1 vertical or it has been widespread across many verticals? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think it's -- I wouldn't say it is concentrated in 1 vertical, but given the outsized share of BFS 
for us, I think it's most visible there. And remember, the banks are almost always power gaining 
and early adopters of almost all new tech. So some of that is playing in there as well as they are 
starting to think about how these new tech platforms are in going to impact their overall 
programs. 
Many of them are already in the journey for cloud migration or transformation. Now this gets -
- gives them another lever to not just accelerate their journey, but actually fund that journey. So 
I think it is more broad based than just 1 or 2 verticals, but at the same time, I'm very enthused 
by the fact that the level of activity in BFS at least for us, is pretty strong right now. And that 
gives me a certain degree of confidence for the short term. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. And, Nitin, is it fair to believe now most of your client specific issue, large 
accounts across many verticals, which has impacted your growth in the last couple of years, are 
largely behind, especially in the top client within your BFSI vertical? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes, I think not commenting on any one particular customer. I think I did call out when we 
talked about the vertical outlook. Most of -- I wouldn't say all, but most of client-specific issues 
seem to be -- the worst seems to be behind us. As capital market activity recovers, I think 
whatever is left will probably get addressed through that. Then the only thing left to recover will 
be the interest rate sensitive business around mortgage. 
There, I still don't see any pickup in volumes. I think whatever sustainable revenue we are 
generating is being generated through either the fact that we are a lot more efficient than our 
clients operations or we are actually gaining share from some other providers and new 
customers. So I think it's a -- barring that segment, I think the large account issues seem to be -- 
at least seems -- the worst seems to be behind us. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just clarity in terms of your earlier comment FY'24 TCV is not fully reflected in 
terms of the conversion into revenues. So do you believe the first quarter FY 24 TCV which 
might not have been converted fully into revenues may -- now may not delay going forward and 
start looking in terms of conversion to revenues in the coming quarters. So despite the fourth 
quarter TCV being low, one cannot judge the softer revenue growth. It could be a vice versa 
where earlier quarters deal wins are converting into revenue and the growth could be better. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Absolutely. I think I called for that. It's not just the first quarter TCV. I think we had $1.38 billion 
in the last 4 quarters. A lot of that, we are consuming through. Some of the earlier deals are still 
not fully ramped up, and we've been calling for that delay happening over two quarters -- last 
two quarters. This quarter, we've seen some pickup in activity, and it's still not fully ramped up. 
So I think we'll continue to consume what order book we have as we also focus on closing the 
order book. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
And last clarification, Manish, just wanted to understand this G&A cost has gone down 
materially on absolute basis by 24%, what has led to this and what would be the normalized run 
rate? 
Manish Dugar: 
So Sandeep, the real metric that we kind of track and look for is the EBIT number. And when 
you have some onetime reversals and onetime charges, it may come in different buckets. So we 
do have a disclosure that there is a reasonable amount of money that we reversed in this quarter. 
A large part of that actually came in as a reduction in the G&A cost and the gross margin line 
item, while the investment that we made corresponding to that saving actually went in SE and 
gross margin. 
So you would see a reduction in the G&A number because of that while the SE looks higher. 
However, the real way to think about it is a longer term trend. And there, I think the number is 
a little higher than the 5% that we reported, and that is what the the normalized G&A will look 
like going forward. 
Sandeep Shah: 
14.9% as a reported margin does not have any one-off to call out, right way to understand? 
Manish Dugar: 
So 14.9%, last quarter also we had said that there is some bit of upside because of onetime and 
so is the case this quarter and which is why we have guided a lower end of 14.6%. However, the 
endeavor and the view is that if things remain stable and we are able to get operating leverage, 
we should be able to deliver 14.9% or higher. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Maybe my question was on BFS direct, excluding DR. What is the -- I mean, of course, in this 
quarter, it was down 9% Y-on-Y as we can see for the presentation, but I'm sure there's a 
sequential improvement in the business as we have seen. So what is -- if you could just basically 
give some idea to what is happening in that segment, what are our key trends, which we should 
look at? And going forward in the next 2 to 3 quarters, how do you see that segment playing 
out? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think, I actually addressed in a couple of different ways, both through my comments and 
through the previous questions. But just to kind of sum it up, the ability of enterprises to look at 
how they can redesign operations and technology using some of the newer capabilities that have 
been made available in the last 12 months is driving one pocket of conversations and deals. 
Not many of those deals are fully supersized yet because somebody will roll out a certain number 
of POCs or pilots or certain teams will actually adopt that first and then they will scale it. So 
that's one pocket of opening that we are seeing. That's why we've been very power leaning on, 
for example, the AWS around FS in the U.S. with a foundry approach. 
Second, I think the ability to -- for us to create deals, I gave an example of a production support 
COE for a large U.S. bank. That was not something that we would have been able to win 18 or 
24 months ago because that was a scale game, per ticket pricing, how many different locations 
do you have people in, what's the per ticket reduction you can commit over the next 12, 24, 36 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
months. Any how many thousands of people are in that operation for you will drive your ability 
to win that business? 
Today, that playing field has been level set because client is not focused -- or at least our 
approach to the business is to not get the customer to focus on the per ticket cost, but to focus 
on reduction in overall ticket volume because you can actually automate a lot of that intervention 
by using AI-led ops or machine learning combined pattern recognition combined with self-
learning. So that's a completely asymmetric opening of TAM. 
I don't know if that is – that  places everybody in the same position. The answer is probably not 
because that market by itself is going to get very heavily disrupted with automation and AIOps. 
But for us, that's definitely adding both to pipeline and to deals. 
And third, I think I talked a little bit about green shoots of activity coming out of this, the short-
burst deals. Some of it is linked to the capital markets recovery. Some of it is just linked to the 
fact that 1 quarter into the year, I think there is a little bit of change fatigue. They didn't really 
do much last year. They have to do a certain number of programs this year. Question is, what 
does the macro do to that spend on a 6-, 9-, 12-month basis? The answer is we don't know. We 
just have to focus on in-account action and bottom-up driving off wallet share gains. 
And I think given that we've also added a number of marquee logos in BFS in the last 18 to 24 
months, 36 months, that's a massive opportunity for us to gain share. So I think it's really a 
combination of all of these things. None of this is macro dependent for us because we really 
can't take a call on that. 
All of it is dependent on our actions and what we control, and that's what's driving our confidence 
in the fact that at least for the next -- for the first half of the year, we have decent visibility. We'll 
update that visibility as we get into the next quarter or two because that will give us a little bit 
more sense of whether these green shoots on short-burst deals are sustainable. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. But on the demand side, just to wrap up with clarifications on my side. On the demand 
side, I mean, how are the BFSI customers, again -- excluding mortgage that I'm talking about, 
how are the BFSI customers reacting to the interest rate scenario being pushed out further and 
further? Is there any dependency of the -- on the tech spend on this thing or do you think we are 
well past that and now tech spend hit the bottom end and from there we should recover? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think some of it is kind of just baked into the acceptance that higher for longer is here to 
stay. Question is whether July happens, September happens, I don't know any -- I don't think 
anybody knows. I think at this point, obviously, I mean, you saw the bank earnings, there was 
very little to call out there saying higher interest rates are hurting bank earnings. Yes, they are 
paying more for deposits, but their NIMs that have expanded for the last couple of years. 
So I think it's in a way kind of an uncomfortable equilibrium, so to speak. Question is, can that 
equilibrium be tipped in favor of higher spends? I think it's too early for us to call. That's why 
we're really, really focused on in-account actions. 

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over to Mr. 
Nitin Rakesh for closing comments. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Again, thank you all for your continued interest in Mphasis and your questions. And I know it 
was early in the morning. We are very, very pleased with the way we've executed over the last 
few months. Very focused on continuing to execute, as I mentioned, on a bottoms-up micro 
basis. And while the environment stays uncertain, we are cautiously optimistic. Thank you again, 
and I'll talk to you all in the next quarterly call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mphasis Limited, that concludes this conference. If you have any 
further 
questions, 
please 
reach 
out 
to 
Mphasis 
Investor 
Relations 
at 
investor.relations@mphasis.com. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
