 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
CIN: L15311MP2009PLC021746 
 
Registered Office : Khasra No. 378/2, Nemawar Road, Near Makrand House, Palda, Indore, Madhya Pradesh - 452 020, India 
Telephone : 91-731-2439999 E-mail : info@yellowdiamond.in Website : www.yellowdiamond.in 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: PSL/2024-25/CS/SE/12 
Date: 29th May, 2024 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: DIAMONDYD 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code: 540724 
Security ID: DIAMONDYD 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Call held in relation to the Audited Financial Results of the                      
Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 21st May, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Investor call held on 23rd May, 2024 in relation to the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024, is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Prataap Snacks Limited 
 
 
 
Parag Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
Parag 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Parag Gupta 
DN: c=IN, st=Madhya Pradesh, 
2.5.4.20=6c5ff649d7fe5add57cb61d4b7f09153
05ac14d3c1ef7eeca155c06b901d901a, 
postalCode=452005, street=Indore, 
pseudonym=d43cb9cd0dba03669019905f073
08bff, 
serialNumber=810ecfc4ca47eb0f8cb8393fe44
0cd9d2ba96d15159d22cf53476b295a49b151, 
o=Personal, cn=Parag Gupta 
Date: 2024.05.29 14:04:30 +05'30'

 
Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 1 of 25 
 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 23, 2024 
 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Thank you, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Prataap Snacks 
FY24 and 4th Quarter Call. 
From the management today, we have Mr. Amit Kumat - Managing 
Director and CEO and Mr. Sumit Sharma - CFO of the company. We will 
start with the opening remarks from the management post which we will 
take up Q&A. So, I would like to hand it over to the management now. 
Over to you, Mr. Kumat. 
Amit Kumat: 
Thank you, Himanshu. Good afternoon to all the participants and thanks 
for joining our Q4 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call. I trust all of you 
have reviewed our earnings documents, which was shared earlier. 
We have reported a resilient performance in Q4 FY24 despite the 
challenging macroeconomic conditions and persistent inflation which has 
impacted consumer behavior. We reported sales of Rs. 387 crores in Q4 
FY24. Urban areas continued to outspend rural areas during the quarter. 
However, there are initial signs of revival in rural spending on a sequential 
basis. 
Two key highlights of our topline performance are maintaining the 
leadership position in the Extruded Snacks category as well as continuing 
to drive robust growth in the Namkeen category, which remains a 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 25 
primary focus area for us. These accomplishments have been driven by 
initiatives such as range selling and expanding retail reach. 
I am most pleased to share the stellar EBITDA performance. In Q4 FY24 
EBITDA was Rs. 35.5 crore, a robust 87% increase compared to Q4 FY23. 
We have delivered an EBITDA margin of 9.1% in Q4 FY24, the highest in 
the last 26 quarters. We have been very focused on our margin 
performance and undertook many steps to structurally improve the 
margin. Additionally, a decline in some input prices coupled with process 
optimizations contributed to improving profitability. The improvement in 
EBITDA has also filtered down into PAT. In Q4 FY24, PAT reached Rs. 12.4 
crores, marking a 30% year-over-year increase compared to the adjusted 
PAT of Rs. 9.5 crores in Q4 FY23. Please note the one-offs in the PAT last 
year which are explained in note 1 of slide 32 of our investor 
presentation. 
If we look at the full year performance, revenues were Rs. 1,610 crores in 
FY24 compared to Rs. 1,642 crore last year impacted by the softer 
demand environment. However, there was much progress on improving 
our profitability as the company reported its highest ever annual EBITDA 
of Rs. 141 crores in FY24 which is higher by 126% on a year-to-year basis. 
Throughout FY23-24, the EBITDA margin was consistently above 8% in 
each quarter and we have reported a margin of 8.7% for the full year, 
indicating the structural and sustainable improvement in margin. This 
margin enhancement is due to compression of the distribution structure 
over the last two years as well as lot of effort from process improvement, 
cost optimizations and yield enhancement. There has been some support 
from lower prices of certain input. 
Profit after tax has grown to 52x from Rs. 1 crore to Rs. 53.1 crores in 
FY24 on a like for like basis despite higher depreciation. In light of this 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 25 
performance, the Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of 
40% per share with the face value of Rs. 5 amounting to Rs. 2 per share.  
We are taking several steps to accelerate growth. This includes the 
implementation of Sales Force Automation, which is already rolled out 
across a substantial proportion of our market. We now have access to 
richer and real-time data, which will lead to improved productivity of the 
sales team, identification of gaps and also help to improve the overall 
strategy and decision-making ability. This will be extended across all 
locations this year.  
We are augmenting our sales channels by entering into modern trade and 
quick commerce channel, which will complement our comprehensive 
presence in the traditional distribution channel. We are already 
onboarded into some of the leading supermarkets and hypermarket 
chains and are in advanced stage of discussion with several quick 
commerce platforms.  
In terms of our product portfolio, we will look to continue to perform well 
in Extruded Snacks with a focus on Pellet snacks. Another strategic 
initiative remains increasing the share of Namkeen in our revenue mix. 
The initial progress on increasing Namkeen will receive further 
momentum from our initiatives of range selling, Salesforce automation 
and entry into modern trade and quick commerce. Further, we are 
undertaking efforts towards more comprehensive coverage across select 
markets and we will look into addressing pockets of under penetration. 
We believe this will help us to further enhance our reach.  
We are also working on introducing some premium offerings under the 
‘Better for You’ range of products. This will help us to drive our objective 
of larger pack sales and will also benefit from our entry into modern trade 
and quick commerce. As part of the ongoing upgradation and 
enhancement of product range, we plan to launch new flavors such as 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 25 
‘Sizzling Hot’, which is a spicy flavor across product categories of extruded 
snacks and potato chips. There are some new offerings lined up for 
launching the Extruded Snacks and Namkeen categories too.  
We have recently commissioned new facilities in Jammu and Rajkot. The 
Jammu facility will help us to expand our reach in the regions across J&K 
and Punjab. In Rajkot 2, we will be manufacturing ‘Falahari mixture’ and 
Peanuts which will help to expand our product range.  
Looking ahead to FY25, we are optimistic given the initial signs of 
improved rural demand, the projections of a normal monsoon will 
provide further momentum to this trend. We are confident that our 
initiatives across Sales Force automation, range selling, entry into 
modern trade and quick commerce as well as augmentation to our 
traditional product portfolio will help us to drive accelerated growth in 
topline.  
On that note, I conclude my remarks, and we can open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Dipen Shankar with TrustLine. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipen Shankar: 
So, firstly from my side, what are the challenges we face in reporting 
strong double-digit growth in revenues and how do we see industry 
growth per se in the past year? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, if you see overall the rural market and the urban market with the 
lower strata income has been a big problem for all the companies. We 
don't have the exact number of our competitors, but definitely there has 
been pain for most of the companies in the rural segment and the lower 
strata income. But seeing the current scenario and the months which 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 25 
have passed on, things are improving a lot. We think that this year 
probably we can deliver double digit growth. 
Dipen Shankar: 
And sir, can you please throw some light on each category like Extruded 
and then Potato, Sweet and Namkeen segments? How do we see growth 
over there? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, Extruded segment, we are the leader in the Extruded segment in the 
country and we feel that most of the growth in the near future should 
come from Extruded snacks, mainly Pellets and Namkeen category. 
Namkeen in Yellow Diamond has done very well for the last year also. 
With almost zero growth also, the Namkeen category grew almost 16% 
for the year. 
Dipen Shankar: 
The contribution was 16%, right, sir, or growth? 
Amit Kumat: 
The growth in Namkeen, the contribution was also 16%. 
Sumit Sharma: 
Contribution is also 16%, but growth for Yellow Diamond and Namkeen. 
So, Namkeen has Yellow Diamond and Avadh - two kinds of portfolio. 
Avadh is primarily a regional Namkeen targeted to Gujarat market and 
YD Namkeen is more national variant. We are driving the range selling so 
the outlets where we are available, but the Namkeen range is not 
available. We are pushing Namkeen into existing outlets which is helping 
us to drive Namkeen growth. 
Dipen Shankar: 
So, if you are seeing such strong growth in Namkeen, so any other 
segment which is facing negative growth as such? 
Amit Kumat: 
I think all other sectors were basically they were okay, they were muted 
growth because volume wise, we were at zero growth last year. So, not 
much significant difference but Namkeen has done better than all other 
products. In the coming year, we are looking for more growth from 
Extruded Snacks and Namkeen. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 25 
Dipen Shankar: 
And how about this Sweet snacks portfolio, sir, we had higher growth 
ambitions on the Sweet snacks portfolio earlier. So, are we still hoping 
Sweet snacks portfolio to increase substantially in the coming years? 
Amit Kumat: 
Sweet portfolio has seen muted growth. We don't see any much 
significant growth in the Sweet snacks segment right now. We are trying 
different formats for the Sweet snacks segment but have no success yet. 
Dipen Shankar: 
And how about this off take on larger packs we were discussing last year, 
sir. So, is that segment’s contribution improving in the overall sense? 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, that sales contribution is also improving and with getting entry into 
modern trade that contribution will substantially improve in the times to 
come. We have got listed ourselves on the DMart and Reliance and there 
we are selling a Rs. 50 pack compared to the Rs. 5 pack what we sell 
maximum. With entry into modern trade and with both quick commerce, 
I think the large MRP packs contribution will definitely increase. 
Dipen Shankar: 
So, what is its contribution currently and what was it last year, sir? 
Amit Kumat: 
It is different for different segments. I think potato chips, it is close to 
25%-30% for more than Rs. 5 pack. For Extruded Snacks and other 
packages, it is mainly Rs. 5 only. So, overall contribution would be 
probably close to 12%-13% and I think that can go up to 25%-30% in 2 
years’ time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prakash Kapadia from 
Spark PMS. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Couple of questions from my end. Typically, what has been our rural and 
urban mix to total sales if you can share that in FY24? And secondly, Pepsi 
is trying to change the base oil from Palm oil to a blend of sunflower oil 
and Palm oil. So, what impact does it have on the industry and a player 
like us and what do you think will be the consumer's reaction? 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 25 
Amit Kumat: 
From the mix side, it is almost 50%-50% for the rural and urban market, 
not much different, but in urban market also, since we are in the Rs. 5 
segment category, we are majorly catering to lower strata income 
people. So, I think there was a pain there also last year which we have 
seen an improvement from this current year. On the oil side, basically we 
currently use Palm Olein and Cotton Seed oil and we believe they are the 
one of the best oil for frying medium across the world. But since there 
are consumer behavior when Pepsi launches and Frito Lay launches and 
they advertise a lot, I think we will have few varieties in Sunflower oil in 
times to come. But I don't see any health benefit coming out of it. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
So, the positioning need not be a healthy product is what you are saying? 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, I don't think so, yes. So, there is a lot of debate going on across the 
world on the quality of oil. I believe most of the oils are not that good for 
health. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And if you could help us understand the PLI scheme, there was some 
delay last year. What were the challenges as of now, where are we in 
terms of the PLI scheme and if you could help us understand the road 
ahead on that. And in your remarks you mentioned about the J&K plant. 
So, given that it has started, what is the annual benefit? What kind of 
CAPEX we have done? When do some of these benefits come to the P&L, 
if you could give some insights that will be helpful? 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, PLI, there was an obligation to invest almost Rs. 105 crores for CAPEX 
and the deadline was to complete that investment by end of March 24. 
So, we have completed our investment before the deadline, and we 
commissioned 2 new plants and there was some brownfield CAPEX. So, 
with regard to that investment, we have commissioned 2 new facilities. 
One is Jammu and the second is the new unit in Rajkot. We need to 
achieve some sales threshold to get the PLI benefit, so we are aspiring for 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 25 
that. We are targeting to achieve that number. The benefit is available till 
FY27. So, another three years, the benefit will be available.  
As far as Jammu is concerned, the Jammu plant was commissioned by the 
end of March, and it is operational. The overall capacity for Jammu facility 
is roughly about Rs. 160 odd crore at a full capacity utilization. The idea 
to use Jammu facility to develop the nearby markets like J&K, Punjab and 
Himachal, because those markets historically were not that strong for us 
because of logistic issues, we were not able to supply earlier. So, the 
Jammu facility will help us to maintain a consistent supply to these 
markets. The products we are planning in Jammu are Extruded Snacks, 
Pellet, Puff and Rings and Chulbule will be manufactured at Jammu 
location and rest of the items will be supplied from other locations. So, 
we will also have a hub in Jammu to maintain the full range of all the 
products.  
In addition to PLI benefit, there are another benefit linked to Jammu 
investment. Jammu total investment was about Rs. 22-Rs. 23 odd crore. 
So, as per the Jammu incentive scheme, whatever is the eligible 
investment, we will be able to get 300% of that investment. So, as per our 
calculation, the eligible investment is about Rs. 18 to Rs. 19 crores, so 
three times that means about Rs. 56-Rs. 57 crores kind of benefit will be 
available over the period of 10 years and this is basically the GST linked 
incentive. So, whatever GST charge in the invoice we will be getting 
equivalent to that benefit subject to the maximum cap of the amount 
which I mentioned. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And you mentioned there is a sales threshold for the PLI scheme, so how 
does that work? Is there an absolute number or a certain growth number 
which you have to achieve year-on-year till FY27? 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, there is a CAGR which has to be maintained over the base year. So, 
the base year was FY20, and we need to maintain at least 10% CAGR from 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 25 
FY20. So, that is how the threshold sales is calculated. All the products 
are eligible under PLI in our case except potato chips. Potato chips is not 
eligible under the PLI scheme for the incentive benefit. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
So, if I understand this correctly, going forward from FY25, some of these 
benefits will start accruing to us? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, that is what we are targeting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Arman with Blue Sky 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arman: 
Before we told that we will be targeting around Rs. 500 crores of topline, 
however, in Q2 earnings call, you clarified that it may take two more 
quarters. So, already we are on Q3 and Q4 already have been over. So, 
what is the timeline over there? When can we see your topline of Rs. 500 
crore? That is my first question. And the second question, which you have 
already answered, but just wanted to clarify once again that like PepsiCo, 
one of the previous participants has asked about the Palm oil and 
sunflower blend oil. So, our stand is clear that will not, that doesn't hold 
any other health benefits. So, what we are using it the best what can be 
possible, is that so sir? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, I don't think we can say it is the best. All the oils have different kind 
of attributes and people see it with different lengths. For frying medium 
stability wise, we believe Palm oil is the best oil available in the world 
today. And all the major players in the country use only Palm oil. Though 
during winter we have to use cotton seed oil because of the low freezing 
point for Palm oil. If they start using sunflower and they market it, I think 
it might give a different tangent to the market. So, we are doing few trials 
at our laboratory to see what can be done. Current sunflower oil available 
in the country is not good for frying, so you need a different kind of 
sunflower oil to be used in frying.  

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 25 
On the first question of revenue, we haven't hit that mark basically what 
we said last time, but with the current 10% growth momentum, what we 
see for this year, hopefully this year we should see this number in 
probably Q2 or Q3. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And these margin levels are sustainable, sir, at this level since we are 
already increasing our share of the Namkeen segment, which are 
comparatively better for us, so what kind of margin we can assume going 
forward? 
Sumit Sharma: 
I think the margins are sustainable on a full year basis. However, there 
will be some ups and downs in commodity pricing. So, on a quarterly, you 
may see some fluctuation, but for the full year, we are confident that 
these margins are sustainable because over the period we have done a 
lot of structural changes in terms of compressing the distribution 
network, in terms of other process reengineering, including the change 
in recipe, resizing the packet, resizing the corrugated boxes, etc., so those 
are permanent in nature. So, those are still with us. So, for long term for 
a full year basis, yes, we are confident, but there may be some variation 
on quarter-on-quarter basis subject to change in raw material pricing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadevia with 
MoneyGrow India. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
How are you so confident about the sales hitting Rs. 500 crores per 
quarter? What are the specific initiatives you have taken to drive sales 
across categories for the organic business? And incrementally what will 
come from the Jammu and Kashmir plant? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, on the first question, basically if you grew by 10%, the sales is almost 
close to Rs. 1,860 crores. If you can grow better than that, probably then 
Q3 we might be able to hit that number of Rs. 500 crore if you see 
historically because Q2 and Q3 are normally better than Q1. The initiative 
what we have taken is basically getting deeper into distribution and with 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 25 
the Jammu facility, we are targeting to cover whole of Punjab, Srinagar 
and Jammu market which we are currently very weak in those markets 
because it was very difficult to supply from Indore and other location. So, 
with more focus on Jammu plant and two different products from Gujarat 
and getting deeper distribution, we might be able to hit that number. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
What can Jammu plant generate in terms of sales at peak utilization? 
Amit Kumat: 
Jammu can probably deliver sales of Rs. 10 crores a month, but there 
would be some sales which basically we are currently getting from Hisar 
and Karnal plant which is the third-party operation. So, some of that 
production might shift to Jammu, but we can easily get sales of Rs. 10 
crores per month from the Jammu plant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Bhavik Shah with MK 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Sir, my question is what kind of new business initiatives are we looking 
for the next one or two years? Can you just elaborate on some of the 
initiatives? 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, so first, basically as I said in my opening remarks also. So, two major 
things what we have done in last 1.5 months is basically get enrolled 
ourselves into the modern trade and e-commerce. We have already 
started supplying in Reliance and DMart and we got enrolled with quick 
commerce, all the major 3-4 big agencies that supply should probably 
start within a month's time from now.  
So, these two initiatives plus we are also targeting to get into the export 
market. We recently got few orders from the Middle East from the Oman 
market and now we are getting into, there is a conference in Dubai in 
September, we are covering that conference also and we are hopefully, 
with these three initiatives we should get definitely decent number 
probably in a year's time. Plus, these are the new initiatives that we are 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 25 
taking plus basically we are also targeting to get deeper distribution with 
more range selling in the similar markets like, if you see our Extruded 
Snacks is available on most of the outlets where we covered, but if you 
see the Namkeen, it is still available only in 25% of the outlets. So, if we 
can make Namkeen available in all the outlets, it can definitely increase 
sales considerably. If suppose theoretically, we are available to 2 million 
outlets as per Neilsen number. Out of that 84% outlets they have 
Extruded Snacks, only 35% chips available with them and 25% of 
Namkeen available with them. Using technology and getting into SFA and 
DMS, if we can increase this number, sales can increase considerably. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Sir, what kind of opportunity does export have, like we can see an export 
market? 
Amit Kumat: 
I think probably in a year or two, it can go anywhere between Rs. 50 and 
Rs. 100 crores. We have just started this. Probably we have to learn a lot 
in the export market. We just started this, but I think the potential is to 
do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Alisha with Envision. 
Please go ahead. 
Alisha: 
Sir, a couple of quarters back, we were talking about cooling of RM prices, 
local players have become more aggressive and demand being weak, it 
was impacting our growth. So, any comment on what is the competitive 
intensity like and is there particular segment, say potato chips, which is 
witnessing maybe more competition than say Namkeen, any comment or 
color on that? 
Amit Kumat: 
I think the competition, there has been a lot of competition in the market, 
no doubt about that, but personally, in our few markets we have seen 
more competition in the chips segment, a lot of plants basically come out 
in UP basically, they are trying to sell very cheap, but since the commodity 
prices have already gone down from last one year, now they are 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 25 
increasing a little bit. I think the competition intensity won't increase 
from here. So, if you see AC Neilsen number, the local competition has 
taken almost 3% market share in last 1.5 year and I think that would be 
the peak according to me. 
Alisha: 
Sir, I just wanted to know that you said that local competition say come 
at 3% market share in 1.5 year, isn’t there scope for them maybe to 
expand a little bit and continue to hit us at the lower price point or maybe 
where distributions speak for the rest of the market and they can eat 
away a little bit more into everybody's market share? 
Amit Kumat: 
I think it is difficult. If you see past history also whenever the raw material 
prices come down, all the smaller players will pop up everywhere across 
the country, but they have that certain level and I think they have already 
reached that level. Probably, they can go up by 0.5% or more. But I don't 
see any significant change from here in the local competition. That is my 
take on it. 
Alisha: 
And how is the competition in Namkeen? Because I believe last time also 
we were saying that Namkeen the competition is aggressive. 
Amit Kumat: 
The competition is definitely aggressive in Namkeen, but with our 
presence available in the market, I think there is a lot of scope. In spite of 
zero volume growth last year, we grew YD Namkeen by 16% and currently 
we are only available in 25% of the outlets where Yellow Diamond is 
available. Out of the 20 lakh outlets, we have so far been able to deliver 
Namkeen to 5 lakh outlets only. I think there is enough scope for us to 
get Namkeen at a bigger range. 
Alisha: 
And any aspiration or target that where do we expect now that we have 
completed the rejig of our distribution network or model, this 20 lakh 
outlets that were present and where do we expect this to go and what 
outlet reach can Namkeen reach say by the end of the year? 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 25 
Amir Kumat: 
I think we can definitely increase the outreach by 50% for Namkeen by 
end of the year and overall outlets basically, we are already on 2 million 
outlets or 2.2 million outlets and with it is much better for us to get 
deeper into this outlet. The aim is to basically get deeper into that outlet, 
rather than increasing the number of outlets with help of SFA and DMS. 
Alisha: 
And with the Jammu and Kashmir plant, we are saying that it will help us 
cater to the demand of Jammu Kashmir, Punjab and maybe a little bit 
more of the North. Will that not also lead to some amount of expansion 
and distribution reach, or this is covered in the 2.2 million? 
Amit Kumat: 
I think they are almost covered in 2.2 million. There would be a slight 
increase, but the complete focus is more to get basically more sales from 
all of the current outlets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Naitik with Anvil Alpha. 
Please go ahead. 
Naitik: 
Sir, my question is, you mentioned about entering the Oman market, can 
you talk a little bit about which are the other countries that we are 
looking at apart from Oman? 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes. So, the Middle East, basically the crowd, there is a lot of Indian 
diasporas in the Middle East. So, one of the buyers came from Oman, 
which they visited a plant, and they gave order for a few containers. So, 
we are talking to a few more companies in Middle East who can take 
distribution of our products. The only problem in export is basically you 
need a lot of time in labeling and all those things. But I think we can open 
all our Middle East countries probably in next 6 months’ time. Main Focus 
is in our own brand of Yellow Diamond. 
Naitik: 
So, my second question is regarding deeper penetration in Jammu 
Kashmir and Punjab from our Jammu facility. So, I just wanted to ask, 
what would our current sales number in this region and you mentioned 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 25 
it could go up to Rs. 160 crore at peak, but what was the current 
contribution? 
Amit Kumat: 
I think the monthly sales of J&K, Punjab and Himachal market put 
together is close to Rs. 3.5 crores currently.  and probably it can double 
from here. The 10 includes basically that Hisar and Karnal plant, which 
will have manufacturing few things from Hisar and Karnal plant. So, some 
product will be shifted from Jammu to there instead of getting the 3P 
operation because we already have the facility, but in the current 
scenario probably, it will take some time, but we can double the sales in 
these three states. This is monthly sales  what we were talking about. 
Naitika: 
My last question is, you mentioned that Namkeen is currently present 
already in 5 lakh outlets out of say 20 lakh outlets, so my question is, I got 
this on previous calls also, so why is it taking us longer to make it to say 8 
or 10 lakhs, what exactly is taking time? 
Amit Kumat: 
There are two things basically. For Namkeen, if you go into different 
regions that taste changes quite a bit. If you go to South India and East 
India, probably the flavor changes as seasoning changes. So, we are 
developing the seasoning from the local market. Secondly, we are 
producing Namkeen only in Indore right now. The distribution from 
Indore to Guwahati and Kerala is not that easy, so probably it is taking 
more time. The first step is to get the product right for the different 
market and then probably get from Indore first and then start some 
production in Eastern India which is giving very good attraction right now. 
Because all other products are manufactured at many different locations, 
like Chips is manufactured at 4-5 locations, Pellets is available from 10 
locations. The proximity of production to market plays a very important 
role. These are the two reasons we have not been available to Namkeen 
across the country. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Kunal Patel with 
Equilligence Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Patel: 
So, my first question is regarding the PLI scheme. What is our base for 
FY25 PLI benefit? 
Sumit Sharma: 
FY25 you are asking or FY20 the original base on which the CAGR will be 
calculated? 
Kunal Patel: 
So, to avail benefits for the Financial Year ‘25, what is our revenue base 
on which you have to grow and to get the benefits? 
Sumit Sharma: 
The revenue base for FY25 is about Rs. 1,575 crores excluding potato 
chips. 
Kunal Patel: 
And we need to grow by 10% on that right? 
Sumit Sharma: 
No, this is the base, this is the threshold. This number is to be achieved. 
Kunal Patel: 
So, if I exclude potato chips revenue from our base, which is Rs. 1,610 
crores, so our revenue is close to around Rs. 1,240 odd crores, so you are 
saying from Rs. 1,240 we have to achieve Rs. 1,575 to avail the benefit, is 
that right, the calculation is right or not? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, that is right. 
Kunal Patel: 
So, essentially, Rs. 1,600 odd crores revenue, assuming there is no growth 
on potato should reach Rs. 1,900 odd crores in FY25? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes. Mathematically that is correct. 
Kunal Patel: 
So, where do you see this growth coming from, Rs. 300 odd crores, 
incremental? 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 25 
Amit Kumat: 
As explained earlier, basically, the major growth that we are expecting 
from Extruded snacks, Pellets and Namkeen. These are the two 
categories we will think we can grow maximum for us. 
Kunal Patel: 
But most of the categories are not growing more than 10%-15% odd, then 
how we are going to achieve 25% growth? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, I think the exact number is not 25%. The growth in this sector 
probably would be close to 20%. We don't have the exact number right 
now. It should be close to 20%. And as I think with all the initiatives that 
we are taking, we are trying definitely to hit that number. 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, we are certainly gunning for this, and we are aiming for this and we 
are working in the direction and we will accrue incentive only at the end 
of the year once we are able to hit that number. So, we are not accruing 
on a quarterly basis like what we did earlier. 
Kunal Patel: 
I am just trying to understand your previous statement where you were 
assuming Rs. 500 crores of topline in Q3 and Q4, so if Q3 and Q4 base is 
Rs. 500 crores, then you have to grow significantly higher in Q1 and Q2 
for this year to achieve Rs. 1,900 crores of revenue, is this growth 
achievable? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, I think as I said earlier, basically we are very confident of the double-
digit growth. If we can grow by 18% to 20%, we are definitely gunning for 
it. We can't comment right now. We are definitely gunning for it. 
Kunal Patel: 
Sir, coming to my second question, which is on margin, so how much 
more operational benefits is available from all the initiatives we have 
taken over last few years assuming stable oil prices? So, we are at 9.1% 
for this quarter, so what should be our exit margin for FY25? 
Sumit Sharma: 
I will not comment specifically on FY25, I will more give you some color 
on what it will look like in next two years, three years’ time on a 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 25 
sustainable basis. So, there are a few areas where still we see some 
potential that includes distribution channel cost. Initially, the channel 
cost was higher when there was a Superstockist and when we shifted 
from 3 Tier to 2 Tier distribution model, we increased the margin for our 
existing distributor because we didn't want to have any hiccups during 
the transition. So, that potential is available and over the period, the 
channel margin for the distributor will be reduced, so that will give some 
realization benefit and that will also help improving the EBITDA margin. 
So, that one lever is available especially on the distribution channel side.  
Another lever is available in the operational cost. There are some line 
items where we are driving some efficiency program and cost cutting 
program. We are also taking external help to drive this program and those 
include essentially the labor cost, logistics cost, logistic is a big cost, which 
is about 7%-7.5% of the overall revenue, stores and consumables spares 
consumption, so these are few line items, especially in the operation side 
where we are driving cost cutting and efficiency drives. So, this will help 
us to get another 2% to 3% savings over the next two years’ time. 
Kunal Patel: 
And finally, sir, we are talking about exports, so does export also gets 
included in this PLI or not? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, that is included. 
Kunal Patel: 
And what is our current capacity utilization? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Utilization level is about 55% after having the additional capacity in 
Jammu and Rajkot Unit 2. There is enough headroom available to drive 
the growth. So, I don't think the capacity would be a constraint and going 
forward, we won't have any significant capex for the next two years. So, 
I think the investment phase is over which is already in place. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tushar Bohra with MK 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 25 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sir, couple of points quickly. We highlighted the initiatives that we want 
to do on modern trade and some of the new commerce delivery sites. 
Can you just explain a little bit more qualitatively what kind of initiatives 
that we are taking there and what kind of revenue potential it has, even 
if it will take maybe a few quarters to achieve it, but what kind of 
potential this channel has? Secondly, what kind of growth momentum we 
can hit if we are able to take the, let us say, double the penetration of 
outlets for Namkeen and also with the efforts on modern trade side, what 
kind of numbers can come from there also? 
Amit Kumat: 
First on the modern trade, if you talk about basically if you see in the 
country 60%-70% volumes come from only two guys, DMart and 
Reliance. We were basically not working with them. Probably we stopped 
working them last year with the prices increased and there was problems 
at our end. We have just opened these two outlets, DMart has started in 
Indore and Reliance has started in a few locations. I think the potential 
could be close to Rs. 50 crores a year in these two outlets. The e-
commerce, all the Swiggy, Instamart, Blinkit and Zepto, we are already in 
the process of registration. I am not very sure about the numbers we can 
achieve from those places, but probably it could be Rs. 50 lakhs a month. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, you are saying 50 lakhs a month to start with is the immediate 
potential? 
Amit Kumat: 
Yes, to start from Blinkit. The potential could be much bigger still to be 
explored, but I think the potential with these two guys basically we have 
already seen earlier is much bigger in modern trade, in Reliance and 
DMart. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And if you are able to double the penetration for Namkeen or let us say 
50%, also if you are able to increase like you highlighted for this year, how 
much does that impact the sales on a full year basis? 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 20 of 25 
Amit Kumat: 
If we increase 50% outlet in Namkeen, it should give additional sales of 
4% to 5%. 
Tushar Bohra: 
On the overall basis? 
Amit Kumat: 
For the whole company on overall basis. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And you said that for us to increase penetration in Namkeens, we have 
to get the product placement right in terms of seasoning and the taste 
etc., as well as we are able to ramp up manufacturing. Do you have any 
timelines on both these initiatives and whether it is going to happen all 
at one shot or in a staggered way? What is the strategy that we are 
adopting, sir? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, product basically, we have already developed the products. Probably 
in the next 2-3 months we will launch the products across East India and 
South India because normally in North and West India taste is very 
similar. Once the sales momentum gets up in eastern India, I think the 
second facility of Namkeen probably we might have to put next year in 
Calcutta for the eastern market, it is very difficult to supply continuously 
from here, seeing the distance from here to Guwahati. So, getting the 
right product at the right time is not easy. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Are we not looking at any Namkeen manufacturing in the Southern 
states, sir? 
Amit Kumat: 
Not yet, because the Southern market is very small for us in Namkeen 
category right now. The East has grown quite a bit last year. So, probably 
we start with East India, we are already talking to one or two, 3P facilities 
in eastern India. Let us ramp up the eastern India and then probably you 
can look for the southern India market for Namkeen. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 21 of 25 
Tushar Bohra: 
One last if I may, in the presentation we have mentioned certain products 
being pruned out as well as some new product innovations that you are 
working on, if you could maybe share more details, sir around this? 
Amit Kumat: 
So, in the Extruded Snack segment, we have added few products, 
something like crazy product basically in the tomato flavor side, we have 
added few different flavors in potato chips and chulbule. If you see the 
trend worldwide across basically the Korean chilies in vogue across the 
world, so there are three new flavors in the potato chips that is ‘Chili 
Cheese’ - cheese flavor with some chili, Korean and Naga chili flavor. 
Similar thing we did with chulbule and two flavors. So, these are the 
product range what we have added to the chili range in across the 
category. Secondly, we are working on some few healthy products or 
‘Better For You’ products in which we are doing ‘Makhana’. The product 
has already been developed. So, this product like ‘Makhana’, ‘Protein 
Puff’ and ‘Peanut Puff’, which can go into modern trade also, e-commerce 
also, and export also. So, these are the two ranges we are currently 
working on.  
For the regular market, the lower strata income and the BCD market we 
have developed this chili flavor and few flavors for modern trade, e-
commerce, and export market mainly in makhana, protein puff and 
peanut flavored puff. Product has already been developed, is still working 
on packaging. Probably it might take another two months to put this 
product into the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Harsh Shah with 
Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, if I am not wrong, the PLI base for FY26 is FY22, right? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, absolutely right. So, for FY26, the base would be FY22, our FY22 sales 
of eligible product was similar to FY20 because of COVID, there was no 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 22 of 25 
growth unfortunately. So, for FY26, the base will remain same what is for 
FY25. 
Harsh Shah: 
So, how much will be in FY26 to be eligible for PLI, just like you gave Rs. 
1,575 crores net of Potato Chips? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Almost similar number, Rs. 2-Rs. 3 crores here and there, but otherwise, 
largely it is a similar number like FY25 close to Rs. 1,575 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Arman with Blue Sky 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arman: 
Sir, just a bit of clarification because once before when I asked about the 
margin the management told about like 8.7% what we have maintained 
for the full year will be maintained for the current year, however, when 
another participant asked the same question you told they can't commit 
on that, but however for 2-3 years you are saying 200 to 300 basis points 
improvement. So, I just wanted to clarify what is our take on margin. Is 
this level of 8.7% maintainable?  
Also when we said that our higher products like maybe for large package 
for which we have currently 12% share which will increase in eventually 
in two years to around 25%, doesn't that add more to our margins and 
can we assume that 8.7% is the base case that continuously on overall 
basis for the full financial year, it should either maintain or it should 
improve from year one onwards? 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, Arman, I will reiterate that margin, what we have got FY24, these are 
sustainable on a long-term basis and we don't see any issue. However, on 
a quarterly basis there may be some variation depending upon the 
commodity pricing, but for a full year basis, we are confident that these 
numbers are sustainable. I think there was another question which was 
related to a fixed percentage of EBITDA margin which I said I cannot 
comment on that fixed percentage that was double digit, but yes, we are 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 23 of 25 
aspiring for that, but these levels of margins are sustainable on a full year 
basis. For quarterly, there could be some variation, again depending upon 
the raw material pricing. As I also mentioned in my earlier answer there 
are a few levers available for margin expansion both in distribution side 
as well as in operation side on which we are working, and those levers 
will help us to expand our margin further from here. So, that gives 
confidence to get double digit EBITDA margin on a sustainable basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Himanshu. Please go 
ahead. 
Himanshu: 
I just also had just one key question, if you could talk about the marketing 
and promotion spends for the year and what is the outlook on this, 
because I believe to boost growth and in light of competition, we might 
have to increase our marketing and promotion spends and any impact in 
case you would see on margins on that front, sir? 
Amit Kumat: 
Last year, where marketing spend was close to 1.25%, this year we are 
targeting anywhere between 1.5% and 2% and I don't think that will have 
any impact on the margin because that can be definitely taken up by the 
extra fees that we generate through advertisement. So, no significant gap 
should come because of increased advertisement cost. 
Himanshu: 
And any changes in the promotion that you are seeing, maybe by the 
unorganized or local players which you need to match, has there been 
any significant change in the channel margins or promotions that you 
need to give out? 
Amit Kumat: 
There has been no change in the channel margin. We have definitely 
reduced the channel margin as we discussed earlier, but the retailer 
margin depends from area to area and market to market. We might have 
to give a few schemes depending on the competition, but they are not 
significant enough which can change anything. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 24 of 25 
Himanshu: 
And sir, finally just one point on the overall, you said that you are running 
at about 55%, so there is no CAPEX, I believe, and cash flow generation 
remains strong for us. So, in terms of capital allocation going forward, 
have we sort of, what is our plan like, would we be thinking of returning 
more cash to the shareholders or maybe are we looking at some inorganic 
opportunities as well? 
Sumit Sharma: 
We have a formal policy for this, and we will use this capital in the best 
possible way to maximize the shareholders wealth. No concrete plan yet, 
but we are evaluating the best possible utilization of the surplus cash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankit Minocha with 
MRLR Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Minocha: 
I wanted to check on the pricing environment that you have seen with 
the competition and for the coming one or two quarters, are you also 
looking at any sort of price increases from your end? 
Amit Kumat: 
We are not looking at any price increases right now because there is a lot 
of competition in the market, if you can sustain the same pricing that 
would be better for us. But with the few products that we are launching 
in the premium segment and probably this or next quarter, we might get 
a better realization. 
Ankit Minocha: 
Sorry, I was a little late, so I might have missed this. Have you shared any 
sales and EBITDA margin guidance for the next year? 
Amit Kumat: 
We are targeting double digit growth. And EBITDA Sumit has already 
explained that. 
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes. we are just targeting to maintain or slightly enhance the margin for 
full year and going forward, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, that 
there are two levers available, especially on the distribution and 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 25 of 25 
operation side, which will help us to further expand our EBITDA margin 
from here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
We have reached the end of question and answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Amit Kumat: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on this call today. Very interesting set 
of questions. We look forward to interacting with you again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
