 June 04, 2024 
The Secretary 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 540975 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024  
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
This is further to our earlier letter dated May 29, 2024, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of 
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024, held on May 29, 
2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call. 
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts  
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
Thank you 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Alisha Moopen 
Deputy Managing Director 
(DIN : 02432525)
ALISHA 
MOOPEN
Digitally signed by 
ALISHA MOOPEN 
Date: 2024.06.04 
17:49:23 +05'30'

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q4 and Full Year FY24 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
Management:   
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Dr. Nitish Shetty – Chief Executive Officer, India 
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Chief Financial Officer, GCC 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Chief Financial Officer, India 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief of Investor Relations and M&A 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Puneet Maheshwari  
__________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 

Puneet Maheshwari: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare earnings 
conference call for the fourth quarter of FY24. The company declared the Q4 
and full year financial results for FY 2023-24. With this, we have the senior 
management of Aster DM Healthcare namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy 
Managing Director; Mr. T. J. Wilson, Non-Executive Director; Dr. Nitish Shetty, 
CEO of Aster India; Mr. Amitabh Johri, CFO GCC; Mr. Sunil Kumar, CFO India 
and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief of Investor Relations and M&A. 
 
I would like to inform everyone about how we will conduct this call. All 
external attendees will be in listen-only mode for the duration of the entire 
call. We will start the call with opening remarks by management, followed by 
an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will have a chance 
to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the raise hand icon in 
Zoom application at the bottom of your window. We will call out your name 
after which your line will be unmuted, and you will be able to ask your 
question. We request you to please limit your questions to two, but not more 
than three per participant at a time. 
                                            Certain forward-looking statements may be discussed in this meeting and 
such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government 
actions; local, political, or economic developments, technological risks and 
many other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Aster 
DM Healthcare Limited, will not be in any way responsible for any action taken 
based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update 
these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or 
circumstances.  
                                            With this, I will ask Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with opening remarks. Over 
to you Ms. Alisha. 
Ms. Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you Puneet. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our Q4 
and full year FY24 earnings call. Ladies and Gentlemen, I’ll be sharing a brief 
on our India quarterly and full year performance along with a successful 
completion of GCC segregation before Dr Nitish talks about India business 
performance including the cluster wise performance details.  

                                           I am really happy to inform that we have concluded the segregation of our 
India and GCC businesses successfully on 3rd April 2024 post obtaining all the 
regulatory 
approvals 
and 
fulfilling 
the 
conditions 
diligently.                             
I want to express my deepest appreciation for ushering in a new era to shape 
Aster India's future. The segregation has clearly allowed us to tailor our 
strategies to the distinct growing needs of these geographies and also 
position us to seize the unprecedented growth opportunities in the Indian 
healthcare market.  
                                            I want to appreciate the wealth of expertise contributed by our board and 
top management team to make this transaction happen. Their diverse 
backgrounds and experiences have been invaluable in overcoming the many 
challenges that we faced during this transaction. Despite its complexities, 
their collaborative efforts and strategic insights have guided us through and 
made us stronger and more resilient, paving the way for this successful 
transaction demonstrating the exemplary level of governance maintained by 
our board, especially considering its nature as a related party transaction.  
                                           The overwhelming support from all the proxy agencies and the strong 
shareholder approval in the majority of minority resolution were true 
reflections of how governance was upheld. This speaks volumes about the 
transparency, fairness, and integrity with which this transaction was 
conducted, reaffirming our commitment to the highest levels and standards 
of corporate governance.  
                                            Looking ahead, the prospects for Aster India remain truly promising. We are 
focused on growth through brownfield and greenfield projects, aiming to add 
1,700 beds within the next three years. We also acknowledge the trust and 
long-term investment that our shareholders have made with us, with a 
significant portion of the proceeds from the transaction paid as dividends.  
                                            This entire transaction has resulted in a substantial inflow of cash proceeds 
amounting to USD 907.6 million. I am delighted to mention that we have 
distributed ~80% of the receipts from the sale of GCC business, as a special 
dividend of INR 118 per share, underscoring our strong cash position. 

                                           The remaining 20% of the proceeds have been earmarked for strategic 
initiatives, particularly inorganic growth opportunities. This will enable us to 
explore and capitalize on acquisitions and partnerships that can enhance our 
service offerings and expand our market footprint.  
                                           Now, coming to the overall India long-term performance, over the last five 
years, our India operations have experienced significant growth, with a 
compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 23% in revenue and 38% in 
Operating EBITDA up to FY24. This growth has been driven by the significant 
capacity expansion, ARPOB growth, increasing international revenue as well 
as advanced quaternary and tertiary healthcare services.  
                                           Our India revenue experienced significant growth during the year with the 
growth 24% YoY, surging to INR 3,699 crores, supported by addition in bed 
capacity of 550+ beds in the last year and YoY growth of 10% in ARPOB which 
is now reaching to INR 40,100 in FY24. Our revenue from international 
business has also shown a remarkable growth of 44% YoY to INR 188 crore 
vis-a-vis INR 131 crores in FY23.   
                                           Now coming to the EBITDA, our India Operating EBITDA exhibited strong 
growth, increasing 30% YoY reaching INR 620 crores in FY24. Overall India 
operating EBITDA margin has increased to 16.8% in FY24 as compared to 16% 
last year. This has been mainly aided by cost efficiencies, operational leverage 
and EBITDA breakeven in Lab’s business. As a result, overall ROCE from the 
India business recorded at 16.4% in FY24 vis-a-vis 13.4% in FY23. Our core 
Hospital Business has delivered EBITDA margin at 19.5% in FY24 vis-a-vis 
18.9% last year. In fact, our matured hospitals which are the hospitals with 
more than 6 years of vintage contributing 77% to our hospital segment 
revenue, delivered 22.4% EBITDA margins in FY24 with an impressive growth 
in ROCE standing at 32.0% in FY24 vs 24.7% in FY23. Our deliberate efforts to 
establish a sustainable model is clearly demonstrated in our well-diversified 
specialty revenue mix, with actually no single specialty accounting for more 
than 15% of the total hospital revenue in FY24.  
                                           Now coming to our new businesses of both Labs & Pharmacies they have 
grown at faster rate of 32% YoY at INR 286 crore in FY24, now contributing to 

approximately 8% of the total revenue. The Labs business has demonstrated 
EBITDA breakeven in Q4 FY24.  
                                           India Profit before tax (PBT) has increased 34% YoY to INR 281 crore in FY24 
and India PAT (post minority interest) has increased 28% YoY to INR 188 crore 
in FY24. 
                                           Our Q4 FY24 PAT was impacted by one off item which Sunil will be explaining 
in more detail. Adjusting to that one off item our PAT has actually grown by 
84% YoY in Q4 FY24.  
                                           Our balance sheet, it remained strong with Net debt to EBITDA (Pre IND-AS) 
reducing to 1.1 times as on 31st March 2024 v/s 1.3 times as on 31st March 
2023.  
                                           Coming over to our capex investments, we have added 550+ beds during the 
year which includes 286 beds in Whitefield, Bangalore. I am really excited to 
share about our success at the Whitefield hospital, which actually achieved 
the EBITDA breakeven in just 3 months at ARPOB o f INR 70,000 + for Q4FY24.  
                                           At the outset of our expansion plan, we are on track to increase our bed 
capacity through a prudent mix of both brownfield as well as our greenfield 
projects which will result in our Aster Medcity and Aster CMI hospitals 
expanding to 950+ beds and 850+ beds respectively. Both our greenfield 
projects in Trivandrum and Kasargod are progressing well, and we are also 
exploring the opportunities to expand into nearby states such as Maharashtra 
and Tamil Nadu as well as North Indian geographies such as Uttar Pradesh. 
This expansion will not only increase our capacity and footprints but also 
enhance our offerings in specialized medical care with the best clinical 
outcomes. 
                                           We're really happy to be able to receive some very prestigious awards in the 
last financial year. Our commitment to outstanding healthcare delivery was 
recognized at the Financial Express Healthcare Awards 2024, where we were 
honored as the "Best Hospital Chain of the Year" and also was conferred with 
the title of 'Hospital Chain of the Year' at the Economic Times Healthcare 

Awards.  Additionally, our multiple hospitals such as Aster Medcity and Aster 
CMI were ranked amongst the top multispecialty hospitals across India by 
Economic Times, Times of India, Outlook and The Week. We have also been 
awarded for Excellence in CSR by The Economic Times 
                                           I just want to conclude by sincerely thanking you all for your trust that you've 
shown in our strategy of segregating our businesses. Identifying the 
significant demand-supply gap in India's healthcare sector reinforces the 
confidence in our approach. We are truly excited about our journey ahead as 
a pure play India entity with a much sharper focus and remain on course to 
providing not only value but also sustained growth in the coming years with 
the leadership team in place. Your confidence it motivates us, and we are 
eagerly anticipating to exceeding your expectations and achieving shared 
success. Our expansion initiatives for India are robust and we will surely 
deliver strong performance and help to generate value for our shareholders.  
                                           I will now request our CEO Dr. Nitish Shetty, to elaborate more on India’s 
performance including segmental and cluster wise performance. 
                                  Thank you all very much. Over to you Dr. Nitish. 
Dr. Nitish Shetty:           Thank you, Alisha. A very good morning and thank you all for joining our Q4 
and full year FY24 earnings call. The Union Ministry of Health has increased 
its budget to USD 11.3 billion for FY 2023-24, representing a notable 13% 
increase from the previous year. This move underscores the government's 
commitment to improving healthcare services in India. With this in mind, we 
are fully dedicated to expanding our healthcare services and continuously 
strive to harness this potential.  
                                           Moving to the updates in India business performance for full year FY24: 
Alisha has covered most of the aspect, but I'll add a few more important 
points here. Our continuous efforts pertaining to capacity expansion of 550+ 
beds over the last one year have supported in a 24% YoY revenue growth and 
30% Operating EBIDTA growth of overall India business in FY24. 

                                            Coming to the core hospital business performance, our core India hospital 
business including the clinics grew by 23% showed an impressive revenue of 
INR 3,519 crores for FY24. The effective implementation of cost optimization 
and operational leverage has resulted in a notable growth of 28% in a core 
hospital operating EBITDA, delivering operating EBITDA margins of 19.5% in 
FY24. Excluding O&M model hospitals, our core India hospital business grew 
by 20% reaching to our revenue of INR 3,395 crore in FY24, the effective 
implementation of cost optimization and operational leverage has resulted in 
a notable growth of 25% in core hospital operating EBITDA excluding O&M 
models, delivering operating EBITDA margins of 20.3% in FY24.                                       
                                           Coming to our new business performance, the revenue from Labs and 
Pharmacies businesses grew by 28% and 36% respectively in the FY24, with 
Lab business achieving EBITDA breakeven in Q4FY24.    
                                           Insurance payor mix, this is a very important aspect where we have seen the 
overall payor mix has changed in the FY24 with the insurance patients have 
increased by 120 bps YoY to 27.3% and International Patients have also grown 
to 5.4% improved by 76 bps YoY, offset by cash and scheme patients. 
                                           Coming to the cluster wise performance, Our Karnataka & Maharashtra 
cluster performed diligently with the contribution of 31% in the overall 
hospital business revenue. The revenue of the cluster grew by 35% YoY and 
Operating EBITDA grew by 44% in FY24 with the strong start of Whitefield 
hospital at Bangalore location.  
                                           I am very pleased to share that our Whitefield hospital at Bangalore has 
achieved EBITDA breakeven within 3 months in Q4 FY24, giving us a great 
confidence to create similar successful models in the upcoming geographies. 
While reflecting further upon the Whitefield Hospital project, its success is 
attributed to strategic decisions such as focusing on underserved specialties 
like oncology, creating a standalone mother and child hospital adjacent to a 
multi-specialty facility, attracting top talent by offering a comprehensive 
range of services and addressing the demand for single rooms. The hospital's 
design and service offerings cater to the current and future needs of patients 
and healthcare professionals, contributing to its rapid growth and success. 

                                           Our Kerala cluster, continues to contribute 57% in the overall hospital 
business revenue, showed a decent performance including revenue growth 
of 19% YoY and EBITDA growth of 21% YoY in FY24 aided by the sustained high 
occupancy levels and price growth. APROB of Kerala cluster witnessed a 
growth of 10% YoY at INR 39,800 in Q4FY24, which is the reflection of price 
hike, changes in specialty mix and reduction of scheme work. 
                                           Andhra & Telengana cluster performance remained steady with revenue 
increased by 20% and EBITDA grew by 29% YoY in FY24. 
                                           Coming to our Clinical Performance, we are very proud to mention that we 
have significantly grown on clinical side providing cutting edge medical 
treatments and performing 500+ transplants in FY24 v/s 430+ transplants in 
FY23, more than 1,140 robotics surgeries in FY24 v/s 480+ robotics surgeries 
in FY23 and many more areas of achievement in the clinical space. 
                                           Coming to the Capex, with more than 10% of our current bed capacity is added 
in FY24; we have now reached to 4867 bed capacity as of today. To capitalize 
the opportunity of the India’s large population and low hospital bed density, 
we are making substantial capital investments, aiming to increase our total 
bed strength capacity to over 6,500 by FY27, with plans to add approximately 
1,700 beds in next 3 years. 
As we enter FY 2025, we are confident that our increased focus on India will 
bring positive results. We look forward to sharing updates on our progress in 
the upcoming quarters. 
I now request our CFO, Mr. Sunil to elaborate more on our financial 
performance. 
                                         Thank you very much. 
Sunil Kumar M R:         Thank you, Dr. Good morning, everyone. For the quarter ended 31st March 
2024, revenues have increased to INR 978 crores, up by 22% from INR 804 
crores in Q4 FY23 and operating EBITDA has increased to INR 167 crores with 
margin of 17.1% compared to INR 135 crores in Q4 FY23 with the growth of 
24%. Adjusted PAT post NCI for Q4 FY24 is at INR 87 crores compared to INR 

48 crores in Q4 FY23 with the growth of 84% YoY. For the year ended 31st 
March 2024, India revenues have increased to INR 3,699 crores, up by 24% 
from INR 2,983 crores in FY23. The operating EBITDA has increased to INR 620 
crores, with the margin of 16.8% compared to INR 477 crores in FY23, with a 
growth of 30%. 
                                            Adjusted PAT post-NCI for FY24 is at INR 240 crores, compared to INR 147 
crores in FY23, with a growth of 63% YoY. Adjusted PAT for Q4 and FY24 
excludes recognition of one-time net deferred tax liability of INR 52.5 crores, 
which is a non-cash item arising out of transition to the new tax regime 
following the segregation of our GCC business. ARPOB for FY24 has seen an 
overall growth of 10%, rising from INR 36,500 to INR 40,100., Excluding our 
O&M asset light hospitals, ARPOB increased by 14%, from INR 37,000 to INR 
42,100. This growth has been achieved through revenue assurance, price 
increase, and improved case mix. In terms of cost optimization or material 
cost percentage, excluding the wholesale Pharmacy, has steadily declined 
over a period of time, which was 25.3% in FY22 to 23.5% in FY23 and further 
reduced to 22% in FY24. This reduction reflects our effective cost 
management, 
strategic 
procurement, 
and 
operational 
efficiencies 
implemented across our business units. 
In addition, we have continued to maintain positive operating EBITDA for the 
past two consecutive quarters in our own O&M asset-light hospitals, and 
achieved EBITDA break-even in our diagnostic segment, Aster Labs in Q4FY24. 
For FY2024, our capital expenditure total INR 392 crores, with approximately 
60% spent towards expanding our capacity. 
                                        Over the next three years, we aim to add nearly 1,700 beds, with 60% of these 
being brownfield expansion to ensure there is no dilution of margins. 
Optimized cash allocation coupled with margin movement, our ROCE has 
experienced significant growth. 
                                           ROCE surged by 300 basis points YoY, reaching 16.4%. Hospital and clinic 
segment excluding O&M asset-light hospitals, ROCE rose to 24% from 20.9% 
in FY23. Matured hospitals saw an impressive increase in ROCE by over 700 
basis points, reaching 32% in FY24.  Aster India, net debt stands at INR 556 

crores as on 31st March 2024 compared to INR 510 crores as on 31st March 
2023. With net debt to EBITDA, excluding lease liabilities ratio improving to 
1.1x in FY24 as compared to 1.3x in FY23.On that note, I conclude my remarks. 
We’d be happy to answer any questions that you may have. I now request 
Puneet to open the question-and-answer session. 
                                           Thankyou. 
Puneet Maheshwari:   Thanks, Sunil. We can now move on to the Q&A session. Before moving on to 
the Q&A session, I would like to request to all the participants, if you can 
introduce yourself with your name and the company that you are associated 
with before asking the question. If you are not associated with any company 
and you are an individual investor, you can highlight that also. Moving on to 
the Q&A session. The first question is from Amey. I have unmuted you. 
Amey Chalke:             
Yaa, this is Amey here from JM Financial. Thank you for giving me 
opportunity and congrats to management on good set of numbers. So, the 
first question I have regarding the ARPOB we saw around 14% ARPOB 
growth in the non-O&M hospitals. Is it possible to give some guidance on 
the price hikes for last year and also outlook for the next year and how 
ARPOBs are looking like for the next year? 
Alisha Moopen:                Sunil, do you want to come in?  
Sunil Kumar M R:           Thank you, Amey. So as I called out in my speech, right, overall we've grown 
at a 10% ARPOB growth and excluding the O&M asset light because O&M 
asset-light hospitals already have a very blended and lower ARPOB of around 
20k. And also we are treating more scheme patients so we don't have the 
ability to do the price increase there. So if you exclude that, we are at a 14% 
growth. Now, if you look at the historically, we have grown ARPOB about 
something like 9%, right? If 5-year CAGR you look at, it's 9% growth what we 
have taken. Now, this 14% growth has happened because of the multiple 
reasons. One is the price increase, second is the revenue assurance project, 
which we internally took across, basically trying to ensure that the 19 
hospitals what we have today, how can we leverage among these various 
services which we bill, and also with a single service master, and also we 

addressed a lot of revenue leakage. With that, we are able to address this 
one. In addition to price increase and revenue insurance also a major thing is 
related to the case mix and also the MVT revenue next come, because if you 
look at MVT revenue in the year FY23 we did around 4.4% or so with INR 131 
crore and that MVT revenue has jumped almost by 44% moving to INR 188 
crores, contributing 5.1% of our top line. These are the major various reasons 
which is added. Now but in the future, and also another portion of the price 
increase component, right? Price increase component out of 14% would be 
around something like 3.5% to 4% is what the price increase component 
would be. And I think that is around 3% to 4% of ARPOB, in the future also, 
we can look for the price increase bit of it. we did optimization projects in this 
year, that's where the ARPOB growth is a little higher. But going forward, we 
can look at something between 8%-9% minimum is what we can think the 
ARPOB growth will be. Thank you. 
Amey Chalke:                 Sure. And the second question I have is on the Andhra-Telangana region, 
where the YoY performance have been on the occupancy side and the 
ARPOB side have been slightly muted. So, if you can address that, thank you.  
Sunil Kumar M R:           Dr Nitish, do you want to take it?    
Dr. Nitish Shetty:          Yeah, I mean, we do accept the fact that the performance in Andhra Telangana 
is muted. We are presently in a discussion with the promoter there who is 
running the business for us, i.e. Dr Ramesh. So we are in a discussion with 
them to see where we can do the intervention and improve the performance 
parameters. We are confident that whatever has happened in the past, we 
will be able to reverse the performance in the coming months and in the next 
two quarters, and we are looking at some kind of concrete solutions to 
address this situation. At this moment of time, we can only give assurance 
that we are working. We are aware of the fact that the performance 
parameters are not up there compared to other geographies, but we are 
taking all measures to ensure that in coming quarters that concern will be at 
ease.  
Amey Chalke:           
Sure, and also one supplementary question is related to Andhra region 
particularly outside Hyderabad. So, how has been this space in terms of is, 

because I have seen ARPOB for most of the companies operating outside 
Hyderabad are quite low. So is it driven by the fact that as in the case mix is 
quite inferior or because of the pricing these ARPOBs are on the lower side?  
Dr. Nitish Shetty:             Yeah, Amey, to answer this question, see in Andhra most of the cities are tier 
two and tier three cities, they are smaller towns and cities. Where of course, 
doing high end work is always a challenge. But we are seeing that thing is 
different in Kerala. We are able to demonstrate, we are able to do secondary 
care and quaternary care and improve the ARPOB. I think there's something 
similar needs to be done in the other geographies. Right now the challenge in 
the Andhra state is in the tier 2, tier 3 cities most of the hospitals are doing 
secondary care work and little bit of tertiary care work. But if you migrate to 
doing the high-end work, the talent is available and if you are willing to put 
up the infrastructure and create an environment, this challenge of low ARPOB 
can be addressed. Now what is happening is lot of patients from Andhra are 
going out of state for the high-end treatment. So, if once we are the operators 
then we are able to stop this flow of patient out of Andhra, the issue of ARPOB 
can be addressed. At the same time, another way of addressing is to 
encourage the penetration of the private insurance. We have seen a great 
benefit when you do tertiary care and quaternary care work, the insurance 
penetration helps in making the high-end work accessible to everybody, 
especially the insured patients. So, one is the insurance penetration and two 
is focus on tertiary care and quaternary care will help in increasing the ARPOB 
growth especially in the state of Andhra. Telangana is different because most 
of the business comes from Hyderabad and it is a metro city, it is very easy to 
do tertiary care and quaternary care work, but in the tier 2, Tier 3, I think we 
should emulate what we have done in Kerala. 
Amey Chalke:                Sure, this last question if I can squeeze in, if we can provide the gross block 
number for the year for the India business. Thank you.  
Sunil Kumar M R:            Amey, we will separately communicate that information. 
Amey Chalke:                   Sure, No problem. Thank you so much. 

Puneet Maheshwari:      Thank you, Amey. The next participant who is asking the question is Mr. 
Sanjay Shah. If you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Sanjay Shah:                   Am I audible? 
Puneet Maheshwari:   Yes, you are audible. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Congratulations to the team, Aster, and appreciate the deal successfully 
done. So, now the thing was we are now focusing on India operations. I 
would like to understand from the management about the trajectory of 
growth from here, as you rightly pointed out about the CAPEX, what we are 
planning inorganic, we're focusing on ARPOB growth. Can you highlight 
upon a small, which is a small business, but it's still material impact on the 
hospital as a segment that is a pharmacy and lab. That was my first 
question. And my second question was, since we are now separated from 
GCC, but still we have our management over there. So do we see any 
synergies in future to bring in international patient because still we have 
reached 5% of our revenue. Is there any scope of doubling there or maybe 
more from here in international incoming patient? 
Alisha Moopen:      
 So Sunil, why don't you talk about the pharmacies? 
Sunil Kumar M R:          Yeah, Sanjay, thanks for the question. See, labs and wholesale pharmacy, 
what we have today, that contributes only to the 8% of the overall revenue 
for us. And also, you are aware and we have communicated you know in 
previous interactions that this whole labs and pharmacy is not something 
which we are trying to become an all India chain. So that's not the focus here. 
The focus has always been to continuity of care. So we have 92% of the 
business coming from hospital business and also more than 3.3 million 
patients’ footfall what we have. So we thought about it and also we are trying 
to bring our own digital app in the next six to nine months. So the whole idea 
was that how can we create an ecosystem wherein we are giving the OP 
services, there is a teleconsultation already, we have the IP related services, 
and how can there be in the future the lab and pharmacy also can be inbuilt 
into this. That's exactly the reason why we brought in the labs and pharmacy. 
And even if you see, in case of labs, we currently have around 232 facilities, 

wherein we have got out of the 15 satellite labs, which only processes the 
samples and balance all our collection centers, which we call it as a patient 
experience center. And the good thing is that we have already broken-even 
in quarter four. So the cash burn has stopped. And now also, it has got a 
combination of the Aster and non-Aster business. And over a period of time 
in last year, we have already reached the non-Aster business component out 
of a total revenue to almost 25%, which in FY23, it was only 17-18%. That is 
one of the reasons why we're able to break even. Now going forward, the idea 
is, we are present mainly in the states of Karnataka and Kerala, and we are 
not looking for any reason to add the satellite labs. So that means there is no 
major capex to be spent. It's all about increasing the footprint through patient 
collection centers. With homecare adding to that we should be able to drive 
good volumes and achieve the higher margins.  
                                           Coming to pharmacy, we are only present in Telangana, Karnataka and Kerala. 
Overall our pharmacy is around 215 pharmacies what we are present and you 
have seen that we have more or less stabilized the pharmacy growth. We are 
not adding like you know previously, till first 2-3 years, we ramped up the 
growth because you need to have a certain bandwidth for the number of 
stores to drive the volume and also get the leverage on the purchase 
procurement also. So that's where we achieved 215. Now the idea is to 
increase the revenue per day per store and also achieve a break-even. The 
way we achieved the lab break-even, we are thinking that at least by FY26 
end, we should be able to break even in the pharmacy business also. I hope 
that answers your question, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Shah:                    Yeah, very helpful, sir.  My second question regarding international. 
Alisha Moopen:        
Yeah, so Sanjay I'll come in on that one. So, you're right, I mean, there has 
been a flow of patients from GCC as one of the regions. Of course, India sees 
the patients from across Africa, Maldives, Bangladesh, and many other 
countries. But definitely the arrangement we have with the GCC is that we'll 
continue to sort of make sure that patients that cannot be served in GCC will 
be sort of funneled to Aster India. I think there are many services which India 
will always do in terms of quaternary care, the transplant programs, oncology 

work, which is nowhere in the horizon for GCC. And we see that the trust in 
the brand, which is there. So we'll continue to funnel those cases to India. Dr. 
Nitish anything you want to add? 
Dr. Nitish Shetty:           Yeah, yeah. Thanks, Alisha. Sanjay see, Presently, out of 5.2% revenue what 
we generate from MVT, 40% only is contributed from GCC. Around 60% is 
coming from the non-GCC countries, especially from Africa and the SAARC 
countries. And that was a bigger opportunity in the SAARC countries. As we 
all know, Maldives, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, there's a huge potential there, 
which will continue to drive the MVT business. But at the same time, GCC, like 
Alisha mentioned, we still have a kind of understanding with the GCC 
counterpart to continue further the growth of high-end work because all our 
hospitals are equipped to do the tertiary care and quaternary care work which 
might take some time for GCC hospitals to enable them to level what we are 
in India in terms of quaternary care delivery. 
                                           So if you really look at a mix of a patient around 60% to 70% of international 
patient come to India for quaternary care and tertiary care. So in that sense 
we are nicely placed to take our revenue growth in next 10% in the coming 
years, enabled by the inflow of a lot of patients from SAARC countries and 
then of course GCC always continues to contribute because we have the 
common brand name, both GCC and India, which will help. We are confident 
of leveraging.  
Sanjay Shah:                  So, Dr, do we have any plan to enter tier-1 cities to bring growth from the 
ARPOB side? 
Dr. Nitish Shetty:             See, if you really look at our mix, 70% of our business comes from the smaller, 
not the metros. Tier 1, I assume it is metros, but Tier 2, Tier 3 are the smaller 
cities like Kochi, Calicut. And 70% of our business are already coming from 
there. And through the asset-light model, we have already made plans to 
enter the Tier 3 cities. And we have been successful there, but we are mindful 
about the operating parameters like ARPOBs and all are not might be to the 
level of our larger cities. So, we have been cautious in that space. But as a 
group, we are known to be functioning out of Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, that's 
enough span. And in fact, we are the only group, I can say confidently that, to 

a large extent, which delivers tertiary care and quaternary care in Tier 3 city. 
If you see a hospital in Kolhapur, a hospital in Kottakal or Kannur, are all 
enabled to do tertiary care and quaternary care work. And this also presents 
an extraordinary opportunity to attract the international patient because 
international patient if you see the SAARC country patient and African country 
patients are little price sensitive. They would like to avail treatment in low 
cost. Of course, quality is important for them but the price is also very 
important. So, their expectation can be met in the tier 2, tier 3 cities like in 
Kochi, Calicut where the price difference between the metro and this city is 
around close to 20% to 30% sometimes for a high-end work. So, if just it is a 
matter of having better connectivity to these cities, all the inflow of 
international patient will happen to tier 2, tier 3 cities. Right now, it will be 
constrained by the air connectivity. So, GCC is different because GCC has a 
very good air connectivity in Kerala hospitals, Kerala geography. But if that 
changes and we have better air connectivity across, I think most of the inflow 
of the international patient will happen to tier 2, tier 3 cities. 
Sanjay Shah:                   So Dr, coming back to what I understood, since we are doing really very good 
remarkably on tertiary and quaternary side and plus we are bullish on 
international incoming patient also. And also we gradually increase our 
presence in tier-2 also. So don't you think this ARPOB growth of around 8% 
what you cited is bit on conservative side? 
Dr Nitish Shetty:            That's a reality. See, like I said, ARPOB, like Sunil mentioned, it's a virtue of 
three or two or three components. One is the price increase and specialty mix. 
And then also revenue augmentation. There are many factors which play in 
improving the ARPOB. But we are kind of following the industry standards and 
some years, last year we exceeded the industry standard. But considering we 
are  majorly present in tier 2, tier 3, we have a headroom to improve that, but 
we have stuck our position to the industry standard.  
Sanjay Shah:                   Thank you sir, very helpful and thank you very much. Good luck to you all Sir. 
Puneet Maheshwari:  Thanks Sanjay. The next question is from Pinaki. Pinaki if you can unmute 
yourself. 

Pinaki:                               Sir, am I audible?  
Puneet Maheshwari:     Yes. 
Pinaki:                                Good morning to everyone. Sir, actually I have got a couple of questions. So 
first actually sir you are looking into expansion to areas like Maharashtra 
and also UP. So, can you explain what kind of expansion will it be? Will it be 
an outright acquisition or will we be looking for a strategic partner or an 
asset-light model? 
Dr Nitish Shetty:             Hitesh, Can you come in here? 
Hitesh Dhaddha:       
Yeah, sure. Thanks, Dr. Nitish. So, Hi, Pinaki. We are looking at M&A 
opportunities, single hospital M&A opportunities, and we are open to 
exploring multiple models here. It could be acquisition or it could be lease and 
we can also look at partnership options there. So we're exploring in these 
markets. I think we already have a presence in Maharashtra at Kolhapur and 
we want to expand our presence further in Maharashtra region. Also, we 
want to start exploring the UP region as well as we see that region being very 
attractive, you know, given how the, you know, demand is growing on that 
side and a lot of the patients actually go to Delhi cluster from there, so there 
is significant opportunity that we see in that market.  
Pinaki:                             Okay, so my next question is actually, so what is your, actually the number, 
how many number of patients where international patients are in a broader 
sense and what is your take on international medical tourism? Kerala is now 
almost one of the hot destinations so what is your strategy going forward 
regarding this? 
Dr Nitish Shetty:              Actually we lost you in between there. Can you repeat your question? 
Pinaki:                               Sir, am I audible? 
Puneet Maheshwari:      Yeah, you are audible.  
Pinaki:                            Yeah, So actually, I want to know actually of the total number of patients, 
how many were international? Or in a broader sense, what is your take on 

international medical tourism, where Kerala is now actually a hot 
destination?  
Dr Nitish Shetty:        Yes, Pinaki, I explained earlier also, there's a huge opportunity in terms of 
international patient traveling to India, for the kind of work we do in the 
hospitals. And I specifically emphasize on the fact that international patients 
who come to India also look for a quality care at a reasonable pricing. Right, 
in that sense, the large cities are becoming expensive for certain category of 
international patients, like in Delhi or metro cities. There's a huge price 
difference like I can give an example, we have hospitals in Bangalore and 
hospitals in Kerala. The hospitals in Kerala are the larger hospitals in Kerala do 
at par clinical work with Bangalore hospitals. There's no difference in terms 
of capability. We don't refer Kerala hospital don't refer to Bangalore, 
Bangalore hospitals are in metro. So, in the clinical competence they are up 
there but and then the price is also 30% lesser than the metro cities.  
                                           But GCC's connectivity is helping, driving patients from GCC to Kerala 
hospitals. But from the rest of the geography, like Africa and SAARC, we do 
get a lot of patients from Maldives, but from Bangladesh and other 
geography, we have a challenge in terms of air connectivity. And also, we 
don't have embassies in the smaller cities. Everything is there in Delhi or in 
the large metros. If these two issues because embassies presence helps in 
processing the visa, because of all the international patient come visit India 
with an average stay of more than 15 days, they need a lot of support from 
the local embassies. So, air connectivity in embassy is the key factor and if 
these things are get addressed, there is a huge opportunities in tier 2, tier 3 
cities. Patients will have a treatment in tier 2, tier 3 cities. Smaller towns for 
the price and also quality of work. Since we have presence in both the 
geographies, we have presence in metro and we have in the tier 2, tier 3, we 
are very bullish about what is going to happen now and in the future also. And 
we have a large presence in GCC with the robust brand name. And the GCC 
flow will only improve, but at the same time, because of the pricing and the 
quality of work we do, we'll also have a lot of patients to the other 
geographies, hoping with the conviction, because the government is doing a 
lot of work. Recently, I got a circular from Fiji saying that Air India is trying to 

connect Bangalore and Hyderabad to various geographies, even to Vietnam 
and those countries to the metros now, but eventually they are also going to 
give you the air connectivity to tier 2, tier 3 cities. So, MVT is a huge potential 
the biggest constraint I see is the air connectivity. If air connectivity improves 
there is a huge potential way. 
Pinaki:                            
Okay Sir. So, that is all from my end and thanks and all the best for the 
future. 
Puneet Maheshwari:     Thank you, Pinaki. The next question is from Mr. Sumit Gupta. Sumit, can you 
unmute yourself please and ask the question.  
                                           Sumit, can you unmute yourself? 
                                           Okay, we'll move on to the next. The next question is from Alankar Garude. 
Can you please unmute yourself? 
Alankar Garude:         Yeah, Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, first question, in the GCC deal 
valuation, there was a USD 70 million earnout based on EBITDA achieved by 
the GCC business in FY24. Can you please let us know the gap between the 
target EBITDA for this earn out and the actual reported EBITDA by GCC in 
the fiscal? 
Alisha Moopen:              Amitabh, do you want to come in? 
Amitabh Johri:            Thank you. So, Alankar, if we go back to the terms that were there for the 
transaction, it was that there was an amount set aside as USD 70 million of 
earn out, which was between 130 million of EBITDA to 150 million EBITDA, 
wherein for every dollar of an EBITDA, there was a 3 and a half million of an 
earning. As we look through the numbers of GCC, the reported EBITDA, 
despite all the adjustments which were there in the SPA for the EBITDA to be 
computed, we still arrive at a number which is in the range of USD 127-128 
million, even after all the adjustments. So, it is unlikely that we will get into 
the range where the earn out will get triggered. 
Alankar Garude:             Understood and Amitabh there was another USD 30 million based on 
certain other contingent events. So can you elaborate on those as well? 

Amitabh Johri:                  That is right. So, if you look back to the consideration, the initial consideration 
that was set aside was 903 million and what we finally paid out was USD 907 
mn something. So that USD 4.78 million that was there was towards the 
Wahat EBITDA that was arrived at, this is which the consideration was worked 
out. The balance that was sitting in that amount was for any other further 
recoveries. Now those recoveries are not yet being made, we are in the 
process of pursuing those. As and when that happens, we shall let the 
shareholders know. But as of now, we do not have any further amount to be 
offered to the shareholders as a part of that USD 28 million. 
Alankar Garude:                Sure, that is helpful. Thank you. Coming to India, if you look at the secondary 
mix in AP Telangana, clearly that higher secondary mix in the region is a 
slight deviation from a relatively much lower secondary mix in Kerala and 
Karnataka. And we have been present in this cluster for quite some time 
now. And Nitish sir, you did mention about a lot of performance 
improvement initiatives and discussions happening.  
So, strategically, I just wanted to understand how are we looking at this 
business? Are we also open to kind of divesting from this business if some of 
these performance improvement initiatives do not really play out? 
Dr. Nitish Shetty:       
Yeah, see like I mentioned my earliest comments. So we are doing everything 
possible to kind of we sense, it’s a huge opportunity in Andhra. but there is a 
challenge where the management team there is not able to deliver to our 
expectation compared to other geographies. Now, we have taken two 
quarters as a way forward to kind of correct those things. We are in a serious 
engagement with this management there. Like you mentioned, if the worst 
case scenario, if things are not going to change, we will need to take that 
extreme steps also. But at this point of time, we have kind of, we are confident 
in the next two quarters, we will be making, because they have been 
improving, there have been a lot of reasons for the subdued performance in 
the last two years compared to the previous year before COVID. But now, we 
are supporting them in all possible terms but in next two quarters we don’t 
see any substantial reversal in performance. We are like you mentioned like 

about divesting, we are all open to all kind of measures, but we would like to 
wait and watch for next two quarters. 
Alankar Garude:              Understood. And maybe a couple of bookkeeping questions for Sunil sir. Sir, 
if you look at the cash flow statement for FY24 for India, there is a line-item 
change in other financial assets loans and other assets which is pretty high 
to the tune of almost 1,700 crores and that is pulling down our cash flow 
from operation significantly. Can you please let us know what exactly is this 
line item? 
Sunil Kumar M R:            Yeah, Alankar, see this is basically because of the you know that the reporting 
changes has happened right. Today when you look at the consolidated 
financials we are not usually because the sale has happened on April 3rd that 
is a date taken and it's a subsequent event after the you know book closure 
of the 31st  March.  
                                           We are supposed to show it as a not as a continuing operation but as a 
discontinued operation right. That's why in the balance sheet you will see that 
on the asset side we have the complete balance sheet asset of the GCC shown 
under asset held for sale and on the liabilities we are shown as liabilities 
related to the asset held for sale. Right? So with that, what is happening is 
that the INR 1,500 plus crores, which we are shown as an investment and a 
non-current investment in the India balance sheet, that we are able to move 
into current investments. Because of that changes in the continued to 
discontinued operations, we are able to, that is the line item which is 
changing. But what we can do is that we can separately share more detailed 
cash flow statement for you for other analysis.  
Alankar Garude:              Yeah that would be helpful sir. Secondly if you look at the fixed component 
of O&M fee can you quantify that which is sitting in depreciation as per 
IndAS 116.  
Sunil Kumar M R:       Yeah, I think we even shared that in the P&L reconciliation and the IndAS 
reconciliation we have given, just a minute Yeah, so for example, so for FY24 
for the full year, in depreciation, whatever the depreciation amount is there, 
out of the INR 45 crores is related to IndAS depreciation. And in finance cost 

also, out of the total finance cost, INR 57 crores is related to the IndAS finance 
cost. I hope that answers the question. 
Alankar Garude:              Okay, so basically on top of this INR 45 cr plus INR 57 cr there is that 
additional impact of the variable component which is there in our O&M 
arrangements. 
Sunil Kumar M R:            Exactly. 
Alankar Garude:       Okay So, essentially for the entire adjustment we need to add all three 
components.  
Sunil Kumar M R:              That is very right, that is very right. Because see that is what we are explaining 
in the note. See usually IndAS 116 really works only when your future lease 
rentals are fixed of nature. That's when you are able to calculate what is your 
future cash outflow and you bring the present value and you reverse that 
EBITDA you know rental from the P&L and you bring back again as a 
depreciation interest. But if it's a variable amount, INDAS 116 cannot apply 
there. That's where that will still be above EBITDA. That's where we have 
brought the differential between operating and reporting EBITDA.  
Alankar Garude:            Understood and maybe one final question if you look at overall reported 
India EBITDA and the segmental performance, there is a gap which can be 
explained by all the intercorporate eliminations.  
                                           So, just wanted to understand the nature of these eliminations. So, there is 
INR 106 crores of intercompany revenue adjustment which is there for this 
year, I mean there was a similar INR 85 crore number for FY23 as well. So, I 
mean just trying to understand what the nature is out here and will that 
number really change with the GCC business going away.  
Sunil Kumar M R:             Yeah, see all the in the note what I put INR 106 crore right, the intercompany 
eliminations that is related to two particular things. One is on the labs, 
another is on the AMI or we call it as a tele-radiology, right? So what has 
happened in the last year is that Aster Labs business, when we talk about, last 
year we clocked in the revenue for INR 118 crores. Out of that 75% almost 
near the business comes from the Aster business, So that's an intercompany. 

So that is the expense. It's the revenue in the lab business, which is our wholly 
owned subsidiary, and expense, shown as expense in our hospitals.  
                                           Then the next one is the tele-radiology because see the whole reason why we 
are able to consolidate the labs and tele-radiology is to ensure that we are 
able to reduce our material cost and the HR cost. That is something which you 
are already getting the benefits. And the balance amount other than the labs 
is related to the radiology business. Radiology business is sitting or the 
consolidated radiology business is sitting in the listed entity. And we are able 
to give service to all our other hospital subsidiaries within the Kerala and 
Karnataka and Andhra region. So that is the balance revenue which is sitting 
there. So we expect that you will not feel the same growth happening because 
you know this Labs what will happen also is that because non-aster business 
is growing very well in terms of both radiology and non-labs business. For 
example in FY23 our non-aster business in labs only contribute around 17% 
to 18 %. In the FY24, it has increased to 24%. And we see that because hospital 
growth is in a double digit or a higher teen number, labs will grow at a very 
higher range, right, to the non-Aster business. With that happening, you will 
not see the growth in the same, but the growth will always get limited over a 
period of time. 
Alankar Garude:             Understood, sir. That's helpful. That's all from my side. Thank you and all 
the best. 
Puneet Maheshwari:      Thank you, Alankar. We would like to highlight that we will be giving 
preference to all attendees who have not asked a question before. 
                                           So, in the line next question is from Sumit Gupta. Can you unmute yourself? 
Sumit Gupta:                   Hello. Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, just want to understand 
about the medical value tourism. So in Kerala, so like what is the differential 
ARPOB which we get through MVT in Kerala Vs the normal domestic 
business?  
Sunil Kumar M R:    
Yes. Thank you Sumit for the question. See, MVT business usually are 
approximately 25% to 30% higher than the other cash patients. And there are 

two reasons why the rate is higher. It's because all these patients who come 
in, you know, basically come from single room occupancy. Whereas the other 
cash patients is a blended occupancy of a general ward and twin sharing and 
single room. That's where it looks higher of around 25% to 30 %. Second also 
this ARPOB which we are talking about also, you know, it doesn't net off the 
referral fees what we pay. If you do a net off of that, then the nominal 
increase would be around 10% to 15%.  
Sumit Gupta:                  Understood sir. So sir, what is the overall trend that you plan to increase this 
contribution from MVT from 5% over the let us say next 3 to 4 years? 
Sunil Kumar M R:           Dr. Nitish, you want to add on that? 
Dr Nitish Shetty:            Yeah, yeah, as I mentioned earlier, there is a potential to go up to see certain 
hospitals of ours are already doing 10%. It is a blended, we are getting 5% so 
we are confident in the next 3-4 years the MVT alone can contribute close to 
10% of our revenue. 
Sumit Gupta:                 Okay, okay. So like so like currently your margin is nearly 17% so let's say all 
this MVT also increasing in overall payor mix optimization of basically payor 
mix and your Andhra Telangana margin is subdued which is dragging the 
margins. So, do you plan to like how do you plan to increase this margin in 
Andhra Telangana so that overall margin trajectory also reaches more than 
20%? 
Sunil Kumar M R:           So, Sumit see, Andhra Telangana if you look at their EBITDA contribution right, 
it's almost 5% of your total India contribution. So even if you increase the 
margin, it is highly unlikely that it's going to move the needle in a very big way. 
Yes, it can contribute in its own way, but it is not going to impact too much. 
Because the major is of 95% EBITDA and is controlled by Karnataka, Kerala 
and Maharashtra cluster. And that is what we are looking for the growth to 
happen. And there it's very clear that currently you know that operating 
EBITDA will close at 17% and the hospital segment is more than 20% and 
mature hospitals are 22% plus. We see that, you know, with the continuous 
ARPOB growth which is going to happen, which I already guided around 8% 
to 9%. 

                                           And also with the MVT business increasing and the case mix because we have 
been doing a lot of high-end procedures. We did the last year, FY24, almost 
more than 1000 robotic procedures. We did more than 500 transplants, right? 
And also we're doing more DBS cases, cochlear implant cases, with all these 
things going to go more. And with more quaternary care, you know, 
procedures, which we're going to continue to do in extra two to three years. 
                                           We can see that margins also will expand at a consolidated level, near 20% in 
next two to three years. And hospital segment alone, we should reach 23%-
24%. 
Sumit Gupta:                  Okay, understood, sir. That's really helpful. And sir, second part on the 
overall capex side so basically out of the over nearly 1700 beds planned how 
much is Greenfield or Brownfield?  
Sunil Kumar M R:            See out of 1,700 beds 60% of it is the Brownfield and Greenfield projects are 
only two projects mainly the Aster Capital project in Trivandrum which is a 
460 odd bed and another 260 odd beds from Kasargod. Kasargod is expected 
to operationalize in FY26 and Aster Capital is expected to operationalize 
sometime in FY27. So, our capex requirement for all these 1700 beds for the 
next 3 years, that is FY25, FY26 and FY27 is approximately INR 1,000 crores. 
Sumit Gupta:               
Understood. And sir, regarding the EBITDA per bed, like I just want to 
understand why is it subdued vs the peers and how do you plan to increase 
this EBITDA per bed, operating bed basically? 
Sunil Kumar M R:            Let me answer the first part of the question and then Dr. Nitish will add on to 
it. See, already Dr. Nitish also highlighted that, 70% of business for us comes 
from the non-metros. EBITDA per bed is a relative to your ARPOB. We are not 
in the metros where the ARPOB are something like 60k-70k. But if you look at 
our own composition, 70% is from the tier 2 and tier 1 cities where our ARPOB 
are around 40k to 50k. And you look at our own Bangalore market, we are 
doing more than 60 to 63k ARPOB. But end of the day, India ARPOB, the 
consolidated level is around 40,100. That is because majority of our business 
comes from the tier 1 cities, right? Or I would say non-metros. And 

considering your ARPOB are 40,000, naturally your EBITDA per bed will be 
lower than the peer comparison. 
                                           But at the same time, we always look for a sustainable margins. And also, 
because we are in the non-metros, our ARPOB growth, which can come 
through, is quite high. Even though, see, for example, in metros, already 
you've seen, right, 40% is only cash, 60% is your credit business. But for us, in 
the non-metros, we are still at 60%-65% cash business, which we have. Only 
because of the metro, our consolidated cash mix has come down to 58%. With 
that, we have the potential for growth. As compared to metro cities, the 
potential of ARPOB growth is always limited. But we are being majority being 
in non-metros, our potential to ARPOB growth is always high. And keeping 
the trends, what we've done in the historically in the last five years, we were 
able to do at least 8%-9%. We are very confident that ARPOB growth also will 
be very healthy in future years and also along with that EBITDA per bed also 
will add to that. 
Sumit Gupta:                  Okay, understood sir. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Puneet Maheshwari:      Thanks, Sumit. The next participant who is asking question is Damayanti Kerai. 
Damayanti, can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
Damayanti Kerai:           Hi, good afternoon. Am I audible?  
Puneet Maheshwari:     Yes. 
Damayanti Kerai:           Okay, hi, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is 
on your insurance mix at this point of time, which is around 27% and you 
said you have seen good 120 basis point increase compared to last year and 
Dr. Nitish mentioned in his remarks that improving this pie would be critical 
to improve performance in some segments like AP Telangana which are 
right now lagging. So just want to understand how do you see this 27% pie 
moving up for next few years and what kind of efforts are taken by your side 
to really push on this part?  
Dr Nitish Shetty:             Yeah, Damayanti thanks for that. It’s a very important question, because this 
is something which is going to redefine the health care of India. When I talk 

about insurance, I'm talking about purely private insurance, but there are 
others like government-sponsored insurance. But we spoke about the 
numbers, what we shared was the private insurance. Now in the bigger cities 
the private insurance penetration like in the hospitals in Bangalore, the 
insurance, private insurance work is around 60%. 50% to 60% is covered by 
private insurance. Whereas when you go to the other geography like tier 2 
and 3 cities in Kerala, like larger cities like Kochi, it is around closing to 50% of 
patients are covered by private insurance. Whereas in North Kerala, the cash 
patient is more, it is 80% is cash patient, 20% is insurance. So, this is 
something which is going to change drastically. At a group level, we have 
shown more than one and a half percent growth, but at a certain unit level, if 
you really look at it, it might be in the double digits also. 
                                            The insurance penetration is increasing because this post-COVID, there has 
been an awareness among the general population, the importance of the 
health insurance and also government is taking a lot of initiatives to improve 
on the insurance coverage. So the government has come to a conclusion that 
universal health insurance is a possibility but universal health coverage is a 
challenge. So the only way we can address the India’s requirement of 
comprehensive health coverage is through universal health, universal 
insurance coverage. So, as an organization, we are best placed to take 
advantage of the fact because the kind of presence we have, we have major 
presence in tier 2, tier 3 where insurance penetration is going to happen in a 
big way. And also, we have presence in a metro where the insurance 
penetration is happening to the maximum and only I assume that in the future 
from 60%, the big metros, the insurance coverage will go up to 80%. That is a 
possibility. Then I also explained the advantage, we don’t see it as a challenge. 
                                           It only helps in helping the patient to access the highest care and the highest 
quality of care as well as the complex work. Now, Sunil mentioned about how 
we have doubled the robotic surgery from 400+ to close to 1,100+ robotic 
surgeries. This has primarily happened because of the insurance has started 
covering the robotic surgeries. Same way oncology is another piece in our 
group we do close to 8% to 10% of oncology work. But I see that might go up 
to 25% in the coming future and that is primarily enabled by the insurance 

penetration because oncology treatment is very complex, very expensive and 
long-term treatment is a must and there are specialized insurance package 
only available for oncology patients. So, lot has been played out.  
                                            As an organization, I think we are definitely placed, very well placed to take 
advantage of the fact that insurance penetration is going to only go up. And 
that's why we are so much focused on the tertiary and quaternary care 
delivery, which is a challenge, especially in the tier two, tier three cities to 
deliver because acquisition of a talent in creating infrastructure is a big 
challenge, but we are fortunate and we have been capable enough to 
demonstrate that this kind of high-end work can also be done at tier two, tier 
three cities. 
                                            I hope I answered it. 
Damayanti Kerai:           Yeah, I understood. But it seems like in most cities in say Kerala where you 
have most of the presence, cash will likely remain the biggest component 
and maybe gradually we'll see a pickup on the insurance side. But in markets 
like Bangalore, obviously, I guess it's the fastest growing pie to understand.  
Dr Nitish Shetty:           The biggest thing is metros when insurance penetration is happening much 
faster pace compared to tier 2, tier 3 but it is just a matter of time it is also 
going to change because insurance penetration is not happening to that 
extent like in metro because the high-end work is not happening in tier 2 
businesses but wherever it is happening the insurance penetration is 
increasing.  
Damayanti Kerai:          Understood. My second question is on your zero to three years category 
hospital where you have six units. So, you can just, can you just update us 
like which hospitals have really achieved cost break even and then moving 
up further in terms of margin improvement and which are the units which 
have slightly longer way before they can turn around at the EBITDA level? 
Sunil Kumar M R:          Thank you Damayanti for the question. So, the six hospitals basically include 
four O&M-asset light hospitals. That basically includes our Aster Mother 
Hospital in Areekode, Aster PMF Hospital in Kollam, Aster G Madegowda 

Hospital in Mandya, Aster Narayanadri in Tirupati. In addition to these four, 
we have got a new facility we added for handling the scheme patients called 
as Aster Ramesh Adiran Hospital in Vijayawada. 
                                           That's just a 50-bed hospital. In addition to all these small hospitals, the 
biggest one is the Aster Whitefield Hospital. So, when you look at, when you 
say cash burn, I would say, Narayanadri has done really well. We talked about 
it previously also. It broke even in the first quarter itself. Even today, they are 
churning out lower double-digit margins. Similar is the case of Aster PMF 
Hospital. And our Aster mother hospital, Areekode, the losses have really 
reduced, hardly small losses, which is there. And that's where I've talked 
about that, Aster O&M hospitals, basically O&M asset light hospital, last two 
quarters, at a blended four hospitals, we are able to consistently maintain the 
positive, even though one or two hospitals are in the loss, but positive margin 
is there in the all four hospitals put together from the last two quarters. And 
Aster Whitefield hospital losses also specifically called out in the speech of 
DMD and Dr. Nitish, wherein we've the fastest break-even, right. In third 
month itself we broke even. So, there is hardly any losses for example, full 
year number would be less than INR 4-5 crores. So that's where you can see 
zero to three years, even the six hospitals contributing to INR 275 crores 
revenue, the operating EBITDA loss is just INR 7 crores negative. And that is a 
very considerable decrease from the previous year. And I hope that is an 
outlook. 
Damayanti Kerai:            Yep, thank you and my last question is clarity. So in terms of margin outlook, 
did you mention at the consolidated level? 20% is something which you are 
targeting and then it will be higher, say 23% or so for the core hospital 
segment. 
Sunil Kumar M R:            That's right.  
Damayanti Kerai:            Okay, thank you. I'll get back in the queue  
Puneet Maheshwari:     Thanks Damayanti. So the next question is from Mr. Rajkumar. So Rajkumar, 
can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 

Rajkumar:                        Yes, good afternoon. Can you hear me?  
Puneet Maheshwari:      Yes, we can hear you.  
Rajkumar:                        So, I am looking at slide number 19 of the presentation. This question is for 
Mr. Sunil. Sir, I just want to know, I saw the note on the tax part, due to the 
deferred tax liability of 52 crores, the tax looks very high for this quarter. So, 
I just want to know what is the steady state or rather the projected tax rate 
for the upcoming quarters. So, should you work with 23 % given that you 
have now moved to the whatever the normal range? 
Sunil Kumar M R:          Yeah, Rajkumar, yeah, thanks for the question. See this INR 52 crores is a one-
time non-cash liability, deferred tax liability. See, basically what happened is 
that now we had a major income right from the GCC sale which is upstream 
from affinity to a listed entity. There is certain higher profit has been 
generated in the quarter one. And going forward, we will not be able to 
continue with our old tax regime. 
                                           We have to move to new tax regime to become more tax efficient. That is the 
reason why the deferred tax liability has been coming in, right. So, this is a 
one-time hit. So, if you look at the next year onwards, you don’t expect that 
such a hit coming through because already it is deferred liabilities already 
created. So, it is a one-time hit for the future benefits, right. Now, we are 
going to see that deferred liability only going to unwind over a period of time. 
When is, which your next question is that what is the tax which you can take 
it. So, because in the new regime, we will come down tax to 22% plus the 
surcharges. You can look at that is only for the profit-making entities and also 
where the subsidiaries, where our revenue is more less than 400 crores, we 
have a lesser rate of 25%. 
                                           But if you take a look, we are also making the new assets are coming into 
picture, new greenfield projects in FY26 and FY27. And also, the Whitefield 
Hospital, which we recently started. Even though EBITDA break-even has 
happened under the PAT, it will have some stress, right? So with all this put 
together, you can take an effective tax rate on the PBT of something around 
14% to 15%. 

Rajkumar:                        14% to 15%, right? That's what you mentioned? 
Sunil Kumar M R:            That's right. 
Rajkumar:                   
Okay, yeah, just continuing on this, the same, I have just a couple of more 
book-keeping questions. The next one is, there is a movement of the fair 
value contingent consideration payable of six crores. So just wanted to 
know, you know, this is just an one off, right? So this will not again come. 
Sunil Kumar M R:        
Yeah, see, movement in fair value of contingent consideration payable is a 
non-cash item again. Right, see what happens is that because we have got 
multiple subsidies where we have holding investment, correct? And also all 
this investment, for example, Ramesh hospitals or Prerna hospitals, they do 
have a certain put option. And when you have a put option and they have a 
time period, they have the right to put the shares and have the obligation to 
buy those shares. During that period, as per the accounting norms and the 
IndAS, you are supposed to recognize a gross obligation of that liability in the 
consolidated financial statements. So that is what we recognize when we first 
take the investment.  
                                           After that, what happens that every financial year end, you assess or reassess 
what is the gross obligation based on the future cash flow or I would say you 
know based on the DCF method. Now if the performance is really good that 
means to say the valuation will go higher that means to say our when they 
put the shares my investment will be on a higher side right in that case what 
happens the liability goes up and that the increase or decrease in liability 
comes through P&L. So, INR 6 crore is basically a decrease in liability because 
we have seen the Ramesh Hospital performance, right, it is not so great. 
Because of the liability has come down and that is where it is getting 
unwinded as a, you know, income or I would say negative liability at INR 6 
crores.  
Rajkumar:                        Okay, got it. And lastly, on this NCI of INR 9 crores that you have shown, is 
it coming from your Malabar acquisition?  

Sunil Kumar M R:         Yeah, I would say majority would be coming from there. See, we have three 
major subsidiaries or I would say major symmetrical subsidiaries of MIMS 
where we hold 79.6% or so and balance we hold is the Prerna Hospital that is 
Aster Adhar, Kolhapur that's where we hold 87% and the Ramesh Hospital 
where we hold 57.5% and considering all these subsidiaries, major 
performance is happening in MIMS, one of the very good cash flow. So, you 
can say NCI, whatever nine crores we are recognized, 80% would be coming 
from the MIMS limited itself. 
Rajkumar:                  
Okay, so just to labor on the same point. So given that you are looking at 
acquisitions, so would it not make more sense to go 100% on this wherever 
the NCIs are happening? Because that will immediately give you a 25% or 
close to 25% upside on your PAT. That's more like a low hanging fruit for 
you, right?  
Sunil Kumar M R:         Correct. Your point is very right, Rajkumar. That's exactly what we have tried 
to do in last one year. If you know one year back our stake in MIMS, right, it 
was at 74% and we increased almost by 5%. So, from the very clear strategic 
point of view, we are very clear that wherever possible we will always 
increase the stake and that was such a unit where the performance is quite 
good. But at the same time, right, we don't have a specific shareholders 
agreement for them to we don't put on a call option to buy those shares. And 
also this is a MIMS limited where the number of shareholders are very high, 
but we'll always keep that effort open. And but it will always take certain time 
to get into the 100% or even near 90%. 
Rajkumar:                        Okay, thank you so much for answering my questions. just last bit on the 
cost components. I see there is a significant shift between the employee cost 
and other costs when you look at Q4 FY24 and FY23. So, is there anything. I 
mean, you know significant change in strategy like the employee costs has 
come down where the other costs have doubled. 
Sunil Kumar M R:           No, it's related to reclassification. I can give you more insights offline in the 
bit of it. 
Rajkumar:                        Okay, no problem. Yeah, thanks a lot. Thank you so much for answering.  

Puneet Maheshwari:     Thanks Rajkumar. The next question is coming from Dr. Bino. Dr. Bino, can 
you please unmute yourself? Ask the question. 
Bino:                                 Yeah, hi. Good morning or good afternoon. Dr. Nitish, just a question on 
nursing and other technical talent. You know, nowadays we have seen a lot 
of corporate hospitals coming up across both yours as well as competitors. 
Is there any shortage of nursing and other technical talent that you're 
coming across and are the costs or manpower costs in that regard going up? 
Dr Nitish Shetty:              Yeah, thanks Bino. Nursing attrition, and shortage of nursing is an industry 
problem. We all are aware of it. So, we have to address this challenge. We 
have certain inherent advantage and certain strategies we have put in place 
to address this challenge.  Inherent advantage is most of the hospitals are in 
Kerala and you know majority of the nurses come from Kerala. So, we have 
the distinct advantage of getting the nurses, access to the nurses and 
paramedical staff. 60% of the paramedical and nursing staff are from Kerala. 
So that is, we come from, we are based out of Kerala. That is one fact that is 
helpful. But at the same time, we have a cluster approach. 
                                           When we have a cluster approach, when we are dominant in the micro 
market, we are by far the number one in Kerala compared to the competition. 
It's much easier to retain the clinical talent because everybody wants to 
associate with the organization which is growing, and which is focusing on the 
high-end work because the value of the nurse has been getting trained in the 
high-end work. So since all the hospitals are able to do high-end work and we 
have a cluster approach we are able to retain and train them and cross train 
them also and also we have kind of focus we accept the fact that nursing is 
the core of our existence so that in terms of we would have seen a nursing 
award and we take a lot of initiatives to encourage the nurses not only work 
as a nurse but after certain phase in the career we also encourage them to 
take up managerial role and we also encourage them to get into 
administration in other areas. So there's a clear cut path, growth path. And 
also we have presence in GCC, which helps in kind of giving the career path 
that people do, if they have aspiration to go abroad, so they can come join us 
and grow in India and then go to GCC if required. Or if in the GCC, some of 

the, a lot of nurses beyond certain years would like to come back to their 
hometown. 
                                           That also, this, we having presence in GCC and India helps them into kind of 
closing their career path. So that also is one more aspect. So, we do have 
challenges, but compared to the competition, we have less challenges 
because of the cluster approach and also dominant presence in Kerala and 
also the kind of strategies we have taken. we are able to mitigate this 
challenge to a large extent. 
Bino:                                 Understood. Now, actually my question was more like, you know, in the last 
six months, have you seen anything incrementally on that front? 
Dr Nitish Shetty:                 Not much, but there has been a general, because I don't see a major attrition 
rate going up compared to the previous years, but it's been consistent. It has 
not gone down, but it has not gone up also drastically.  
Bino:                                  Understood. Just from a housekeeping perspective, Sunil, what would be the 
CAPEX number for FY25?  
Sunil Kumar M R:            FY25, it could be something like INR 450 Crores. 
Bino:                            INR 450 crores, okay. And just to confirm, when you give this cluster-wise 
revenue and EBITDA reporting, that also captures the pharmacy and 
diagnostics revenue and EBITDA of those particular geographies, is that 
right? 
Sunil Kumar M R:          No, no. See, when we give cluster, it is very clearly hospitals what we cover, 
hospital and clinics, but it doesn’t include the labs and pharmacies. 
Bino:                                 Okay, so that those are the separately reported numbers.  
Sunil Kumar M R:           Yes. 
Bino:                                Okay, understood. Thank you 
Puneet Maheshwari:     Thanks Dr Bino. So, the next question is coming from Mr. Devanshu. Devanshu, 
can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 

Devanshu:                       Good afternoon. Can you hear me? 
Puneet Maheshwari:     Yes, we can hear you.  
Devanshu:                      So, just two questions. Just to follow up on the previous participants, so, 
CAPEX for FY25 is INR  450 Crores. Can you give us a number for the next 
year after the projected for FY26? 
Sunil Kumar M R:             It is very early Devanshu to give it because this INR 450 Crores what I given is 
because we have the budgets and there is a very clarity on the what is a 
project capex because see when you say capex we got a project capex of 1,000 
crores which I talked about plus it also includes a little bit of a growth for the 
additional medical equipment we need to do and also replacement capex 
right. So, it all includes around INR 450 crores is what we have. But going 
forward usually what we can say is that project capex of the anyway INR 1,000 
crores will be allocated in FY26 and FY27. In addition to that you can take one 
and a half to two percent on the top line as a growth under the replacement 
capex. 
Devanshu:                        Got it. 
Hitesh Dhaddha:           Just one clarification. You said project capex will get allocated in FY26 and 
FY27. I think from FY25 to FY27 right the INR 1000 crore that's all for the three. 
Sunil Kumar M R:          So I mean Hitesh what I told is that totally we have INR 1,000 crores to be 
spent on the project expansion of 1,700 beds. Part of that already given the 
highlight about INR 450 crores which includes the project capex plus the 
growth and replacement capex. 
Devanshu:                        Sure, Noted. And second clarification I had was on this residual amount of 
INR 1500 crores that we have net of the dividends, what would be the net 
amount retained by the company post transaction costs and any other costs, 
if any? 
Sunil Kumar M R:          So, see, we basically, out of USD 907 million, USD 20 million approximately 
was retained in the affinity level for the transaction cost. Post that, it was 
upstreamed around USD 887 million to Indian listed entity in terms of 

dividend and the redemption of preference shares. That is basically in INR, we 
are talking about around INR 7,400 crores. So, out of INR 7,400 crores, we 
have already released a special dividend of INR 118 per share, which amounts 
to INR 5,900 crores. That is where you are seeing the balance amount, which 
is excluding any transaction cost. We have a cash of around INR 1,500 crores 
in the listed entity. 
Devanshu:                        So, will there be any amount that will be netted off from this? 
Sunil Kumar:                    No, no there is no further amount netted off from this. 
Devanshu:                        So, this is a net amount written by Aster in the announcement? 
Sunil Kumar M R:            Yes. 
Devanshu:                        Okay, thank you. That is it from my side. 
Puneet Maheshwari:     Thanks Devanshu. Yes, I can see the raising hand from Mr. Hiten. Mr. Hiten, 
can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
Puneet Maheshwari:      Yeah, Mr. Hiten 
Hiten:                               Thanks for the opportunity. 
Puneet Maheshwari:     Can you please be little more louder?  
Hiten:                                Yeah. Am I audible now? 
Puneet Maheshwari:     Yes  
Hiten:                                 So, most of my questions have been answered. I have only one question left. 
So, what will be our peak debt post all the Capex we are spending for next 
three years? 
Sunil Kumar M R:           Can you come again on the question? 
Hiten:                                 So, my question is on the debt as we are in a Capex cycle for next three years, 
what will be our peak debt? So, out of the 1,000 crores which we are going 

to spend in 3 years, can you give the break up or what will be the internal of 
accrual and the debt we are going to borrow?  
Sunil Kumar M R:  
So let me put it this way, if you keep the INR 1,500 crores apart, right, even 
keeping that apart we are talking about a currently a gross debt of INR 669 
crores, right. So, out of that we have got a 1,700 beds to be expanded in next 
3 years, which will be again a combination of the debt and internal accruals. 
And then what we are already seeing is that we should hit the peak debt only 
the FY25, because that's when the majority of the capital on the greenfield is 
going to incur in FY25. With that happening from FY26 onwards, you should 
see the debt % coming down. That means to say net debt to EBITDA ratio 
today what we have around 1.1x may a little bit slightly increase in FY25 and 
again after that should come down in such a way that by FY27-FY28 we should 
go into debt cash unless we add another you know many more beds which is 
already in plan but i'm giving the visibility based on the capex which we have 
inside. 
Hiten:                                Anyways the Net debt to EBITDA will remain below 2x right?  
Sunil Kumar M R:            Yeah, very much.  
Hiten:                                Okay, yeah that was my only question thank you.  
Sunil Kumar M R:            Thank you. 
Puneet Maheshwari:      Thanks Hiten. If any of other attendees would like to ask a question can raise 
the hand. Okay, I do not see any raised hands. Okay, so I think so there is no 
more question to the management. Thank you all. This concludes the earnings 
call of this quarter for Aster DM Healthcare. 
                                           I thank the management and all the attendees for joining us today. If you have 
any further queries or questions, please get in touch with us. Thankyou 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
 
