                                                              
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza” 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
SCRIP CODE : 523367
SCRIP CODE : DCM SHRIRAM
 
Sub: Transcript 
of 
Investors’ 
Earnings 
Call 
under 
SEBI 
(Listing                        
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the 
Investors’ Earning Call on Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024, held on May 7, 2024. 
 
The above said Transcript will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. 
www.dcmshriram.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Your faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Ltd. 
 
 
 
Sameet Gambhir 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Dated : May 13, 2024 
 
Encl.:  as above 
 
SAMEET 
GAMBHIR
Digitally signed by SAMEET GAMBHIR 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=8e782e1013ca457cb4947e6b9
98a084b, 
2.5.4.20=e4bf5ed94fc91fda7655f116597073
98d9222a34fd1caf9b127c4fa18e0eb8b3, 
postalCode=122002, st=HARYANA, 
serialNumber=ceb4fa0e04e7003f2f672a817
d318d295c12051b4107f319e7b9e03db38a
4c42, cn=SAMEET GAMBHIR 
Date: 2024.05.13 13:16:58 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited  
Q4 FY‘24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 07, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the DCM Shriram Limited Q4 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good afternoon, and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited’s Q4 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. Today, we have with us Mr. Ajay Shriram, Chairman and Senior Managing 
Director; Mr. Ajit Shriram, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Aditya Shriram, Deputy Managing Director; 
and Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO of the company. 
 
We shall commence with remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Ajit Shriram. Members of the 
audience will get an opportunity to post their queries to the management following these comments 
during the interactive question-and-answer session. Before we commence, please note that some of 
the statements made on today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and a note to that effect has 
been included in the conference call invitation that has been circulated earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a brief overview. Over to you, sir. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for taking out time to join us 
for our earnings conference call for Q4 and financial year 2024.  
I will commence with thoughts on business and industry dynamics, and then Ajit will share the 
perspective on our financial performance. 
 
The various global events over the last couple of years have made us believe that the uncertain 
economic environment is here to stay in the medium term. This uncertainty will continue to emanate 
from geopolitics, climate change and global health hazards. Developing financial and operational 
resilience in business is the only way to sustain such challenges.  
In response to these uncertainties, we have taken steps to make our business more resilient to industry 
cycles. We have taken measures towards scale, forward integration, diversification, continuous focus 
on cost efficiency along with a strong balance sheet, led by prudent financial principles to prepare 
ourselves for such eventuality. 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Sustainability is a focus area for our business and we strive to act consciously to take strategic 
initiatives to achieve sustainability across our business operations. In addition to the work in the 
sphere of water conservation, energy conservation, green energy and circular economy, we are 
working towards newer ideas in above areas that can lead to quantum improvement in carbon 
footprint and water efficiency. Over the last 1 year, we have tied up to INR 300 crore towards 
sustainability linked loans, which demonstrates our commitment towards the environment.  
Our financial performance for the quarter and year ended March 31 2024, has been in line with our 
expectations with Chloro-Vinyl segment under pressure due to disproportionate capacity additions 
compared to demand growth in the Chlor-Alkali sector and excess global supply in the Vinyl 
segment.  Sugar and ethanol business performed better and Shriram Farm Solutions and Fenesta 
business systems continued the growth trajectory. With our committed Capex getting commissioned 
during the first half of FY '25, the quality of our performance will see improvement. 
 
I will now turn the discussion on key industry dynamics across our various businesses. 
Chlor-Alkali 
First, I'll talk about the Chemical industry. Global Chlor-Alkali prices showed some improvement 
following short supplies owing to maintenance shutdown in U.S. logistics issues in the Red Sea and 
uptick in demand from consuming industries, mainly Aluminium. China continues to struggle with 
the slowing economy and hence, continue to export more. 
 
Domestically, the demand has stayed healthy with pick up in the downstream activities. However, 
given the surplus capacities in the region, the pricing is expected to remain under pressure. There has 
been improvement in cost structure and is expected to improve further with the 120-megawatt power 
plant getting commissioned shortly. Despite this, the margins are suboptimal.  
On the projects front, I am happy to share that 850 TPD caustic soda expansion has been 
commissioned and this will add significant economies of scale to our business in the medium term. 
Hydrogen Peroxide plant is also in advanced stages of commissioning and will commence operations 
within the next 2 months.120-megawatt plant has been on trial runs for the last few months and 
reached up to 70% of its installed capacity, however, it encountered some technical issues at higher 
capacities, which is now being corrected and expected to recommence by end of June, early July 
2024. Epichlorohydrin project commissioning activities will take a little more time and it will get 
commissioned in Q2 FY '25. These initiatives have been strategically planned to augment the business 
growth and contribute to healthy performance. 
Vinyl 
 
Second is Vinyl. Global demand for PVC has been subdued giving muted downstream demand and 
has led to softer prices. We expect this scenario to continue as interest rate cuts are expected to be 
slower than expected.  
India PVC demand continues to be strong, in line with GDP growth, although the prices were lower, 
owing to lower cost imports especially from China. Our business team has worked to keep the input 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
costs under check with use of different energy mix. This has also been supported by reduction in 
energy prices. 
Sugar 
 
Global sugar supply and demand is expected to be marginally surplus owing to favourable weather 
conditions and uptick in production in Brazil. Global sugar prices continued to be strong and were 
trading above $550 per ton.  
Domestic sugar prices remain insulated from global prices led by trade restrictions and were traded 
much lower. Domestic sugar prices should improve given the increase in cost of production due to an 
increase in sugarcane prices, which has not yet been compensated. Central Government has further 
increased the FRP for the upcoming sugar season '24-'25 by INR 25 per quintal. SAP has also been 
increased by INR 20 per quintal in the sugar season '23-'24.  
India’s sugar production is expected to be down by 0.8 million metric tons to 32 million metric tons in 
sugar season '23-'24. With exports not being allowed the season-end inventory is likely to be about 8 
million metric tons that is equivalent to 3 months consumption. Domestic demand is also showing 
good growth with consumption now at around 29 million metric tons. 
 
Moving to ethanol, the government has targeted a bending of 15% for the current year. Government 
of India has limited the diversion of sugar to ethanol in the form of B heavy molasses and syrup 
during the season to 1.7 million metric tons which were recently revised to 2.5 million metric tons and 
also discontinued FCI surplus rice as feedstock for ethanol production in June last year. 
 
Further, in Uttar Pradesh, sugar mills continue to face the burden of country liquor policy, which is 
detrimental to the Central Government ethanol blending policy and the state sugar industry. Due to 
these factors, blending targets of 15% looks challenging this year. There is a need for a consistent 
policy from both the center and the state governments. 
 
Sugar season '23-'24 in nearing the end and central and western Uttar Pradesh has witnessed lower 
sugarcane crush led by extreme weather, higher diversion of Khandsari including Gur and red rot 
issues with sugarcane variety Co0238. Our units also ended the season with a lower crush of 579 lakh 
quintals and lower recovery at 11% on final molasses. This along with the increase in SAP has led to 
higher cost for the season. Our business team is working to ensure the right variety balance and 
agronomy practices to ensure healthy crush in the coming season. The business has started production 
of Sulphate of Potash using distillery ash through a wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 
Our projects at Loni, sugar capacity expansion and at Ajbapur with respect to CBG are progressing as 
per schedule.  
Fenesta 
Fenesta continues to deliver a strong performance supported by volume and value growth in both 
projects and retail categories. Order booking remains firm and we closed the year with over INR1,000 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
crore in order booking. A combination of wider assortment of SKUs, new product lines and enhanced 
footprint has allowed us to sustain this growth. 
Moving on, the agri business portfolio comprises our Shriram Farm Solutions, Fertilizers and the 
Bioseed businesses.  
Shriram Farm Solutions 
Firstly, on Shriram Farm Solutions. SFS continued to strengthen its leadership position in research 
wheat. The year saw healthy growth on the back of enhanced contribution from all the verticals – 
seeds, crop protection and specialty plant nutrients. Leveraging social media and digital tool enhanced 
our demand generation and sales promotion efforts.  
Our newly operational manufacturing facility at Kota in one of our 100% subsidiary company for 
production of high-quality Specialty Nutrition products will enable stable supply chain operations. 
Our focus on new technologies and new products will help in maintaining this level of momentum. 
The investment being made in manufacturing setup as well as planned geographic expansion will 
assist in growing as we go forward.  
Fertilizers 
The urea business environment continues to be stable. Our business performance in the current year 
has been impacted for two reasons. First, the lower gas price, which is a pass through, led to lower 
revenues and lower earnings; and second, the Energy norms had been revised lower. We had taken a 
maintenance shutdown in March 2024 and have restarted in early April. We continuously focus on 
improving energy consumption. The government has allocated reasonable amount for urea subsidy in 
the budget for the current year, and we expect the subsidy outstanding to be at reasonable levels. 
Bioseed 
Bioseed India business performance has improved while it turned positive in FY '24. New and 
superior performing hybrids introduced in the previous and current financial year are being received 
well by farmers in key target markets of corn, cotton and paddy in India. However, there are 
production constraints in India, leading to delay in scale up of the business. We believe that our future 
pipeline across the various verticals shall help us in the business in the medium term. 
I will now request Ajit to cover the financial performance of the company.  
Ajit Shriram: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now highlight the business performance for Q4. The net 
revenue net of excise duty in this quarter was at INR 2,399 crore as compared to INR 2,720 crore in 
the previous year, a decline of 12% year-on-year. The decline in revenues is mainly driven by 
subdued prices and lower volumes in the Chloro-Vinyl segment. Accordingly, PBDIT stood at INR 
289 crore, which is down by 22%. 
Chloro-Vinyl: The revenue in the Chloro-Vinyl segment declined by 25% to INR 691 crore and 
PBDIT was at INR 64 crore as against INR 175 crore last year.  

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Chlor-Alkali business revenue was down 28% year-on-year, and PBDIT was also down 
71% due to lower ECU that declined 30%. Volumes were also slightly down by 6% in the 
current quarter. However, this impact was partially compensated by energy prices that have 
reduced due to lower coal cost and the commissioning of 43 megawatts of renewable 
energy. 
 
Vinyl business revenue declined by 8% year-on-year at INR 153 crore and PBDIT was at 
INR 14 crore versus INR 1 crore last year. PVC prices were down 15% year-on-year and 
carbide prices were down 17% year-on-year. However, input costs reduced during the 
quarter versus last year and sequentially.  
Sugar: Sugar business revenue net of excise duty was down 6% to INR 879 crore. Sugar exports were 
NIL due to government policy as against 3.3 lakh quintals last year. PBDIT has increased by 11% 
year-on-year to INR 236 crore on account of better prices of domestic sugar and volumes in distillery. 
Domestic sugar prices were at INR 3,857 per quintal, an increase of 10% year-on-year. Ethanol 
volumes were higher by 7% at 375 lakh litres owing to the commissioning of the 120 KLD multi-feed 
distillery. 
Fenesta Building Systems: Fenesta Building Systems has reported a growth of 21% year-on-year in 
revenues to INR 209 crore and PBDIT has increased from INR 34 crore to INR 44 crore. The increase 
is driven both by volumes and prices. Order book was up 21% year-on-year and has crossed INR 
1,000 crore mark. 
Shriram Farm Solutions: This quarter is an off-season for the business and the revenues and PBDIT 
were in line with last year.  
Fertilizers: Fertilizer revenue declined by 17% year-on-year to INR 354 crore driven by lower gas 
prices, which is a pass-through. Volumes were also lower by 12% year-on-year due to the 
maintenance shutdown taken in March 2024. Outstanding fertilizer subsidy this year was lower at 
INR 90 crore, however, it is expected to inch up over the period, but will remain at reasonable levels. 
Bioseed: Bioseed revenue is lower by 12%, however, Q4 is an off-season. PBDIT improved from 
negative INR 25 crore to negative INR 8 crore during the period.  
Coming to the highlights of FY '24: 
FY '24 net revenue, net of excise duty was down 5% year-on-year at INR 10,922 crore and PBDIT 
down 37% year-on-year at INR 1,089 crore. We expect the performance to improve in the coming 
year.  
Notable aspect of our performance during the year was the significant pressure on the profitability of 
the Chloro-Vinyl business, which was mitigated by the performance of the other businesses. Sugar 
and Ethanol business witnessed a 64% increase in PBDIT, led by higher volumes and prices. Fenesta 
and SFS PBDIT grew by 20% and 21%, respectively, driven by volumes. Bioseed India business 
turned around to become PBDIT positive during the year.  

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Capital employed in the Chloro-Vinyl and Sugar business has increased significantly on account of 
the ongoing capital expenditure and working capital requirement, respectively. Further, Fertilizer 
business saw considerable reduction in the capital employed, driven by lower subsidy outstanding. 
With healthy cash flows across our businesses, our debt remained at comfortable levels despite the 
continuing capex. Our net debt as of 31st March '24 is at INR 1,434 crore versus INR 681 crore on 
March 31, 2023.  
Return on capital employed for March '24 came in at 14% as against 27% in the last financial year 
mainly due to lower PBIT levels as compared to last year due to the reasons explained earlier. 
The Board has recommended a final dividend of 130% amounting to INR 40.54 crore in this Board 
meeting. The total dividend for the year is at 330% amounting to INR 102.92 crore.  
Notwithstanding the macroeconomic concerns, all our businesses, except Chloro-Vinyl and Fertilizers 
have grown at double digits.  
That concludes my opening remarks, and I would like to request the moderator to please open the 
forum for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Jainam Ghelani from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Hi sir. Thank you for this opportunity. As you have mentioned in the presentation the caustic soda 
import prices have risen by almost 15% to 20% quarter-over-quarter, but there was no major 
difference in the ECU realization for us. So what was the reason for the same? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So global prices are different in different regions of the world. One of the important factors actually 
for India, especially Western India where our capacity gets impacted is the import from Iran. And 
from Iran, the imports were coming at lower prices. That has an implication on the pricing in the 
Western market which has been associated with that. 
Amit Agarwal: 
I would just like to add here that given that in domestic market there is surplus capacity. So as a result 
of which even if the international prices are better, there will be an impact on domestic prices. They 
may not follow the similar trend. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. And so what is the peak debt that we are planning to take and what is our cost of debt? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Pardon me, could you kindly repeat that? 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So what is the peak debt level that we plan to take and what is the current cost of debt for us? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So the current cost of debt blended short term, long term is around 7.5% and see debt level will be 
governed by the cash flows and the next year plan. So still as we mentioned that we would like to 
maintain our debt-to-EBITDA level that's what our financial prudence principle is, it should be in the 
range of around 1.5x to 2x. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. And sir, once our additional capacity comes in for caustic how do we plan to dispose of the 
additional chlorine that would be coming from it? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So for chlorine, actually we have a multipronged strategy. One is, of course, we are putting chlorine 
downstream capacities ourselves. So that will be captive chlorine consumption. Second is at least in 
our Bharuch site we have a very long-standing relationships with our customers. And so they 
consume pipeline chlorine from us, and that's been the backbone for us. And they are also increasing 
their capacity going forward. So that a large part of the chlorine will also be consumed along with our 
pipeline customers and over time we expect the market to grow steadily as well. So we foresee that in 
the coming year and beyond the chlorine consumption will increase that way. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So sir currently, if we consider we almost consume 40% of our chlorine captively. So post our 
expansion what will be the total chlorine consumption? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So see at Bharuch which is the largest site now it's at 2,225 tons per day. See there the current is let 
me put this way post expansion and everything that comes up in terms of epichlorohydrin, our captive 
consumption will be about 15%. Further, as Aditya mentioned, if we add the pipeline supplies that's 
about 40%. So about 55% to 60% we have ready markets in terms of almost like virtually captive 
consumption and the rest will be market, but there also we are looking at certain tie-ups and multi-
pronged strategy is there to see that we increase our chlorine disposal. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
And sir, in your initial remarks you indicated about the higher import coming from the Iran in terms 
of caustic. So if you look in the month of April and May what was the import situation and what is the 
ECU as compared to the exit of the Q4 numbers? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Can you repeat your question, please and be louder please? 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So just wanted to understand as you indicated that there is a huge presence coming in from the import 
in terms of the caustic and the subdued demand. So just wanted to understand that given the exit price 
of the ECU in month of March what is the current situation in the month of April and May? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So the current ECUs in the Western market is in the range of around 28,000. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay, sir. That's all from my side. If I have further questions will come back in the queue and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Thanks for the opportunity sir. So just wanted to understand your thought process on the chlorine. So 
if you can just walk us through in terms of what are the feedbacks you are receiving from the 
customers in terms of improvement in their existing capacity utilization where chlorine is used? And 
you mentioned about the expansions also which have been carried down by your customers there. 
 
So how do you see the schedule of -- or some understanding about the improvement in the chlorine 
demand because I think our ECU portion is largely impacted by the chlorine part and hence for the 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
utilization on the caustic part also. So if you can just give us some sense on the customer side in terms 
of the feedbacks what you have been receiving, that would be very helpful? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Sure. So actually in the last past year or so there has been some subdued demand in some verticals 
especially agrochemicals and other related industries, but the way we are seeing it is that a lot of our 
customers are also expanding their capacities anticipating the demand increase in the coming quarters. 
So along with our capacity increase, a lot of our customers are also increasing their capacities which 
will consume our chlorine. So we expect that in the short term, yes, there's a lot of caustic capacity 
that has come in, but in the medium term and long term we expect a robust growth sort of aligned 
with the GDP growth. So we are very optimistic in the medium to long term. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir, are you seeing any pockets in terms of the consuming industries where the demand for 
chlorine is picking up apart from the agrochemicals? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Aluminium will be the other segment where India is seeing capacity additions. So that's the other 
segment where the demand is picking up. But that's for caustic. But in chlorine, I think it will largely 
be as overall sector picks up in textiles we'll also see dyes and chemicals picking up. I think over the 
period this demand should pick up. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir is there any benchmark on which you work upon, let's say, when -- before 2 years 
when the textile was doing good, agrochemicals had a good pickup in terms of the demand. How 
much fall in the demand for chlorine possibly you would have witnessed over the last 2 years which is 
justifying the current suppressing capacity utilization for caustic soda too? So is there any benchmark, 
let's say, before 2 years we were at 100% for the chlorine consumption for these two sectors, how 
much they have fallen over last 2 years? Is there any benchmark which you have done sir? 
Ajay Shriram: 
I think I'll put it this way. Compared to 2 years ago and if you are saying 100% whatever capacity 
industry was running at. In the last 2 years a lot of capacity addition has happened which has made the 
chlorine availability much larger than what it was 2 years ago. So I think the optimism of all of us on 
the Indian economy growing at 7%, 7.5% in the next many years, few years anyway. I think we are 
bullish on the Indian economy and any commodity products which compared to 2 years ago when the 
prices were very healthy that's the new additions have come in.  
It takes a couple of years for the prices to stabilize, demand to match out and then we'll come back to 
a sound position once again of the chlor-alkali industry. So I think we are optimistic overall not only 
on chlorine consumption, but even on caustic consumption to get a reasonable satisfactory ECU in the 
medium term. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it, sir. Sir, second question is on the VAP side. So if I recall a few of the conference call, you 
have mentioned that our contribution to sales and EBITDA in the caustic soda business from VAP 
was close to 18% to 20%. So how has been in FY '24 in terms of the contribution both in terms of 
sales as well as operating profit or PBIT whatever you can give us, sir? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Sorry, can you just repeat that? Are you talking about value-added products? 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, yes. Value-added products, including the hydrogen part if I'm not wrong, sir? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So if I look at this year, hydrogen would have added almost 60% to 70% of the total earnings, total 
EBITDA. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. And the rest could be divided between poly aluminium chloride, SBP and other value-added 
products which we will be manufacturing? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. I mean I would say largely caustic soda would be the largest after this. Others are more in terms 
of consuming chlorine so that they can help the capacity utilization of caustic. So however, SBP is 
picking up. In the last six months, we have seen good traction in SBP. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. So is it safe to believe that whatever PBIT we have reported, close to 60% is contributed by 
hydrogen? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir, last question is on the hydrogen part. So with this expansion, the excess hydrogen will be 
producing out. So some would be consumed in the hydrogen peroxide, rest of the hydrogen are we 
planning to sell in the domestic market or we'll be using for our captive caustic flaker plant? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So again, like for chlorine, I think we have the advantage of having strong partners and pipeline 
customers for hydrogen as well. So over time, we expect the demand for hydrogen through pipeline 
also to increase. We also sell hydrogen through banks in the markets around our units. And of course, 
we will be adding value our self as we mentioned also, through hydrogen peroxide. So we have 
multiple avenues through which we'll add value to hydrogen. And it's an important stream for us as 
well. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. What will be the total flaker capacity now after this addition of 850 TPD of capacity at 
Bharuch? 
Amit Agarwal: 
We are expanding by another 600 TPD for flaker.  
Aditya Shriram: 
So total will be close to 900 TPD at Bharuch. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
900 TPD, right, sir? 
Aditya Shriram: 
900 TPD at Bharuch and 200-plus TPD at our Kota site. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, my first question is on the industry front. So you mentioned that there has been a capacity 
addition, which has happened, so what is the current domestic chlor-alkali capacity? What are the 
utilization grades? And I guess that there is one more conglomerate who is going to put up chlor-
alkali capacity in the near future. So how do you look at the overall demand-supply equation. And 
given that the capacities or supplies will be higher, will the ECUs remain benign, at least for the near 
to medium term? So your thought on this? Thank you. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So one, the current capacity, the caustic soda capacity in the country is about 5.6 million tons. 
And the overall production is about 4.5 million tons. That comes to about 80% is the capacity 
utilization in the country. However, we are close to about 90%. So that is one. What was the next 
question? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir new capacities are also coming up, like we have recently now put up 850,000 then there is another 
conglomerate who is also putting up 22,000 tons of capacity? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So the total capacity should go up to buy other 0.5 to 1 million tons. That will be added over the 
next one year. So it depends from one our capacity is already added, and it all depends how their 
plans go, but ballpark is 0.5 to 1 million ton getting added. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. So the ECU environment will remain benign in such scenario and supplies are higher and 
demand has growing at a reasonable pace? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So actually, we anticipate that the demand is going to continue to grow. So caustic soda actually can 
be moved globally. So as the capacities increase in India, the export from India will also increase. 
And so it will be driven to an extent by the global market scenario as well. Of course, the chlorine that 
gets produced along with the caustic is more of a domestic play because transporting chlorine 
internationally is not easy. 
So therefore, our focus also continues to remain on chlorine utilization and we are taking active steps 
to make that happen. So we expect that in the short term, prices do remain range-bound, and in the 
medium term, we are bullish on the demand situation. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sir. That answers the question. The second question is in terms of the future capital allocation. 
So whether we are looking at any other subsegments where we want to do the capex. So any 
adjacencies that we have found similar to what we did in, say, ECH a couple of years, a few years 
ago. So are there any other such areas where we are looking at given that in domestic market, chlor-
alkali as you said the capacity additions have been happening even in ECH today, the capacity is more 
than the demand. So any other areas which we are actively looking at? Thank you. 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So we are continuously exploring new avenues for growth, not only in the chemicals business, 
but across all businesses in the group barring maybe one or two. So there's a lot of interesting options 
that are being evaluated. And as the Board approves them of course, that become public knowledge. 
Within chemicals itself, one of the areas in which the Board has approved an in principle go ahead is 
for epoxy, advanced materials in the sphere of epoxy. So that is something which we are working 
very actively on. And at a suitable time, we will declare that as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. 
Ahmed Madha: 
I have few questions. First on the caustic part, can you explain what is the reason for increase in cost 
on quarter-on-quarter basis compared to Q3? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Could you kindly repeat that a little louder, please? 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
So my question is, if I look at the numbers for caustic business compared to Q3 last quarter, why has 
the cost structure increased? I thought that cost was supposed to improve compared to Q3 and Q4. So 
is there any specific reason? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So the cost structure has improved. But if you see in the month of January, the prices had -- in 
December, January, the prices have come off. So that's the reason why overall performance was a 
little lower than previous quarter. But overall cost structure has improved. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And on the sugar side, I have two questions. First, on the prices, do you see the current level of INR 
39, INR 40 sustaining in the next season? First question. Second question, is it fair to expect that we 
should do 17 to 18 crore litres of ethanol in next financial year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So on your first question, in terms of prices, see, the point is yes current prices are in the range of INR 
3,900 to INR 4,000. Now given that FRP has increased and even SAP went up in the last season, 
given that the prices should increase. However, it's very difficult to say given the sensitivity of the 
commodity. What was the second question? 
Ahmed Madha: 
On the ethanol side, we did, I think, around 16 crore litres this year. Next year, we should be doing 18 
crore litres? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So our capacity is about 18 crore litres. But it depends on the feedstock, depending we're using maize, 
we're using surplus rice, C-Heavy, B-Heavy, all that impacts. But on B-Heavy, let's say, it's about 18 
crore litres. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And as of now, how much we are doing ethanol from sugar and how much from non-sugar 
feedstock? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So see, our capacity on non-sugar is about 250 KLD out of total about 550, 570 KLD capacity that we 
have per day. 
Ahmed Madha: 
But can you tell me, individually production number? Is it possible? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I can. So in the total what we produced in the last financial year, total we produced from grain was 
about 6.6 crore litres. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And this will remain the same in the next year as well based on whatever current scenario is? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See again, it will depend how much from maize and how much from surplus rice, but it should be in 
this range. As I said, the capacity is 250 KLD, and we operate our distilleries to almost 330 days, 330 
to 340 days what we try. On that basis, about 8.2 crore litres is what we can do maximum. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. And on the fertilizer part, the sales volume is still like near 1 lakh ton. So I don't see issue 
under the volumes part. So how much shutdown expenses we have taken on P&L? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Because of fertilizer? 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, because of fertilizer. 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
I don't have that number right away, Ahmed. I can probably provide it to you separately. I don't have 
the number right away. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investment. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
My first question is in terms of cost of sugar. 
Ajay Shriram: 
A little louder please. Can I request you to please speak a little louder? 
Riya Mehta: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is in regards to the cost of production for 
sugar for the season. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So for the season, the cost of production is INR 3,590 per quintal. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And what was it last year for FY'23? 
Amit Agarwal: 
It was about INR 3,200 approximately. 
Riya Mehta: 
INR 3,200, got it. Also, what is the current chlorine cost, prices? 
Aditya Shriram: 
In the range of minus INR 2,000 to minus INR 2,500. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And when we are seeing the increased incremental capacity addition in caustic, how are we 
looking for incremental sales of chlorine, like apart from the capacity addition of already existing 
pipeline customers, what other avenues are we looking for? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So as we said earlier as well, it's a multi-pronged strategy that we are offering. One is captive 
consumption. So we already have captive consumption of chlorine and we are going to look at newer 
avenues for consumer chlorine in-house as well. The second very important for us is our pipeline 
customers, especially in Bharuch. And they are also growing continuously. So we have long-standing 
partnerships with them, and that will continue as well. And fundamentally, we expect the market to 
grow as well, steadily. So that will also help in increase of chlorine consumption. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. Also, you mentioned about exports of caustic soda as a further opportunity for us. So what's 
the current export level? I guess last year, we had good export number, but it had declined. So what is 
the current scenario? And where would we export if we are exporting? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, the export numbers have not declined. For the full year, if you look at it last year, we were about 
4.25 lakh metric tons. This year, also, it's around the same level, a little higher 4.39. What has 
happened is imports have gone up from about 1.4 last year to 2.4 lakh metric tons. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And where do we export primarily? 
Aditya Shriram: 
It's fairly global depending on the market situation, and exports are in the form of caustic soda lye and 
caustic soda flakes. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And you just said that we are increasing our flaker capacity. So where are we seeing the 
demand for flaker? Is it entirely for exports? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Not entirely, it will be both for domestic market as well as for exports, and we continuously evaluate 
where it is that we are getting the best value and then take decisions accordingly. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And overall, globally, you said there's a lot of import happening. So is there demand slowdown 
globally also? And what would be the cause for that? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Globally, Riya, now the demand is improving. We're not seeing demand, as Chairman had mentioned 
in his opening remarks as well, that globally, demand is improving. 
Riya Mehta: 
Right. But for us, I think you mentioned that in our region specific, we are seeing a lot of imports 
happening, from Iran? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Riya Mehta: 
So what's led to that? Like is there a surplus capacity addition there? Or the lack of demand or other 
places are more self-sufficient? What has led to this incremental change? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So it is a dynamic situation based on the regional demand-supply balance or imbalance, also based on 
trade rates, based on disruptions like we had in the Red Sea disruption, etc. So it's a dynamic 
situation. There are times when we see imports and sometimes from Iran, they tend to come at a lower 
price, and that impacts the domestic market disproportionately. But again, with a close to 100 million 
metric ton global size and growth of 1.5% to 2% at a global GDP level, so we expect the demand for 
caustic also to grow. So therefore, the domestic prices and demand will be balanced by the global 
growth in demand as well. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And even in a domestic scene, there's a lot of capacity additions. We would see some time till 
we see further hike in ECUs, right? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So it's, of course, hard to predict the price going forward because there are many factors that get 
involved. And yes, you're right that the domestic capacity has increased significantly more than the 
domestic demand. And so in the short term, we do see some of those challenges, which is why we 
tend to focus back also in caustic to move outside the country. 
Riya Mehta: 
Right. And in terms of ECH, I was just asking that since our competitor is currently at around 50%, 
60% capacity utilization, how much time will we take to ramp it up? And are we planning to export 
ECH as well? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So it will take some time to ramp up like it does for any new capacity, and it's a new product for 
us as well. But we have strong teams in place, and we expect both domestic consumption and exports. 
There is an approval process for ECH with the customers, largely ECH goes into the manufacturing of 
epoxy and we have good relationships with a lot of the epoxy customers as well. So we expect a 
positive movement over the coming quarters. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And when do we see entire ramping up of the capacity? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, it will take about 2 to 3 years to achieve about 90% to 100% capacity utilization. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And post our ECH capacities around for the next 2 years, our chlorine consumption or captive 
would increase, right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you to the team for a very detailed investor presentation, and we hope for the continuity of the 
format. Sir, I missed the point on the ECH part and epichlorohydrin part of the story, if you could just 
explain once again my line got disconnected. The last few statements that you made. 
Aditya Shriram: 
So what is the question specifically? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Regarding the ECH contribution going ahead and the epoxy chloride, which you mentioned that they 
will start contributing in a meaningful way. So when can we expect that to happen? 
Amit Agarwal 
See, in the initial period, let's say, in the first year of operation for ECH and H2O2, the ramping up 
will take time. I think the meaningful contribution can happen only, let's say, in Q4 of this year and 
then full year impact will come in FY'26. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And we will be commissioning it in the first half itself, the H2O2 and the ECH facility? 
Amit Agarwal: 
As mentioned by Chairman in his opening remarks, the hydrogen peroxide should get commissioned 
in next 1 to 2 months. And ECH will get commissioned in Q2. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Q2. And the total capex -- yes, sir? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Pardon me? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And the total capex we have spent on these two products, sir? 
Amit Agarwal: 
That will be close to about -- these 2 products put together will be in the range of INR 1,100 crore 
plus/minus INR 100 crore. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So out of the INR 1,700 work in progress, INR 1,100 will get capitalized by Q2 of this 
financial year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the balance amount of the odd INR 600 crore? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, there are projects in other businesses as well. Like in sugar, we mentioned there are CBG and 
there is a capacity expansion also happening in sugar. And there will be some other projects in other 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
businesses as well. So they all -- and there will be some normal capital expenditure as well. So it's 
summation of all that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, when we look at chlorine as the byproduct and the evacuation and the utilization of 
chlorine being the key figure determining the utilization levels for the caustic players, I think the 
investment in the PVC segment has been due for over ages, if I may use it, and also a lot of big 
corporates have lined up projects for setting up big PVC projects going ahead in 2, 3 years down the 
line. So what is the update that we are getting on the PVC? I think the PVC is still imported in the 
country. There is inherent demand. So what is the thought process and what are the feelers on the 
front of setting a big PVC complex and then this chlorine dynamics changing completely? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Well, I'll put it this way that, yes, India imports today almost 60% of the PVC requirements. And 
based on our cost structure, we actually took a view that we are not looking at investing in PVC 
expansion right now. As you are aware, there are 2 of the large groups, which are looking at setting up 
large capacities in PVC. So that's moving in its own direction. We are looking at the more value-add 
segment now in a more aggressive manner. And we are seeing what more we can do in the value-add 
front. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. So when we look at the country as a whole, what is the annual chlorine demand and the 
availability of chlorine with the expanded capacity at 5.6 million tons from the existing -- all the 
existing caustic soda players? 
Ajay Shriram:                       Well, chlorine is actually about 0.88% of caustic production. 
Aditya Shriram: 
That's right. So the production, that is the linkage. What we see is that over the past many years, the 
capacity utilization at an industry level has been a fairly healthy 85% plus/minus kind of range. There 
was a sudden increase in capacity. In the short term, this will reduce capacity utilization will reduce 
driven to a large extent by chlorine. But again, as we are saying that in the medium term, we expect 
the demand is going to be robust. And so we expect that it should come back, the utilization should 
come back to its levels which have been there historically. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No. Suppose we are factoring in an increase in caustic prices also globally. So in that case, we would 
be able to increase the utilization level only to the extent chlorine gets consumed. So I was just 
alluding to that fact to reach from average 80% to another 90%, 94% as have been the averages earlier 
also. What kind of chlorine consumption capacity should be in the anvil so that evacuation happens? 
Or how will the metrics work? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So Saket, as we’ve mentioned, I think there have been multiple questions on this call with respect to 
chlorine utilization, right? So we have mentioned that we're looking at there is a multi-pronged 
strategy that we have as the board approves, we will take that up. Our utilization is around 55%, post 
all expansions coming in. We will be having 55%, including the pipeline. And we are in advanced 
talks for further adding up to just captive consumption. So we'll come back to the shareholders once 
those plans get firmed up. 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on the debt level numbers, I think the INR 1,400 crore is the net debt as on 31st March. So this is 
the peak amount or what should be the debt number say for H2? And for H1 closing for FY 24-25? 
Amit Agarwal: 
For our kind of a company, the kind of businesses we are in, the March debt is always the peak debt. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Right. So H1, it will -- by end of H1, it will be lower. And then it again goes up by end of H2. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But factoring into the current -- yes, yes. I join the queue. I want to just understanding currently, the 
current -- what are the current maturities lined up and just joined the queue. 
Amit Agarwal: 
We keep our repayment at least for the next 1 to 2 years, if I remember correctly, the repayment in the 
range of around INR 100 crore, INR 150 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just 1 question. In our presentation, you have mentioned that we have sanctioned a power cost 
optimization project with capex of INR 120 crore. What is it exactly? And how will it help? Is it 
pertaining to the chlor-alkali project? So if you can give a little more details on this one. Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So we are looking at doing certain modifications in our turbines, especially the older turbines. Now 
that will improve the efficiency of the power generation, thereby reducing the cost. So that is 
something we keep looking at innovative ways to reduce our costs because that's something which is 
in our control. And with that objective, the board has sanctioned this project. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Parth Vasani, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Parth Vasani: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know about the epoxy plant. So what is the 
capacity of it and by when you're expecting to commission the same? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So that, as we've mentioned in the past, we have an in-principal approval from the Board. We are 
doing a lot of the technology evaluation, detailing out capacities, et cetera. And once it is approved by 
the board, we'll be able to share all those details. 
Parth Vasani: 
Okay. Any date as such by when you're expecting or that is still yet to be finalized? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So we expect that in the next couple of quarters, we'll be able to go ahead with moving forward with 
the project after approval internally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shantanu Naik, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Shantanu Naik: 
My question is... 
Moderator: 
Shantanu, I'm sorry to interrupt, but we can barely hear you if you could please speak a little louder. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Shantanu Naik: 
So my question is regarding Fenesta. So what kind of total revenues from Fenesta. What would be the 
percentage… 
Ajay Shriram: 
Can you kindly repeat yourself? 
Shantanu Naik: 
Okay. So my question is regarding Fenesta. So of total revenues from Fenesta, what would be the 
percent share of projects, retail and commercial? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So out of the total revenue, about 35% is projects. The rest is retail. 
Shantanu Naik: 
Okay. And in -- and with respect to growth, what kind of growth do we expect in UPVC compared to 
aluminium? Considering aluminium right now is doing almost 20% of total revenues from Fenesta, 
so. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So if I got your question right, you're saying the growth of aluminium versus UPVC, have I 
understood it right? 
Shantanu Naik: 
Yes. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Aluminium actually is growing faster, but we had a much lower base. So its definitely growing 
faster. Put together, we have seen at least our business growing at almost around 20% year-on-year. 
Shantanu Naik: 
Okay. And do you see that in medium term, aluminium and UPVC sharing equal in percentage of 
total revenues for Fenesta? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Frankly, for Fenesta business, it's now been expanded to UPVC windows, aluminium windows. We 
are into doors, we've started façades. So we've got a range of product and down the line more things 
will get added. So we are hoping that the aluminium window as well as the UPVC windows both 
grow rapidly, and they both have a separate market segment. So we are focusing on both very 
aggressively. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'd like to take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Ajay Shriram 
Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation in our earnings conference 
call. We are committed to deliver better earnings and growth. Initiatives taken by us to enhance 
capacities, raise efficiencies and promote sustainability will begin delivering intended outcomes in the 
coming years. The commissioning of our new projects in the Chemical business will usher in a new 
area of growth. Further, we continue to evaluate adjacencies to enhance our portfolio in the core area. 
Thank you once again and wish you all, all the very best always. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of DCM Shriram Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
