 
 
 
Ref. No.: LIC/SE/2024-25/36  
 
 
 
 
        Date: June 03, 2024 
 
To 
The Manager  
Listing Department,  
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5
th Floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Code: 543526 
 
Scrip Code: LICI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with the Analyst/Investors 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Life 
Insurance Corporation of India (“the Corporation”) with Analyst/Investors held on May 28, 2024. 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Corporation and can be accessed from the link: 
https://licindia.in/web/guest/call-transcript-of-analysts-/-investors-meet.  
Please take the above information on record and arrange for its dissemination.   
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Life Insurance Corporation of India 
 
 
 
 
(Anshul Kumar Singh) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: a/a 
 
ANSHUL 
KUMAR 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ANSHUL KUMAR 
SINGH 
Date: 2024.06.03 
16:55:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Life Insurance Corporation of India Q4 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SIDDHARTHA MOHANTY – CHAIRPERSON 
MR. M. JAGANNATH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. TABLESH PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SAT PAL BHANOO – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. R. DORAISWAMY -- MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. DINESH PANT – APPOINTED ACTUARY AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
ACTUARIAL TEAM – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
MR. K. R. ASHOK – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ACTUARIAL TEAM – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
MR. SUNIL AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – FINANCE TEAM 
MR. RATNAKAR PATNAIK – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, INVESTMENT FRONT 
OFFICE AND CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 
MR. K. SESHAGIRIDHAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, INVESTMENT-BACK 
OFFICE, INVESTMENT TEAM 
MR. R. SUDHAKAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MARKETING AND CHIEF 
MARKETING OFFICER 
MR. HEMANT BUCH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR BANCASSURANCE 
MS. MANJU BAGGA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GROUP BUSINESS 
MS. VANDANA SINHA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CRM/CLAIMS/ANNUITIES 
MS. RACHNA KHARE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – CUSTOMER 
RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT/ POLICY SERVICING – LIFE INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA 
MR. C. V. RAMANA, ADDITIONAL EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (CRM/POLICY 
SERVICING) – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
MR. SANJAY BAJAJ – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the LIC's FY '24 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
We have senior management of LIC led by Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty – Chairperson on this call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddhartha Mohanty, Chairperson, LIC. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Mohanty. 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
Good morning, everyone. I am Siddhartha Mohanty, Chairperson LIC.  
On behalf of the senior management team, I warmly welcome you all to the results and 
performance update call of Life Insurance Corporation of India for the year ended March 31st 
2024. The results and a presentation can be accessed on our website and on websites of both the 
stock exchanges, BSE and NSE.  
Along with me, on this call, I have four Managing Directors, Mr. M. Jagannath, Mr Tablesh 
Pandey, Mr. Sat Pal Bhanoo and Mr. R Doraiswamy.  Senior officials of the Corporation present 
on this call are  Mr. Dinesh Pant, Appointed Actuary & Executive Director & Mr K. R. Ashok, 
Executive Director from the Actuarial team, Mr. Sunil Agrawal, CFO from the finance team, 
Mr. Ratnakar Patnaik, Executive Director (Inv-Front office & CIO) and Mr K. Seshagiridhar, 
Executive Director (Investment – Back Office) from the Investment team, Mr. R. Sudhakar, 
Executive Director (Marketing & CMO), Mr. Hemant Buch, Executive Director (MBAC), Ms. 
Manju Bagga, Executive Director (Pension & Group Schemes),  Ms. Vandana Sinha, Executive 
Director (CRM/Claims/Annuities), Ms. Rachna Khare, Executive Director (CRM/Policy 
Servicing), Mr C V Ramana, Addl Executive Director (CRM/Policy Servicing)  and Mr. Sanjay 
Bajaj, Head (Investor Relations).  
I would like to thank all of you for sparing your valuable time to join this call today and listen 
to the LIC team.  
 
Let me now mention the key business, operational and financial highlights for the financial 
year 2023 -24.  
 
Premium Income: 
 
For the year ended March 31st 2024 we have reported a Total Premium Income of INR          
4,75,070 crore as compared to the total premium income of INR 4,74,005 crore for the 
corresponding period of last year ending March 31st 2023.  
 
The Individual New Business Premium Income for FY24 is INR 57,716 crore and for FY23 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
it was INR 58,757 crore. Renewal Premium Income (Individual business) for FY24 is INR 
2,46,052 crore as compared to INR 2,34,006 crore for FY23. Therefore, for the year ending 
March 31st 2024, our Total Individual Premium Income including renewals is INR 3,03,768 
crore as compared to INR 2,92,763 crore for year ending March 31st 2023. As measured by 
Total Individual Business Premium, we have grown by 3.76% on Year-on-Year basis.  
 
The Group Business total premium income for year ended March 31st 2024 is INR  1,71,302 
crore comprising of New Business premium of INR 1,64,926 crore. In comparison for year 
ended March 31st 2023 last year, the Group Business total premium income was INR 1,81,242 
crore and comprised of New Business premium of INR 1,73,258 crore. Therefore, for year 
ended March 31st 2024, the Total Group Premium has declined by 5.48% as compared to 
similar period of previous year. Hence our Total Premium Income for year ended March 31st 
2024 has registered a marginal growth of 0.22%.  
 
Our market share by First Year Premium Income is 58.87% (as per IRDAI) for the year ended 
March 31st 2024 as compared to 62.58% for the similar period ended March 31st 2023.  
 
If we were to split this total market share of 58.87% into segment wise share of individual and 
group business, we would have a market share of 38.44% in Individual business and 72.30% 
in the group business for the year ending March 31st 2024. On a comparable basis for year 
ended March 31st 2023, the respective market shares for Individual and Group business were 
40.58% and 76.65%. Despite our market share falling both in Group and Individual business, 
we continue to retain the leadership position in both Individual and Group segments in the 
Indian Insurance industry. As you would recall that I had mentioned earlier that we will choose 
profitable growth rather than just market share. During the course of this Analyst call, we will 
share with you our progress on many aspects pertaining to profitable growth.  
 
Seen on  APE basis the break up of business is as follows: 
 
Total Annualized Premium Equivalent (APE) for year ended March 31st 2024 is INR 56,970 
crore which is comprised of Individual APE of INR 38,433 Crore and Group APE of INR 
18,537 Crore. Therefore, on APE basis, the individual business accounts for 67.46% and 
Group business accounts for 32.54%. Further of the Individual APE, the Par business accounts 
for INR 31,392 Crore and Non Par share amounts to INR 7,041 Crore. As you can see our Par 
share of individual APE is 81.68% and Non Par share is 18.32% for FY24. You will recall 
that our Non Par share for year ended March 31st 2022 and March 31st 2023 on APE basis 
within the overall individual business was 7.12% and 8.89%, respectively. I am sure that you 
are noticing the more than doubling of the individual Non Par APE share from INR 3,436 
crore to INR 7,041 crore and from 8.89% to 18.32% which has been the outcome of our 
intense focus on enhancing Non Par business. This has reinforced our strategy that we are on 
right track. Further, the welcome reception by our customers to our new Non Par products 
such as Jeevan Utsav has added strength and confidence to our belief that our strategy is on 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
right track.  
 
Profit After Tax  
 
The Profit After Tax (PAT) for the year ended March 31st 2024 was INR 40,676 crore as 
against INR 36,397 crore for the year ended March 31st 2023. The current year profit includes 
the transfer of an amount of INR 29,518.75 crore (Net of Tax), pertaining to the accretions on 
the Available Solvency Margin from Non Par to Shareholders account. The profit of FY24 is 
not comparable to the published profit figures of FY23 since FY23 had an additional quarter 
of profit for the period Jan 2022 to March 2022 aggregating to INR 4,542.31 crore. 
 
VNB and VNB Margins  
 
Value of New Business (VNB) is INR 9,583 crore for the year ended March 31st 2024 as 
compared to VNB of INR 9,156 crore for the year ended March 31st 2023. As you can see 
the VNB has registered an increase of 4.66% on year on year basis.  Further, the net VNB 
margin for FY24 is 16.8% as compared to 16.2% for year ended March 31st 2023. Hence, the 
VNB margin has expanded by 60 basis points on a year on year basis. 
 
Solvency Ratio 
 
The Solvency Ratio as on March 31st 2024 improved to 1.98 as against 1.87 on March 31st 
2023. 
 
Indian Embedded Value (IEV) 
 
The IEV of the Corporation has been determined as Rs. 7,27,344 crore as at March 31st 2024 
as compared to Rs. 5,82,243 crore as at March 31st, 2023. Therefore the IEV has grown by 
24.92% on a year on year basis.  
 
Assets Under Management (AUM) 
 
Assets under Management as on 31st March 2024 grew by 16.48% year on year to INR 
51,21,887 crore as compared to INR 43,97,205 crore as on March 31st 2023. 
 
Product Mix and New Product launches  
 
Now I would like to inform about New Product launches. Continuing with our strategy of 
increasing the proportion of the Non par business, we launched six new Non par products 
during FY 2023-24 to cater to customer requirements, namely, LIC’s Jeevan Kiran, LIC’s 
Jeevan Utsav, LIC’s Jeevan Dhara - II, LIC's Dhan Vriddhi, LIC’s Index Plus and LIC’s 
Amritbaal, respectively. In addition to the above, modified version of four plans ,namely, 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
LIC’s Cancer Cover, LIC's Dhan Vriddhi, LIC's Jeevan Akshay – VII and LIC’s New Jeevan 
Shanti were also introduced.  
 
No. of Policies Sold 
 
During the year ended March 31st 2024, we sold 2,03,92,973 new policies as compared to 
2,04,28,937 policies in the year ended March 31st 2023 registering a marginal decline of 
0.18% over the corresponding period of last year.  
 
Agency Workforce  
 
As on March 31st 2024, the total number of agents was 14,14,743 as compared to 13,47,325 
agents as on March 31st 2023. We have a net addition of approximately 67,500 agents in the 
last one year. At this point I would also like to mention that we have started working on a 
project to transform our agency business to make it future ready and to be the best in class 
always. 
 
On number of policies sold basis, the agency force sold 1,98,15,990 policies during the year 
ended March 31st 2024 as compared to 1,97,80,314 policies during the corresponding period 
of last year registering an increase of 0.18%. It can be seen that approximately 97% of our 
policies in FY24 were sold by our Agency force. Even on premium basis, approximately 96% 
of New Business Premium came from our Agency channel for FY24.  
 
Contribution by Banca Channel  
 
During the year ended March 31st 2024, Banca Channel collected new business premium 
aggregating INR 2,078 crore which was INR 2,020 crore for year ended March 31st 2023 
registering a growth of 2.90% on a year-on-year basis. With this the share of Banca Channel 
by New Business premium has increased to 3.61% for year ended March 31st 2024 as 
compared to 3.44% for similar period last year. Further, the Banca Channel sold 3,32,082 
policies for the year ended March 31st ,2024 as against 3,12,160 policies for the year ended 
March 31st ,2023 registering growth of 6.38% on year-on-year basis. 
 
Our Overall Expense Ratio stands at 15.57% for the year ended March 31st 2024, as 
compared to 15.53% for the same period of last year. As you can see, the increase is a marginal 
4 bps on year-on-year basis. 
 
Persistency 
 
On premium basis, the persistency for 13th, 25th, 37th, 49th and 61st month, for FY24 stands 
at 77.66%, 71%, 65.47%, 66.31% and 60.88% respectively, as compared to 77.09%, 69.93%, 
70.05%, 63.53% and 61.80% respectively for FY23.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
On number of policies basis, the persistency for 13th, 25th, 37th, 49th and 61st month, for 
FY24 stands at 66.99%, 57.47%, 52.50%, 53.23% and 48.59% respectively, as compared to 
64.28%, 56.97%, 56.90%, 51.05% and 49.86% respectively for FY23.  
 
Hence, persistency has improved for 13th, 25th and 49th month, year on year, both on 
premium basis and number of policies basis.   
 
Operational efficiency and Digital Progress 
 
In our digital initiative through the Agent assisted ANANDA app, we have completed   
11,58,805 policies through this App during the year ended March 31st 2024 as compared to 
8,11,278 policies for the comparable period ending March 31st 2023 thereby registering a 
growth of 42.84% on year-on-year basis. It is a matter of extreme pride that we have 
comfortably crossed one million policies mark over ANANDA app. I would like to recall that 
during FY21-22 and FY22-23, we had sold 2.74 lacs and 8.11 lacs policies respectively 
through ANANDA app.  
 
Claims 
 
On the claims front, during FY24, we have processed 2,17,62,985 number of claims which 
includes 2,09,33,667 maturity claims. On an amount basis during FY24, the maturity claims 
were INR 2,08,136 crore and the death claims were INR 22,625 crores. On a comparable basis 
for FY23, the maturity claims were INR 1,85,044 crore and death claims were INR 23,423 
crore. Therefore, the death claims are lower by 3.41% and the maturity claims are higher by 
12.48% on a year-on-year basis.  
 
Before I close my opening remarks, I would like to share significant achievements during the 
year:- 
1. 
Our Non Par APE share is now at 18.32% within the Individual business. 
2. 
We have successfully launched a series of Non Par products this year which has 
been received well by our customers. 
3. 
We are moving ahead steadily on our digital transformation project and I hope that 
before the end of this calendar year, our stakeholders start experiencing the changes 
in our digital transformation. 
4. 
We are expanding our agency force and a good proportion of our agency force is 
accepting new technologies in a proactive manner. Completing more than one 
million policies via ANANDA is a clear indication of the same. 
I would like to share that the Board has recommended a Final Dividend of Rs. 6/- per 
share in its meeting held on 27th May, 2024, subject to shareholders approval. This is in 
addition to Rs. 4/- per share interim dividend that was declared and paid earlier during the 
year. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Thank you, friends. Now, we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mehak from Emkay. Please go 
ahead.  
Avinash: 
Avinash here. Two broad questions. So, the first one will be more around expense. As we can 
see, I mean, past legacy, a lot of expenses and all. So, one, broadly, if I see in your EV walk, 
you have charged close to Rs. 14,000 crores on account of I believe one part is due to that 
additional 7,000 plus crores of excess EOM for FY '23, and if I am not wrong, close to 5.5 or 
1,000 crores for increased pension liability due to the wage revision. So, is this excess EOM 
there will be more even for FY '24 or is that FY '24 is taken care?  
 
And additionally, I mean, why did not you sort of like, and you have enough profitability. So, 
why to sort of spread it over three years? Why not just charge also in the P&L account at once 
and move ahead? Because, I mean, from solvency perspective or even from a medieval 
perspective, anyway, it may not make much difference. So, in terms of cost, if you can also tell 
that with this wage revision, will there be any other impact coming in future. Because one, I can 
see that the wage revision-led pension charges you have taken, but I mean at least in EV, but 
any other impact coming from this wage revision or anything else? That's one.  
 
Second question will be broadly on the kind of regulatory development. So, one, I mean, we 
read in media some thought process of yours on health, if you can add something. And also some 
media report is coming that the regulatory thinking on this surrender regulation once again and 
there is also a talk of a kind of a removal of the upfront higher commission and moving more 
towards the mutual fund led kind of a trail commission model. What's your thought on that is 
that upfront commission removal going to happen, and if at all, how ready are you, and if that 
can work here? 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
So, thank you. I would just answer this health space and regulatory changes with regard to 
product regulation surrenders. So far as health is concerned, you see, we are already in health 
business. We are selling health insurance products though these are not indemnity products, 
fixed benefit products we are quite experienced.  
 
But looking to the scenario, this composite license whether the act will be amended and 
composite license will come, so we have done some internal work ourselves to occupy some 
space in health insurance segment because we are not expert in this general business, general 
insurance business, but health will be a natural choice. And for that we are exploring some 
inorganic type of growth to acquire some stake or in some company so that will also cater to the 
need of the society in health insurance space, but that is at a very, very preliminary stage.  
 
So far as this regulation is concerned, we as insurance companies, we have placed before 
regulator our views. Discussion is going on. Some final outcome will come which will be in the 
best interest of customers as well as industry. So, that is going on still now. Nothing finalized 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
yet, but it will be in the best interest of the customers, keeping in mind the interest of the industry. 
That is at this stage.  
K. R. Ashok: 
Good morning. I am K.R. Ashok. Regarding the point on analysis of movement on IEV and on 
the future charge on shareholder fund amounting to Rs.12,914 crores, yes, it comprises for both 
the years, '22-'23 and '23-'24, the excess of expenses over the allowable limits which IRDAI has 
allowed us to charge it to the shareholder fund, starting from '24-'25.  
Avinash: 
So, on this, I mean, so, I see this recent wage revision-led pension hike is also part of this 12,900 
and the second question follow-up on this is that why not just, I mean, P&L account charge at 
once because your solvency is perfectly fine, your profitability is high? So, why this permission 
to spread it out over three years? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
See, the wage revision comprises of three components. One is the arrears, one is the gratuity 
revenue and cash flow, and third is the pension liability. So, the pension liability is futuristic in 
nature and the amortization over the next three years is purely pertaining to the pension liability 
which is futuristic in nature and based on the regulatory approvals, we are amortizing it over a 
period of three years starting from '24-'25 financial year.  
Avinash: 
O.K. and in your employee cost for this quarter particularly, was there sort of a kind of a negative 
impact from bond yield movement on your pension liability? Because, I mean, in Q4, suddenly 
the employee expense has gone up. So, is there some sort of that revaluation of pension liabilities 
that you are also playing? If yes, then what's the quantum?  
Dinesh Pant: 
No, it is not because of interest rate because this liability for the pension and the employee cost 
continues to be valued on a consistent basis. So, it is not just based on any quarterly thing. 
Basically, it is on account of wage revision as has been explained earlier because actually LIC 
has been very prudent if you see in that context because this wage revision has come, circular 
notification has come in April, but because we considered the adjustable item, we have gone to 
the regulator, taken the approval.  
 
And all the expenses which were actually, for example, for the existing employees and the wage 
revisions have been provided for as explained by CFO, the expenses which are pertaining to 
futuristic something like pension is provided for fully in the embedded value calculation to give 
reflection and this replenishment as to the IRDAI approval will happen over the next three years 
in a systematic manner for smooth experience.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Supratim Datta: 
So, my first question was on the margin front. So, wanted to understand what has resulted in the 
margins on the PAR and the group business going down last year versus this year and over third 
quarter versus fourth quarter also there has been a margin decline. So, if you could explain that 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
what has resulted in this? Has the product benefits gone up? In which product has this gone up? 
And why did you have to revise the product benefits? If you could give us some clarity on that, 
that would be my first question.  
 
The second question would be on the expense of management. I understand the first participant 
also asked questions around this. So, just wanted to understand on the expense of management, 
the excess expense is related to the year FY '23. Now in FY '24, you know, what has been the 
experience compared to the current year, the new year guidelines? And could there be another 
negative impact next year as well due to this? If you could give some clarity on that as well, that 
would be very helpful.  
Sunil Agrawal: 
I will take the question on the expense of management. This is Sunil Agrawal. The expense of 
management, if you look at the note number 9 and note number 10, we have disclosed 
appropriately in the LODR the amount of 7,230 crores pertains to excess of expense under 
management for the year FY '22-'23. And note number 10 provides for excess of expense of 
management of 5,477 crore for '23-'24. And both these expenses will be amortized over a period 
of 3 years starting from '24-'25.  
 
Now this experience has been come due to the wage revision aspect which happens once in 5 
years. So, now for the next 5 years, there is not going to be any wage division. So, this is not 
likely to repeat in the future years as you were asking.  
K.R. Ashok: 
As regards the margins, yes, the margins under PAR and group had fallen mainly because of the 
movement in the risk-free rates. And in the case of group, the benefit enhancement done in the 
annuities is the major cause of it.  
Supratim Datta: 
So, if I understand correctly, so, on the group side, on the annuity business, you have enhanced 
the benefits. Is that correct?  
K.R. Ashok: 
Yes.  
Supratim Datta: 
Sir, given you have 70% market share already in this product, what is the need to enhance 
benefits here?  
Dinesh Pant: 
See, there are two aspects in the group business as well as overall business. In group business, 
in fact, the annuity rates have been improved across for individual as well as group side. But you 
will see that in the group business, there was a lot of deficit in the earlier quarter which has been 
significantly made good by increase in volumes in the funded business during the last quarter in 
particular.  
 
Now, typically, the funded business margins are lower as compared to other products. So, 
typically, if you see in fact during the last quarter, despite of overall APE growth of double-digit 
figures, the VNB by volume has been maintained.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
So, it's a conscious strategy of the company to strike the balance between the growth trajectory 
and achieving the VNB numbers. So, VNB margins in that context will undergo, keep on 
changing and that's partly because of the benefit structure. As well as in the last quarter, there 
was a significant impact of the change in the risk-free rates. So, that is something which is not a 
controllable thing, and there is a significant difference. So, all of these combined together have 
impacted.  
Supratim Datta: 
And if I could ask one last question. So, when I look at the channel mix, I understand you don't 
provide it on the APE basis. If that is something that you could provide, that would be very 
helpful. But even on the NBP basis, if I look at the channel, the Banca business, despite being 
of a small base, it hasn't moved fairly significantly over Y-o-Y despite you adding new partners 
and focusing on growing that channel. So, if you could talk to us regarding what is your strategy 
going forward in this business, how are you planning to drive growth here, that would be very 
helpful. And currently, what proportion of your new business premium would be coming from 
IDBI? If you could disclose that, that would also be very helpful.  
R. Doraiswamy: 
I am Doraiswamy here. The Bancassurance business of LIC has always been a smaller part of 
the overall strategy of the Corporation. We have been focusing on a very significant growth in 
terms of Bancassurance business and towards that, the tie-up with IDBI Bank is getting 
leveraged. They have contributed close to 900 crores of premium in the last year and we are 
expecting to have a really good contribution from them in the current year as well.  
 
Apart from that we are also in the process of entering into partnership with some more leading 
banks at the national level and at the regional players at the various state levels. That's also the 
activity for the current year. We expect a very decent growth in the Banca business, but without 
losing focus on our major strengths, which is the agency channel.  
Supratim Datta: 
Now, again, the previous participant had also asked this, that there was a question on trail 
commission, because there was an article recently that talking about moving from a front-loaded 
commission to a trail commission. So, could you give us some clarity on how that would impact 
your agents, or how would you look at that as a regulatory change? If you could give us some 
color. 
Dinesh Pant: 
Actually, it's a thing which has been in discussion for long, because even previous discussions 
also, there is concepts of trail commission, or accumulated commission being allowed in the 
regulation, have been a part of the discussion. Possibly there are pros and cons of every type of 
commission structure. Front-loaded commission structures historically have been there in case 
of insurance business, because it is largely a push-driven, it's difficult business, not very easy 
business.  
 
But then, persistency becomes a challenge, and then with the new expectations around what 
should be the right exit value, one of the options is whether accumulated commissions are 
allowing distribution of commission in a fair manner commensurate to the persisted experience. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
All these things are being examined, and regulator has already allowed liberal commission 
regulations, but then it has also got an impact.  
 
So, all the discipline around this is being examined. As it comes about, industry will implement 
it. Industry within itself is also examining what is the best way of self-regulation, so that the 
win-win situation is arrived at in the context of the policyholders, as well as for the distributor, 
while ensuring that the shareholders' interest, or all stakeholders' interest, including profit 
margin. So, there is a fair, good discussion is happening between industry and the regulator, and 
that activity is going in that direction.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Uday Pai from Investec. Please go ahead.  
Uday Pai: 
I just wanted to know what is the commission in our Non-PAR products? And have we seen an 
increase in the commission rate over the last year? That is the first question.  
 
And on the second question, the recent regulation states that the policies are now to be issued in 
an electronic manner. Are you looking for an e-insurance account? Or are you doing it in some 
different way? Because last year we have tied up with the post office to issue manual policies. 
So, how has that process changed out, is what I was looking for.  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
You see, for this Non-PAR product, as you are telling, commission varies. Commission depends 
upon term and other factors. So, it is not fixed. Depending upon term of premium payment, 
commission structure varies. 
 
Secondly, IR, insurance repository, we are also working on that for this e-insurance account and 
electronic mode of policy issue. That is also being discussed now, but it will take some time. 
Already, some groundwork, we have already started at our level. We are fully ready.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, firstly, on the economic assumptions and changes in variances, what would be the share of 
equity and debt? And what assumption changes you would have done?  
K.R. Ashok: 
See, the assumption changes actually we have been observing uptick can be a better experience 
in the mortality in case of group business and post COVID we thought that going forward this 
experience has improved and that is the major assumption changes that has contributed to the 
increase in IEV of 4,800 crores shown in the analysis of movement.  
 
And regarding the MTM, that is the economic assumption changes, there are three components 
in that. One is the MTM, the second is the investment A by E, and the third one is the RFR, 
which actually pushes down the IEV. The MTM is the major component in that investment 
variance.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Prayesh Jain: 
What were the other two components apart from MTM you said?  
K.R. Ashok: 
Sorry?  
Prayesh Jain: 
Apart from MTM, what were the other two components?  
K.R. Ashok: 
One is the investment A by E which is the actual investment over in the investment performance 
over and above the estimate, and the third one is the movement in risk free rate which has moved 
actually down compared to last year and it has impacted the IEV.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, secondly, if I look at a protection business, that saw a decline this year, and private players, 
on the other hand, have been seeing a strong growth. How do you think this will play out now, 
especially looking at the VNB margins, protection is the highest in VNB margin segment. So, 
how do you expect this segment to grow and what are the strategies around this? 
Dinesh Pant: 
See, if we look into the you know the term business in isolation in form of product only, you are 
right, that there is a downward thing. But very interesting change has happened in the current 
year. The take-up rate in the rider, which also come in the form of , you know, for the term side, 
there is a significant actually jump there. so, if we include the rider premium for the current year 
and last year, it's a Non-PAR protection would be around 201 APE would be there as compared 
to 190 last year. So, almost 6% growth would be observed there.  
 
So, this is a very interesting phenomenon which we have seen in this current year almost again 
14-15 crores of riders, 75 crores of riders have been taken up. So, our job is to offer products 
and the options to the customers. They will decide to pick up in which form whether they want 
to take in base products or whether they want to take in forms of riders, of course, but the term 
and pure protection continues to be one of the important focus areas for us. There has been a rate 
revision in the previous year which did impact both the ticket size as well as the take-up. We are 
working out on more variations of term products, and we expect them to deliver in this segment 
in the current year.  
Prayesh Jain: 
And if I look at your agency force and you have given that 35% of your agency force is 50 years 
old and above. How much of these guys would account for your premium? And do you think 
that there is a kind of transfer to the next generation possibility in this business? How do you see 
this 35% of your agency force is 50 at the number, which is quite high? So, how do you see this?  
R. Sudhakar: 
I am Sudhakar, ED, Marketing and CMO. See, in one way the agency force, which is above 50, 
that is the segment which brings us our majority of the annuity products as well as the larger 
ticket size products. Even if you look at the age of entry of the person, a person who is in the 
middle age or even above, they bring securitizes and customers from their particular age group 
which is likely to be more wealthy than, let us say, the age group of 18 to 25.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So, we take a balanced approach. When we recruit people, we recruit from all the segments. So, 
the age of 50 plus, that is where the majority of our club members, who are the most professional 
of the lot and whose productivity is very high is also situated. So, for us, the agency is a sort of 
profession which they continue throughout their life, and we need that these people should be 
with us even at a later age during which time they bring us the most valuable, I would say, ticket 
sizes and the customers. So, it is a balanced approach we are taking.  
R.Doraiswamy: 
We have agents who are second generation and third generation agents continuing with LIC 
which has been a major source of strength for us. And in fact, these experienced agents really 
add value in terms of cutting across generation and getting us enrolled into the business segment 
as well.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Is it fair to assume that these 35% would contribute more than 50% of the premium collection?  
R. Sudhakar: 
45%.  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
Almost 45%.  
Prayesh Jain: 
How much?  
R. Sudhakar: 
45%. 
Prayesh Jain: 
45%. Okay, got that. 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
But new recruitment, out of all new recruit, every year we recruit more than large agents, you 
will find more than 50% are below 35 age. Youngsters we are adding.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, my last question is, now LIC had a kind of an advantage in the Tier-2, Tier-3 towns given 
its presence out there, but now private players are also kind of expanding in these geographies. 
And so, do you see an increased competition? And do you think that there could be some pressure 
in terms of margins coming from the lower Tier-segments? And just one clarification. We move 
from 7.5% sharing in PAR to 10% next year, right?  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
No, 18.32%.  
Dinesh Pant: 
It is already from 8.9, it has gone up to 18 plus. 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
Surplus distribution you are talking about.  
Prayesh Jain: 
I am talking about distribution of profit, sharing of profit.  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
From this year onwards. From '24-'25, it will get increased.  
Prayesh Jain: 
And just on the Tier-2 strategy, Tier-2, Tier-3 strategy.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
You see Tier-2, Tier-3, already we are there, and we have further strengthened. As you are telling 
competition is going on, now our private players, they are also focusing on Tier-2, Tier-3. This 
year we have taken a target; we should represent every panchayat. Every panchayat in the 
country must have one LIC agent at least. So, that is the target for the current year and in that 
direction we have already started. And this year we have also taken one project, Agency 
Transformation Project for the current year. We call it Jeevan Samarth. So, that is just started. 
So, we expect in current year, we will be more strong in those areas, Tier-2, Tier-3 cities and 
also rural areas.  
M. Jagannath: 
Just to supplement, Jagannath here, around August 2023, we have recruited around 6,000 
Probationary Development Officers. They are all in action. Most of them are in Tier-2, Tier-3 
branches and satellite offices. So, they are on a good mode as far as recruitment is concerned of 
agents.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
I am looking at your PAR business net VNB margins, and despite the fact that your share in 
economics has gone up, the overall margin has gone down. So, how should one think of it?  
K.R. Ashok: 
As far as PAR VNB margin is concerned, there are two factors. The predominant factor is the 
southward movement of various trades. And that had impacted not only PAR, it has impacted 
all lines.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
And in the group business, you mentioned that you have increased payouts, right? Or basically 
increased the returns.  
K.R. Ashok: 
Sorry, can you repeat?  
Nischint Chawathe: 
In the group business, you mentioned that you have increased the IRR payouts, right?  
K.R. Ashok: 
Yes, actually we have increased the annuity payouts.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, we were just wondering, while there is an increase in Non-PAR business and I think that's 
playing out quite nicely, this is kind of taking out the benefit and that's where I think our margins 
are sort of inched up a little bit. So, going forward, what kind of a margin expansion guidance 
you would want to give? Because on one side, we see that the Non-PAR share, I think as you 
articulated, is nicely going up. But then, somehow we have these kinds of distortions in the group 
business or maybe even in the par business.  
K.R. Ashok: 
See, actually, we need to look at both the strategy, short-term strategy in garnering our new 
business and also how to outperform the margins. So, there has been constant review and 
constant movement on how we need to take the things forward and there is also, in terms of 

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
group, there is also a high competitive pressure. So, we have to balance all these things. And if 
we look at the overall margin, the overall margin has moved up by 60 bps by sort of balancing 
and articulating on all the elements to be there.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
And in the EV walk, we saw the unwinding rate going up, and I think you have fairly large 
world. Yes.  
K.R. Ashok: 
As far as the unwinding rate is concerned, the major component that is coming is the equity 
backing ratios sitting on the ASM fund. See, what is happening is the ASM fund also contributes 
to the long-term outlook based on what is going to be our outlook on the industry and therefore, 
the unwind has slightly increased. Going forward, because this is a sort of market consistent 
basis, the entire valuation, so looking at how the market play out, we will be revisting that.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, summarily, you are looking at a rally in the bond market in the near term.  
K.R. Ashok: 
Sorry.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Rally in the bond market.  
K.R. Ashok: 
What is the question?  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Summarily, you are looking at a rally in the bond market.  
Dinesh Pant: 
No, no. It is not only about bond market. See, what was being described is that there are certain 
components of embedded value which remain there, and they are significant and long-term, see, 
in Indian equity market, expectations in long term remain to be good. So, that being a component 
of our embedded value gives actually a long term and consistent stable strength to us.  
 
Bond market has got different purposes. Bond market, in fact, the interest rate will go up. The 
market valuations may not go up because of that thing. So, it's a balance of the portfolio and this 
equity backing ratio allows us to give better results and create actually long-term value for the 
embedded value purpose also.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just one final one is on the health insurance business. Some of the non-life insurance companies 
have a fairly good health insurance practice. So, would you kind of consider looking at a merger 
with any of the non-life companies as well or would you want to stick only to health?  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
No, no, there is no such proposal for merging with taking in non-life PSU companies, but we 
will definitely explore possibilities to have some stake in some standalone health insurance 
company, something like that. That also we are working on that. What will be the best interest 
of our customers as well as all the other stakeholders, that is being worked out now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Aditi Joshi: 
So, I should have three questions. The first one is on the product mix target for 2025. So, can 
you please help us reiterate what is the target mix for 2025? And second on the channel mix 
outlook as well. So, I do understand that the current share of Bancassurance is very less, but 
because that you are targeting a good growth in the segment, so what will be the channel mix 
target you have in your mind?  
 
And also, just wondering that because of the slight changes or slight potential changes in the 
channel mix, do you think that some sort of mix change we can see in the products as well? For 
instance, a popular product in Bancassurance can be a unit product, so maybe a slight increase 
in that product as well.  
 
And just lastly on the agency channel, can you please help highlight as in what potential 
challenges do you see in growing the agent headcount? And are we targeting any growth like 
additional growth, incremental, accelerated growth in the year 2025 in agency as well? 
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
See both product as well as channel, last year already because of directional change, we have 
launched some products in Non Par segment, and we got desired result and share of Non-PAR 
APE 18.32%, it rose from 8.89%, more than double. So, current year, of course, those Non-PAR 
product focus will be there, but there are certain segments. We will have certain products 
catering to particular segment.  
 
We are now planning suppose for Banca, we will have Banca specific product, that also we are 
focusing. And for marginalized people, product should be there to sell through CSC. So, that 
also we are working on that. So, product line this year, we will find different varieties of product 
to cater to various segments and focus, of course, will be on profitability and growth.  
 
So far as channel is concerned, Banca channel already some deployment has been done and we 
want to grow at least 5-6% from present 3.61% share of Banca to total our business. So, that will 
grow at least 5%, 6%. That is our target for Banca.  
Aditi Joshi: 
And just following up on the third question on the agency channels. So, what is the, any growth 
target for the agent headcount for this year? According to you, we might see some accelerated 
growth in the headcount this year or just maybe a growing.  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
Absolutely, agency channel, as I told earlier, it will be further strengthened. We want to enhance 
the capability of our agents. Their competency must also increase. We want to enable them 
through technology. Already they are using our ANANDA mobile app. We want to make them 
totally tech-enabled agents. So, that further growth is there, and their competency should also 
increase. They should compete in the market. And growth will also be expected from the agency 
channel. Definitely growth, because agency channel they comprise 96% of the business. So, 
there will be growth in the agency channel also.  

 
Life Insurance Corporation of India 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
M. Jagannath: 
Just to supplement further, the FY '23 agency recruitment, new agents recruited was 1,79,000. 
Last year, it was 2,71,000 new agents recruited, and so close to 1,00,000 added during FY '24 as 
new agents. Of course, there will be also attrition. 
 
But going forward for FY '25 as well, the thrust on new agents recruitment is going to be there 
and our probationary development officers are yet to run around half of their probationary period 
in this. They will also be definitely coming into play with regard to fresh recruitment of agents 
from the market, more particularly from Tier-2, Tier-3, etc. So, therefore, I am confident that 
there will be good agency growth, agency recruitment growth in the current year as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the last question for today is from the line of Mohit Mangal 
from BOB Capital. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Mangal: 
My only question is in terms of the protection. You said that you are working on more variants. 
So, can we expect more products in Financial Year ‘25 or you are working on the repricing, 
because I think that's one area I think you need to kind of catch up with that compared to the 
private players?  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
So, that is a continuous process. Looking to the need of the market, we design products from 
time to time, and this year also definitely there will be some products, unique products to cater 
to the needs of the market.  
Mohit Mangal: 
So, will it be a pure term product or you are also thinking of return of premium products?  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
Various segments. It will be in various segments.  
Dinesh Pant: 
We already have return of premium product which is gaining quite good popularity, and, 
“JEEVAN KIRAN”, we have got that product. And what we are trying to work out is more 
varieties of product, I would not like to discuss is something in the making, but all options will 
be given. And even, in fact, repricing, adding newer features into the existing products, all of 
that is we are open to it, and we are considering that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mohanty for closing comments.  
Siddhartha Mohanty: 
So, thank you, friends. I am grateful to all of you on this call for your patient listening and for 
your quality questions. We hope that we have been able to answer all your queries to your 
satisfaction. As we have spent significant time and energy for realigning our PAR, Non-PAR 
with our channel mix in the last year, we are setting ourselves a new ambition for this year which 
is to enhance our dominance on market share basis. Thank you very much and have a good day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of LIC, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
