 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 502-503, SAKAR III, OPP. OLD HIGH COURT, OFF ASHRAM ROAD, AHMEDABAD-380014, GUJARAT, INDIA 
PH.: +91-79-40507000, 27541989   E-mail: finance@armanindia.com CIN: L55910GJ1992PLC018623 
 
Date: June 04, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai- 400051 
Script Code:  531179 
ISIN: INE109C01017 
Symbol: ARMANFIN 
Series: EQ  
 
Dear Sir,  
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTOR CALL HELD ON MAY 29, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation of our letter dated May 24, 2024, please find attached herewith the 
transcript of the conference call held on Wednesday, May 29, 2024 for Q4 FY 2023-24. 
Kindly take it on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jaimish Patel 
Company Secretary  
M. No.-A42244 
JAIMISH 
GOVINDBH
AI PATEL
Digitally signed by JAIMISH GOVINDBHAI PATEL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380024, l=Ahmedabad, 
st=Gujarat, street=412-2306 Gujarat Housing Board, 
Bapunagar, Nr, Navrnag Flat, title=7699, 
2.5.4.20=225770a731266e13c2cb9586f41792d914836897d
dd610f45c89a75d5eae81eb, 
serialNumber=d7887e078ab1b7c7ddc751f5a22613a1a60f0
51f5e0c3317b156380e8cbfc11d, email=jaimish.702@gmail.
com, cn=JAIMISH GOVINDBHAI PATEL 
Date: 2024.06.04 18:21:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Arman Financial Services Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2024 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ALOK PATEL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK MODI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MAYANK MISTRY – JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 29, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arman Financial Services Limited Q4 and 
FY'24 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thank you, Zico. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Arman Financial Services. First of all, I would like to thank the management 
of Arman Financial Services for giving us the opportunity to host this call. From the management 
team, we have Mr. Alok Patel, Joint MD; and Mr. Vivek Modi, Group CFO. I would like to hand 
over the call to Mr. Patel for his opening remarks, post which we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Alok Patel: 
Thank you so much, Mayank. And on behalf of Arman Financial Services, I extend a warm 
welcome to our Q4 and FY '24 earnings conference call. So with me today, we have also Vivek 
Modi, who is the group CFO, and also on the line, our SGA Investor Relations people. 
I hope you had the opportunity to review the Q4 and FY '24 results, the press release and also 
the presentation, which is available on the Stock Exchanges and on our website. Before diving 
into the quarterly and yearly performance update, I would like to highlight some key aspects of 
the macroeconomic landscape. Following the initial 2 years of the COVID-induced stress, the 
economy has shown significant recovery over the past two financial years. This rebound has 
positively impacted sectors such as ours, particularly microfinance and the MSME lending 
sectors. 
Consequently, the industry has experienced steady and sharp growth over the last 2 years with 
all parameters reflecting excellent results. Key indicators such as disbursements, AUM growth, 
operating expense, cost of borrowing and asset quality have all shown improvements or largely 
remained stable, demonstrating the resilience and adaptability of the industry. 
The sector maintained its momentum in the last 2 years, largely without any major setbacks. 
This resulted in record profits and growth. Arman's growth was bolstered by effective risk 
management practices and effective last mile delivery of credit to the customers. Consistent 
performance and positive developments have laid a solid foundation for continued growth in the 
sector in the long run. 
As a testament to this, the credit ratings for both Arman and Namra were upgraded to A- with a 
stable outlook by CARE ratings in March 2024. Now turning to Arman's FY '24 consolidated 
performance. The company has implemented stringent credit filters, resulting in a high rejection 
rate for ensuring that the maintenance of a high-quality loan book. Despite the rigorous screening 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
process, we reported a 30% growth in disbursements amounting to approximately INR 2300 
crores, driven by robust and consistent demand during the review period that is FY '24. 
Our Microfinance and MSME AUM reported 35% and 44% year-on-year growth, respectively. 
As on 31st March 2024, Arman's consolidated assets under management stood at INR2,639 
crores, registering a growth of 36% has compared to INR1,943 crores on 31st March 2023. Our 
stand-alone assets under management, which includes lending to micro enterprise Two-Wheeler 
loans, and of course, the new Micro LAP pilot vertical increased by 42% to INR446 crores as 
compared to INR315 crores on 31st March 2023. 
Assets under management of our Microfinance subsidy number of finance registered a growth 
of 35% to reach INR2,193 crores as compared to INR1,628 crores on 31st March 2023. This 
growth was further supported by favourable economic environment post-COVID, as I 
mentioned, and also the revised regulatory framework issued by the Reserve Bank of India in 
2022. 
Our consolidated profit after tax for the full year ended 31st March 2024, stood at a record 
INR174 crores registering an 85% year-on-year growth as compared to INR94 crores in the last 
year. This PAT, I would hope you would agree, was much higher than expectations. Arman has 
always embraced a progressive approach, which has been instrumental in sustaining growth 
while maintaining asset quality and collection efficiency. 
Our gross non performing assets, which is GNPA, stood at 2.88% and net non performing assets, 
which is NNPA, were at a low of 31 basis points for period ended 31st March 2024. Collection 
efficiency for the month of March in our Microfinance business stood at 96.5%. MSME business 
stood at 97.6%, and our Two-Wheeler business stood at 95.6%. Consolidated collection 
efficiency stood at 96.6%. Total borrowings amounted to INR2,261 crores, comprising of a 
diverse mix of financial instruments. 
We maintained substantial liquidity of about INR180 crores in cash and bank balance, liquid 
investments and undrawn CC limits with a comfortable debt-to-equity ratio of 1.8 times, and a 
healthy capital adequacy ratio of 62.7% on a stand-alone basis. The subsidiary NAMRA has a 
capital adequacy of 32.8%. As such, thanks to the recent QIP, we are well capitalized to continue 
our growth trajectory. 
Cumulative provisions stood at INR90 crores, which is 3.4% of the consolidated assets under 
management. of these provisions for the Arman stand-alone business stood at INR17 crores, and 
for the subsidiary Namra stood at INR73 crores. In terms of branch expansion, we have opened 
67 new branches over the last 12 months, bringing our total branch count to 402 branches. This 
expansion has been complemented by successful penetration into newer states and geographies 
where performance has been promising. 
Additionally, we have initiated a pilot for the rural micro LAP product in Q4. While it is too 
early to comment on its success, we are optimistic about its long-term potential. Over the last 
year, the company initiated several technological and digital advancements, including Aadhar-
based biometric e-sign; the launch of new HR software; live staff tracking; streamlined paperless 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
loan origination; AI-based bot calling; monitoring apps for audit and supervisors; the 
establishment of a business intelligence unit using advanced analytics; and many other initiatives 
as well. 
During the year, we successfully completed a fundraise through a qualified institutional 
placement or a QIP of INR230crores, which ensures we are adequately capitalized for future 
growth. The completion of this QIP is a significant milestone in our journey towards enhancing 
financial inclusion in rural India. The fundraise of participation from various marquee investors 
underscoring their confidence in Arman Finance business and its business model. 
You may also recall that the company had raised INR115 crores through CCBs and OCRPS in 
September 2022. These instruments all converted in March 2024 and simplifies our shareholding 
structure. The consolidated net worth now stands at almost INR813 crores. We are confident 
that we are on the right path to achieve our strategic goal of building INR5,000 crores of AUM 
while maintaining a balanced debt-to-equity ratio. This solid finance foundation, combined with 
our strategic initiatives positions us well for continued growth and success. 
Now let me run through the key consolidated financial figures for the quarter and the full year 
ended 31st March 2024. For the fourth quarter of FY'24, the gross total income stood at INR183 
crores, registering a growth of 23% year-on-year as compared to INR149 crores in Q4 FY'23. 
Net total income amounted to INR120 crores, registering a growth of 40% year-on-year as 
compared to INR86 crores in Q4 FY'23. 
Pre-provisioning operating profit, or PPOP, stood at INR88 crores registering a growth of 40% 
year-on-year as compared to INR63 crores in Q4 FY'23. Profit after tax stood at INR51 crores 
for the quarter, registering a growth of 40% year-on-year as compared to INR36 crores in Q4 
FY'23. Yield stood at 25.1%. Net interest margin stood at 15.2%. Cost to income stood at 26.6%. 
Now for the full fiscal year ended 2024, the gross total income stood at INR662 crores, 
registering a growth of 56% year-on-year as compared to INR424 crores in FY'23. 
Net total income amounted to INR396 crores, registering a growth of 57% year-on-year as 
compared to INR252 crores in FY '23. Pre-provisioning operating profit stood at INR293 crores, 
registering a growth of 73% year-on-year as compared to INR170 crores in FY '23. Profit after 
taxes stood at INR174 crores, registering a growth of 85% year-on-year as compared to INR94 
crores in FY '23. 
Return on average AUM stood at 7.6%. Return on equity stood at 27.8%. And just as an FYI, 
this 27.8% ROE calculation includes the QIP proceeds of INR230 crores raised in the last week 
of December. So all in all, a great year. And thanks to all the stakeholders for their invaluable 
support. With this, I would request the operator to open the floor for the question-and-answer 
session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Amit Mantri from 2Point2 Capital. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Amit Mantri: 
Congratulations on a strong quarter and a year. My first question, so what's the average 
borrowing rate for the company now? And has that number declined because of this funding and 
decline in leverage for you? 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. Vivek, do you want to take that? 
Vivek Modi: 
So Amit, all costed out, it turns out to be about 13%-odd for the year. But post the QIP, we've 
already seen the rates coming down by about 50 bps to 75 bps in the last quarter, which is both 
on account of the benefits of QIP itself and the recent upgrade that we've also got with CARE. 
Alok Patel: 
So that 13% by the way, is all-inclusive.. 
Amit Mantri: 
Okay. And so now going forward, you would expect a 12.5% to 13% interest rate that will be 
there for the company? 
Vivek Modi: 
Lower than that now. 
Alok Patel: 
Lower. At least we are expecting 100 bps dip as is the market interest rates. So if the market 
interest rates were to decline further, then obviously, it would be even more decline in the rates. 
Amit Mantri: 
And also I think the -- sorry, continue. 
Vivek Modi: 
So in addition to that, Amit, since we are also kind of issuing pretty -- a lot of listed NCDs 
wherein the -- generally, these  rates are approximately 11%, 11.5% approximate. 
Amit Mantri: 
Sure. And are you also cutting your lending rates by the same amount? Or are those pretty much 
staying the same? 
Alok Patel: 
We are cutting our lending rates, of course, for competition and of course, through different 
pressure that is announced by regulators and other things. So definitely the REITs have gone 
down, but not necessarily due to the cost of -- the weighted average cost of funds going down 
because -- but yes overall the rates have been declined. The yields have been coming down. 
Amit Mantri: 
Sure. And can you talk a bit about the collections. The collection efficiencies seem to have seen 
some dip in this quarter. 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. So overall there is some pressure on the collections. Numerous factors at play. Of course, 
there is heat and there is elections, but largely speaking there's a lot of -- I mean in certain areas 
there has been a lot of over lending going on and that has been generating pressure for us on the 
repayment side. So hopefully it's nothing permanent and we can get it fixed in the next couple 
of quarters. 
Amit Mantri: 
Got it. What kind of loan book growth are you targeting for this financial year? 
Alok Patel: 
So about 25% to 30% is what we are approximately targeting. 
Amit Manti: 
Okay got it. Thank you very much Aalok and good luck for this year.  

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Alok Patel: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra: 
So can I have an idea of what kind of credit costs are we expecting in the next year and also if 
we have an idea about FY '26 as well? 
Alok Patel: 
See as far as credit cost these things are a little difficult to predict, but on an ongoing basis, on a 
steady state on average we expect about 2.5% to 3% of credit costs going forward. There will 
be some years it might be lower than that. Some years might be higher than that, but about 2.5% 
is what we expect on average. 
Narendra: 
Okay. Great. And in your previous question you said that you have been reducing lending rates 
as well and also our borrowing rate is expected to reduce. So, are our NIMs going to be protected 
or would there be pressure if you can throw some light on that? 
Alok Patel: 
NIMs would be largely protected. 
Narendra: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Alok Patel: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balkrushna Vaghasia from Axanoun Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
So what is your branch expansion goal in the financial year '25? 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. So we are targeting anywhere from about 60 to 75 new branches plus certain split branches 
as well and that will be a combination of expansions in Bihar, Jharkhand areas. And also at this 
point we are fairly certain of going to Telangana as we had predicted in the previous year that 
we were testing it in -- for our MSME side. So Microfinance will also go towards Telangana and 
possibly all Karnataka. So full work is going on right now as far as evaluations. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
And with regard to rural LAP that you have conducted the pilot project. So what do you think -
- what will be the bottleneck in this product for expansion? 
Alok Patel: 
This quarter we are predicting about a INR6 crores or INR7 crores disbursement. Again, it's a 
pilot. It's really early to say. All in all we are quite bullish on it. There are certain -- as far as the 
customer and the product goes there is no real challenge. It's a product that we sell and of course 
it's a product that there would be a demand for especially in the rural area where there are -- 
there is not a lot of suppliers or rather financial institutions in place.  
But on the flip side the reason why they are not is because doing the documentation for the 
mortgage is challenging there and so working out those issues remains the larger challenge more 
than anything else. So let's see overall, but quite bullish on the product overall and I don't think 
that it's going to be a very significant portion of our book this year. These are more about planting 
seeds for the future. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Another question is on the like a macro level. When I look at the microfinance player, 
particularly if I consider those guys who are listed. So everybody is talking about growth from 
20% to 40%. So do you think there is a euphoria in microfinance lending or what are the 
indicators at which we can look and say that okay the sector has peaked right now? 
Alok Patel: 
Largely speaking I think everybody is talking about 20% to 25% growth specifically the larger 
players that include the SFBs. There is still a demand. Let's not -- there are definitely certain 
areas which have -- are more saturated than others if I can put it that way. But definitely there 
are areas in India I would say at least 40% of India is underpenetrated, but these are more sort 
of difficult to access places or the density might be the issue, the operating cost might be slightly 
higher.  
And so slowly, slowly MFIs including ourselves are making our way into those areas. Now that 
said overall from a regulatory environment things have become -- I don't think RBI is very -- 
has been a little worried about unsecured lending in India. And so overall the sort of lower 
growth reflects that the regulators warning on the unsecured lending business in India, but for 
us we don't see much of an issue.  
In fact, overall our growth target originally I think every year has been somewhere in the 
neighbourhood of 35% to 40%. This year given the slight decrease in the repayment  that we 
saw in this last quarter. The question that we ask ourselves is that is this a temporary blip in 
which we'll have to sort of increase our underwriting. and that might increase rejections and all 
in all reduced the overall growth rate? Or can we continue? So 25% is somewhat in the minimum 
range, possibly it might be larger. 
Now your original question was that, is this euphoria? I don't think so. I mean overall, 
microfinance still has a good two to four years to go before it reaches that euphoric moment of 
growing faster than it needs to. Right now, I don't think that growing 25%, 30% is dangerous at 
all. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Another question is on the capital adequacy, like for the -- in the long term, what will be your 
comfortable capital adequacy ratio? 
Alok Patel: 
Typically, we target about 4.5x of debt to equity. That comes out to 22%-25%or so. 
Vivek Modi: 
Yes, 25% is a good capital adequacy to have. And at times 25% is when one would really want 
to trigger off equity raise. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
And last question regarding the provision. So during the year, what was the moment in the 
provision in terms of how much you created and how much you use for write-off? And another 
question is, how much loan did you directly write off without using the provisions? 
Alok Patel: 
So from an accounting standpoint, I think all write-offs are done through provisions only. Total 
write-offs -- we start with the beginning provision balance and the impairment to it and reduce 
it by... 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Vivek Modi: 
Overall, the write-offs in microfinance was about INR40-odd crores and the stand-alone Arman 
would have been another INR5 crores taken together. And the balance is -- the additional 
provision that would have come in, which is basically the balance provision is on account of the 
growth in the AUM portfolio. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Basically whatever I am seeing in the profit and loss statement, there is the provision amount 
you created for the year? 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. So how much of the impairment I think he's asking... 
Vivek Modi: 
So about INR20-odd crores would be the additional provision that has been created and the 
write-offs were about INR40-odd crores out of the INR65 crores that you might see in the write-
offs and provisions. Does that answer your question? 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Yes. So basically, what I see impairment losses on financial assets for the financial year 2024 in 
the profit and loss statement, there is INR65 crores, right? So that is what you created the amount 
you created for provision, right? That's what I'm asking. 
Alok Patel: 
Yes, yes. So that impairment cost of INR65 crores, if you had to attribute it to increase in 
provisions versus write-offs, what Vivek is saying around INR40 crores to INR45 crores would 
be write-offs and INR20 crores to INR25 crores would be provision -- increase in provisions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Sicom Family Office. 
Rohan Mehta: 
My first question is, so what is the progress you have made on when it comes to the entry into 
Telangana and Jharkhand, and also on the expansion of the MSME segment and micro LAP. 
Just wanted to get your thoughts on what you read from the on-ground experience so far? 
Alok Patel: 
So Jharkhand, we have already gone into with about -- branches are already there with a plan to 
open another 10 to 15 branches in the next two to three months. Telangana, we are already there 
through our MSME segment. For Microfinance, we have not opened any branches yet, but the 
plan is to expand through Hubli area. Sorry, that’s Karnataka. Excuse me, I'm confusing the two. 
So for Karnataka, the plan is to expand through Northern Karnataka around Hubli area. 
For Telangana, it would have to be near about Warangal area -- that area, we are planning, but 
we have not opened any branches there yet. We have started recruiting and we have the state 
heads and the RMs and the EMs and the DMs, the initial team, the ones that we are transferring 
versus the ones which we are recruiting. So all of that is in place. They're all in notice periods 
and should be joining in due course. 
So Telangana and Karnataka, you can expect early next quarter to start operations. The 
experience in Bihar and Jharkhand so far have been very good for us. In fact, the repayment rate 
is, in both these states are quite high. I think Bihar would be 98% plus and -- 98.5% plus and 
Jharkhand is around 99% plus 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Alok Patel: 
But this is typically our experience that when we go to a new place for at least the first 12 months 
to 18 months, you don't really run into any credit issues. So the first time you go in is usually 
honeymoon period, I guess? 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. And so my second question is, how do you see the change in the borrowing mix 
wherein if you see your share of bank mix and DA that has gone up. So any broad strategy, any 
change over there that you see? 
Alok Patel: 
In the borrowing? 
Rohan Mehta: 
Yes, in the borrowing mix. 
Vivek Modi: 
If you look at it, let's say from '23 to '24, I think the borrowing dependence on the banking 
increased and in fact, the borrowings from larger NBFCs have considerably gone down during 
the financial year '24. And last few quarters and for the future, I think we are scaling up our 
NCD -- retail NCD as a promising way to borrow money. And that should kind of go up from 
something like 12%, 13% to sizable 20%, 25% maybe. 
Alok Patel: 
And so I think almost 41% of our overall borrowings are coming from banks. But the second 
largest borrowing is from -- believe it or not, is off-balance sheet, which is direct assignments. 
Vivek Modi: 
Which is also banks. 
Alok Patel: 
Which is also banks only, of course. And in that case, we are getting quite a bit of -- quite a good 
rate, you can call it. Effective rate is all said and done is very attractive to do these DA 
transactions. I don't know what this year will look like. I'm guessing that DA demand will be as 
much as it was last year, I'm guessing. But I think the third largest will probably be the listed 
NCDs or retail NCDs, whatever we call it. So wherever we are -- wherever we get a rate 
advantage and somewhat reliability of funds, that is where we try to borrow from. Of course, 
that goes without say, but... 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Hi, team and good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my 
side, sir. I see that you now have a fairly wide presence in the Microfinance business in more 
than half a dozen states. Just to get your philosophical perspective, in your view, does the 
Microfinance business operate in different ways across differentstates? Or in other words, how 
much customization do you need to make to your operations when you enter a new state based 
on the behavioural patterns of customers in that state? 
Alok Patel: 
That is actually an excellent question. And like all complicated questions, the answer is that it 
depends. The good part about Microfinance is why it's somewhat easier to grow than other form 
of businesses that it is easily replicable. So my systems that work in Gujarat will largely work 
in Jharkhand, even though culturally, those two economically, culturally, socially in every way, 
these are very different states. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
But I would have to adapt to my credit underwriting policy depending on which areas I'm 
operating. And that not only depends on state-to-state, but it depends on district-to-district also. 
And in fact, if you go to the branch level, that depends even on a village-to-village level, right, 
depending on the different occupations and communities and other areas that people operate. 
 
So why the processes are extremely generic across India, the overall underwriting policies and 
risk factors to consider are tailored on a state-to-state level, if that makes sense. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, and secondly, on the commentary which you made around collections, seeing some pressure 
across different areas. 
 
Can you just give some more insight on -- what are the challenges which you are facing and 
which states in particular are seeing those challenges? 
Alok Patel: 
See, I mean, without sugar coating things, Microfinance had an amazing run post-COVID. I 
don't think anybody would disagree with that. The regulatory environment was fantastic. The 
margin caps were removed, funds were available. Overall operating costs were under control. 
borrowing costs were under control. And asset quality was fantastic. It was better than anybody 
expected. 
 
Now as a result of growing extremely well in the last 2 years, there have been certain pockets 
that they have been over levered. There have been certain customers that have been over levered. 
I'm not going to say I'm holier than thou and say, I have nothing to do with it and others are 
being more aggressive. I mean, we are all swimming in the same pool. And so what effects one 
player will affect the industry. 
 
So it's nothing to be overly concerned about. But certainly, as MFI players, we have to take stock 
of the situation, maybe accepted that no honeymoon can last forever. And we are getting back 
on track. Things are getting back regular. The gains that we saw in the last 2 years post-COVID, 
the demand has kind of caught up overall. 
 
And so I don't know if that kind of answers your question in a very roundabout way. But largely 
speaking, my guess is that most of the problems are caused due to certain customers borrowing 
more than they can afford. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal from MAPL Value Investing Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Sir my first question is that when I look at 3 years before, this discussion is for MFI specifically. 
The average ticket size was around INR28,000, and today it stands at about INR47,000 -- 
INR46,000, INR47,000... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Agarwal, may I request that you use your handset, please. Your audio is slightly muffled as 
well, sir. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
All right. So I was saying that I was talking about the MFI specifically. When I look at data 3 
years ago, our average ticket size was about INR28,000. And currently, it stands at about 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
INR46,000, INR47,000. So I would like to understand is there a change in strategy when it 
comes to MFI and we are more okay with higher ticket size to the MFI lending because earlier, 
we wanted to keep it down and maybe most of customers do MSME they grow in size? So your 
thoughts on this will be helpful. 
Alok Patel: 
No, see, overall, the ticket sizes in the industry have been increasing. Specifically for us, we 
started -- when I started Microfinance in 2010, it was INR10,000, 1-year loan. And then the 
ticket sizes started going up, overall, the demand started going up more. Customers were not 
satisfied with just INR10,000. And so as the ticket size went up, the tenure went up. And so we 
switched to a 14-month product post which we switched to an 18-month product. And now we 
are at a 24-month product. So the overall goal has been always to keep the EMIs at an affordable 
rate or at an affordable level. 
 
That being said, yes, the overall ticket sizes on average have increased faster than they normally 
do post-COVID. That is just the new market reality and also the fact that post the new RBI 
regulations, wherein the restrictions were not put on total indebtedness, they were put on FOIR  
 
The ticket sizes are a natural kind of cause of those new regulations. Also, let me -- I've always 
said this, but let me mention again that as MFIs we largely compete on three things. And the 
first one is not rates. So while we do compete on rates, our customers are not very, very rate 
sensitive. What -- number one thing that we compete on is service. And by service, the customer 
wants as hassle free of loan experience as possible. 
 
They don't have time nor the knowledge, nor the inclination to jump through 20 hoops to get 
your loan. They want it as simply as possible. And once you disperse the loan, they want to 
repay it back as simply as possible as conveniently as possible. Number two, we compete on a 
quick turnaround. So our customers need the money yesterday. They don't need it today or 
tomorrow. They needed it yesterday. So I have to process my loan as quick as possible. 
 
And number three, what I compete on is ticket sizes. So as an MFI, I cannot be a complete outlier 
I mean I cannot be in a situation where I am lending INR20,000 the industry is lending at 
INR50,000 or INR60,000. I have to find some reasonable balance between risk and being 
competitive or staying competitive. So that's where the ticket sizes have wound up. But it's fine. 
We don't see a lot of stress due to ticket sizes. I mean, we do a lot of data check. We do a lot of 
analysis. There is not a lot of correlation that we have found between customers that we have 
lent higher ticket sizes to versus lower ticket sizes. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Got it. That was helpful. Sir, second question is on the collection efficiency. Pre-COVID it was 
around above 99%. And right now, I understand it's a post-COVID scenario. But do you see 
your collection efficiency moving beyond 98%, 98.5% in MFI maybe in a couple of years? 
Alok Patel: 
No. I mean that pre-COVID Microfinance of 99% is behind us. And let me also give you the 
disclaimer that people put a lot of emphasis on repayment rate but apparently, every company 
has its own way of calculating repayments and there is no standard accepted formula for 
repayment rate. But that being said, if you -- let's put repayment rate aside and talk about the 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
bottom line, which is credit cost. If I'm lending INR100, how much money am I going to not to 
get back? 
 
And so earlier pre-COVID during minus demon and AP crisis and other times, Largely, we were 
at about a 1% credit cost 1%,1.5% on average. Those days are unfortunately behind us. And you 
have to understand that when we started Microfinance the total portfolio of the entire industry 
was INR20,000 crores. 
Now it is something like INR4.5 lakh crores. So earlier, we used to manage cherry picking the 
customers. Now that cherry picking, you'll have to kind of move slightly higher in  to the tree to 
overall to use that analogy, I guess. So on a steady state over the next, let's say, 3 to 4 years, I 
would say that on average the credit cost should be about 2.5% not to exceed 3%. But again, 
these -- take whatever I say with the grain of salt some people say I'm too pessimistic but that is 
the reality. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanidhya from Unicorn Assets. Please go ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
So, my question is basically two parts to my question. One is just basic numbers and other is -- 
more on a philosophical side. So let's go on the numbers first. So our NIMs have like reached 
around 15% like quarter-wise or yearly as well and the yields have been significantly good for 
us. Whereas the collection efficiency is slightly deteriorated and versus the provisions that we 
have made not very much increased. So how do you look at the whole scenario? So the NIMs 
are positive, whereas collection efficiency is a little bit negative. Provisions on the other hand 
have been in line with the previous year. So I want your view on these three things together. 
Alok Patel: 
Okay. So that's -- what is the philosophical question? 
Sanidhya: 
That's more on the... 
Alok Patel: 
This is the number question. 
Sanidhya: 
Yes, this is the philosophical only. So I want to understand how you see this? Like this is not the 
typical pattern that we see in the industry, either we see that the NIMs have been decreasing 
because of the credit costs and overall profitability is also hit when the collection efficiency and 
provisions are rising. But right now, there is some different situation. And even hearing you 
makes me think that what's actually is going on in the industry. So your view in this. 
Alok Patel: 
Why should NIMs be affected due to credit cost? NIM is a function of interest expense interest 
income, right? 
Sanidhya: 
Yes. No, on an overall basis, I was just saying that on a like compared to the -- on an ROA basis, 
you can say that ROA is also increasing... 
Alok Patel: 
Our ROAs are fantastic. Our ROEs are fantastic. I mean our NNPA is about 30 bps, which 
might as well be 0. Over and above that, we have a management overlay of what, Vivek, about 
INR20 crores, INR30 crores? 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Vivek Modi: 
So that's part of the INR90 crores. 
Alok Patel: 
That's part of the INR90 crores, okay. So, we are covered more and more so than anything else. 
See, you can run into a 20 bps issue here and there as far as repayment that is that is life. People 
love to have things smooth, especially the investor community love to see smoothness. But life 
is not smooth. You are going to run into to peaks and valleys all the time. 
 
And it is what it is, but everything else is going in our favour. The regulation is in our favour. If 
credit costs rise even further, we are at liberty to increase our rate to offset that. We are expecting 
our lending cost to -- our borrowing costs to decline. Operating cost is under control, largely 
speaking. 
 
So NIMs are great, 15% NIMs. So we have very little to complain about, besides the fact that 
repayment rates have been going down for the last few months. It is what it is. You cannot have 
every variable in your favour. There is -- it's a business after all. Things are not always absolutely 
in your control. 
Sanidhya: 
So I was just thinking that why don't we take extra provisions precautionary provisions in the 
efficiency is going down like it doesn't happen that we have to suddenly provision for a large 
chunk? 
Alok Patel: 
So as a person who's gone through three different types of crisis and in my previous career one 
more, let me tell you that when the crisis does come, no accrual magic, accrual number in your 
balance sheet is really going to help you. What's going to help you is stuff like uh how much 
cash you have in your bank account. 
 
What is the quality of your team that you have? What was the underwriting standards that you 
use to disperse the money and many, other factors. All that an accrual account does is smoothen 
the income. Otherwise, reserve and surplus, is that only, it's just that. It's a different reserve. So 
we do have a management overlay by the way. 
 
So that is already there. I don't want you to get too caught up on this, putting aside a slush fund. 
These are just accounting entries. There is no real money lying in the bank accounting except 
the cash in your bank. And these things are not going to help you in a crisis as far as operations 
are concerned, is just going to smoothen the income, which is going to, as I said in my previous 
answer, that everybody loves this smooth everything. And -- but anyway, I'm not opposed to it. 
I could do it. I just don't see the -- Vivek, I don't know. 
Vivek Modi: 
Again, if you look at the overall provisions, there are two factors that I would like to numerically 
look at. One is the GNPA and the net NPA. Net NPA at a group level is sub-0.5% or 0.3%. So 
largely, you kind of  covered up your non-performing assets completely. And overall, the 
provisions at the AUM level is about 4%, which is, generally speaking, a fairly good provision 
as we look at the overall asset quality of the company. 
 
And we normally over the last -- it's not that we have had aggressive write-offs or early write-
offs when we hit challenges. That's been a consistent way that we've dealt with the portfolio 
through various challenges, be it demonetization, and be it COVID, first wave, second wave. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Alok Patel: 
My strategy has always been that never get yourself into anything that you cannot exit from. 
And so all of these policies about provisioning and ECL and everything, are like Board approved 
and gone through 3 different auditors and concurrent auditors and bankers and so on and so 
forth. Everybody has accepted it. 
Now for me to change that policy and put in some slush fund in there, if I ever need to reverse 
it, I'm not going to manage doing it. So I never really do anything that you don't can't get yourself 
out of. That has always been my strategy. Again, I'm not opposed to it. What I can do is be 
extremely aggressive with provisioning write-off, which is what I'm doing right now. 
 
So there is -- just because I write off something in the accounts that does not mean gets an 
operational write-off. My people continue to follow up on it for a year or 2 years or as long as 
there is an expectation of getting some money out of it, whether it's legally or through collection 
or through follow up or agencies or whatever it has to be but I have never been in favour of this 
ad hoc. 
 
And I don't even think it's possible just for me to wake up and ask Vivek, what is the profit? It's 
175. Can you put aside INR30 crores as an overlay over and above whatever is the ECL? That's 
not even possible to do. We are a listed company. We have policies, we have Board approved 
policies that we need to follow. 
Sanidhya: 
Secondly, I wanted to ask you that like on an aggregate level, the customers to whom we are 
offering a credit, like what do you think how many other players in the market are also offering 
the credit to the same customer? Because this came because you're saying that it looks like the 
customers are over leveraged. And secondly, just on the add-on that we are now expanding in 
different states. So should we expect the operational expenses to be a little higher going forward? 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. So to answer your second question first, yes, marginally operational expense, especially 
salaries initially might be higher. But by the end of the year, that catches up. So this is what 
typically happens during Q1, it's slightly higher. And by Q4, it settled down. So that's as far as 
operational costs. We don't expect that to be very, different in the coming year as well. Your 
first question was about borrowing from other MFIs, or other lending institutions. 
Sanidhya: 
Yes, same customer from the... 
Alok Patel: 
So that is very, common. I think only about 20% to 25% of the customers are new to credit or... 
Vivek Modi: 
Unique to us. 
Alok Patel: 
Or unique to us overall. 75% of our customers would have another loan from some other 
institutions, whether it is a Kisan credit loan or a tractor loan or an MFI loan or gold loan or 
what have you, right? It will obviously be there. Overall, what we try to do is assess their income, 
figure out what their EMI burden is for all the other loans and figure out whether they manage 
affording our loan. 
 
So that is a goal here. Where the overleveraging part comes up is that the last thing which I said 
about figuring out the FOIR that is easier said than done because our customers don't come with 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
paperwork. It has to be a judgment call. So if my judgment says that this guy is good for -- this 
guy's income might be INR2 lakh a year and he's good for total EMI burden of, let's say, 
INR8,500. 
 
Some other MFI might say that he has an income of INR3 lakhs, and he is good for a, EMI of 
INR12,500. So it just depends. Now all of these incomes are being reported to the credit bureaus. 
So I cannot right now, but hopefully, in a couple of months, start seeing what the other people 
have been reporting this person income to be but it's very complicated. 
 
Because maybe through the SRO, the MFIs can bundle together and figure everything out. But 
with the PSU banks and private banks and SFBs, and there are so many flavours of lenders 
nowadays. It would be extremely difficult to get everybody on the same page and going together. 
 
So that's basically the reality on the overleveraging. But the good part is, and not to, is that there 
is no CEO or Managing Director or founder or anybody that I have ever met says, close your 
eyes or pay the money. I've never met anybody like that. Everybody has an interest in self, 
preservation. 
 
And so as a result of that, the hope is that you might be slightly more conservative. Others might 
be more aggressive. But on average, everybody will think with a good head on their shoulder 
and good judgment will prevail in the long run, right? And that is true in the lending business, 
in the stock market business or whatever you call it. That is true all around. 
Sanidhya: 
I was just going through some other competitors. So they are -- many are shifting to now to 
weekly recollection model due to the same problem of collection efficiency. But do you think it 
would help us -- like we are thinking somewhere down the line toShift to weekly for some 
customers? 
Alok Patel: 
No, not as of now. Kudos to them that they are making an effort. But largely speaking, I am a 
bit skeptical. Not because I think weekly is a bad model, I don't think that at all. If you are able 
to have larger center sizes, it's possible to do it. Now to do larger center sizes, what you have to 
do is to create a variable center model. 
 
That means that you create a smaller center add more and more members into that center as time 
goes on. So in my case, with the static center model, the center sizes are too small for it to be 
operationally feasible from a purely an operating cost perspective. So for me, I would have to 
change my model in both ways. 
 
I would have to basically start this perpetual model, number one. Number two, I would have to 
be okay with doing a lot of secondary or top up kind of loans where you keep giving some newer 
loan to the customer to keep them interested. But I think in the long run, if you look at my typical 
rural customer, they are going to get sick and tired of coming weekly. 
 
This is 2024. Customers have plenty of choices to borrow money. If you're going to ask them 
that, every Monday, you have to come here for half an hour, step away from your business, step 
away from your other activities and come and sit in a center and repay the money. I think the 
attendance is in the long run going to be abysmal. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
What we should be thinking about is how we can convert these customers into cashless. How 
we can avoid the centers in the first place. These are actually quite interesting debates that we 
ourselves get into amongst peers, where somebody wants to remain traditional and say that we 
need to go back to basics and others are talking about saying that, well, there is no basic anymore. 
It's 2024. 
 
You have to think forward and nobody is really right or wrong in these situations. So for me, if 
I could do it, I would be happy to do a weekly model. I just don't think it will be feasible in the 
long run and maybe I am wrong about that. 
Sanidhya: 
And lastly, if you can just tell me that you were saying the INR5,000 crores AUM you are 
aiming. So which FY you are thinking? FY'26? FY'27? 
Alok Patel: 
Largely, I think you shied away from giving those kind of specific guidelines. Give us a quarter 
or 2 to rework. Originally, it was somewhere around about '26, '27 or something is what the 
guidance we were giving. But let us see where things settle down as far as credit cost goes, and 
we'll get back to you on those. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Mayank Mistry from JM Financial for closing comments. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thank you all for joining the call today. And thank you to the management team of Arman 
Financial Services for giving us this opportunity to host the call. Thank you. 
Alok Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
