 
Max Estates Limited 
Corporate Oﬃce: Max Towers, L-20, C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, | P: +91 120-4743222  
Regd Oﬃce: 419, Bhai Mohan Singh Nagar, Village Railmajra, 
Tehsil Balachaur, Dist. S.B.S. Nagar (Nawanshahr), Punjab 144 533, India 
Email : secretarial@maxestates.in | Website : www.maxestates.in | CIN: L70200PB2016PLC040200 
 
May 29, 2024  
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544008 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
  
SYMBOL: MAXESTATES 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call  
  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted 
on May 23, 2024 at 12:00 noon (IST) to discuss Q4 & FY’24 financial results performance of the 
Company.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,   
  
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Max Estates Limited  
  
  
  
Abhishek Mishra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
 
Abhishek 
Mishra
Digitally signed by 
Abhishek Mishra 
Date: 2024.05.29 
13:58:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
  
 
“Max Estates Limited 
Q4 & FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 23rd May, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAHIL VACHANI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. RISHI RAJ – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – MAX 
ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN KANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARCHIT GOYAL – GENERAL MANAGER, 
CORPORATE FINANCE – MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Max Estates Limited Q4 and FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the financial results and investor presentation which has been 
shared with you earlier and available on the stock exchange website. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Vachani, Vice Chairman and Managing Director. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on the Max Estates Q4 and FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. Along with me today, we have Mr. Rishi Raj, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. 
Nitin kansal, CFO and Mr. Archit Goyal, GM of Corporate Finance. We also have SGA our  
Investors Relation Advisors on the call. 
 
The presentation has been issued to the stock exchanges and uploaded on our company's website. 
I hope you've had the opportunity to go through it. As we conclude FY24, let me share an overall 
level of a few business highlights for the year before we deep dive into the business-related 
updates. 
 
50% growth in our real estate portfolio from 8 million to 12 million square feet. This has been 
achieved through a new joint development agreement over 18 acres of land in Sector 36A, 
Gurugram, with a development potential of 4 million square feet and potential GDV, Gross 
Development Value of over 9,000 crores. This land parcel is contiguous to our existing 11.8 
acres of land on Dwarka Expressway in Sector 36A, Gurgaon, on which Max Estates had done 
a JDA last year. 
Both opportunities imply a combined GDV potential of over INR13,000 crores plus in the 
Gurgaon market by developing and selling an area of approximately 6.5 million square feet. 
Strategic equity investment of INR 388 crores from New York Life, upon the closure of the 
transaction, New York Life will own 49% stake in both our SPVs of Max Estates that hold the 
Max Towers and Max House assets respectively. 
 
Both of the assets are rent-yielding operational commercial real estate projects located in Noida 
and Delhi respectively. Max Estates will hold 51% in both SPVs after the transaction is 
concluded. The transaction implies an enterprise value of approximately INR1,300 crores at 
7.5% cap rate. This will further strengthen and enable growth capital pool for Max Estates to 
enable us to deliver on the 3 million square feet growth opportunity every year, consisting of 2 
million square feet of residential and 1 million square feet of commercial. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
In addition, FY24 saw several other milestones, including the successful launch of Estate 128, 
our first residential community in Delhi NCR, which was 100% sold on launch at a price 
realisation of INR18,000 a square foot, unprecedented in the Noida micro market, translating 
into a booking value of approximately INR1,800 crores. We are also happy to share that 100% 
of the first tranche, that is approximately INR440 crores, is already collected and there are zero 
customer cancellations. 
 
Completion of Max Square and Max House Phase 2 on-time, despite COVID led disruptions 
over the last few years. We have also witnessed strong leasing traction across our portfolio while 
Max Towers and Max House both continue to be 100% leased. Max House Phase 2 is now 89% 
leased in 6 months of getting our occupancy certificate and Max Square is 55% leased with a 
strong pipeline. All our assets command about a 25%-30% rental premium to the micro market. 
Also closure of capital commitment and investment of approximately INR500 crores earlier this 
year by New York Life into two Greenfield office developments, namely Max Square 2 on Noida 
Expressway and Max 65 in Gurugram on the Golf Course Extension Road. This coupled with a 
fresh round of commitment by New York Life and our operating assets, we have New York Life 
as a strategic partner across all our commercial office portfolio. 
 
This truly reflects their commitment and trust in Max Estate's ability to execute at scale in our 
aspiration of bringing real well-being to the real estate space in India. We're also very delighted 
to share of the appointment of Mr. Anthony Malloy, who's the Executive Vice President and 
Chief Investment Officer of New York Life Insurance, and Mr. Atul Lall, who's the Managing 
Director and Vice Chairman of Dixon Technologies to our Board, as additional Directors. Their 
extensive experience, strategic insights, and leadership that both of these individuals bring to the 
table will be invaluable assets to Max Estates as it looks to scale. 
 
We at Max Estates are committed to efficient capital deployment across all our asset classes, 
maintaining a diversified portfolio within the Delhi NCR region. We will explore various 
business models, including outright purchase, joint development and strategic co-investments as 
we have demonstrated for the commercial office platform. Since the inception, Max Estates has 
raised over INR3,000 crores, combining both equity and debt. 
 
New York Life Insurance, our strategic partner, has made an investment commitment till date 
of approximately INR1,200 crores. With a very robust balance sheet, we aim to prudently seize 
growth opportunities at the right valuation. The company is open to strategic co-investments and 
joint development ventures for our residential projects to pursue growth in a relatively capital-
light format. 
 
Over the years, we at Max Estates have stayed true to our commitment of creating spaces that 
enable well-being with an unwavering focus; "On Live Well And Work Well", as our 
philosophy. Moreover, as we expand the customer experience and emphasis which are founded 
upon the, Work Well And Live Well philosophies remain central and in order to achieve this 
goal, it is critical to attract and develop high-caliber talent into operationalized systems and 
processes with the assistance of digital interventions. This is precisely what we as an 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
organization are concentrating on, as we further develop the capacity and capability to execute 
operations efficiently at a large scale. 
With this, I hand over the call to Rishi, our Chief Operating Officer, for a detailed business 
update. Over to you, Rishi. 
Rishi Raj: 
Thank you Sahil, for the strategic overview. Let me start with a few remarks on overall industry 
trends. First, on commercial office front, quarter four fiscal year '24 saw a net absorption across 
the top seven cities at 8.3 million square foot, which was up by 11% year-on-year, continuing 
the solid absorption achieved in 2023. 
Net absorption in Delhi NCR witnessed post-COVID high at 2.3 million square foot, up by 28% 
year-on-year. Delhi NCR took top spot with 27% share, followed by Bengaluru, Hyderabad and 
Mumbai. With significant traction for office demand led by domestic companies being now 
neck-to-neck with U.S. multinational, the rentals have firmed up, and Delhi NCR saw notable 
annual rental growth of 5% plus on average. 
On the residential market, after a stellar 2023, housing sales created a new peak in quarter one 
2024 at 1.3 lakhs unit, experiencing a remarkable 14% year-on-year growth. With new launches 
at 1.1 lakhs unit, the demand and supply situation continues to remain healthy, with inventory 
levels shrinking further and the market continues to navigate towards corporate and institutional 
developer, whose share now, Pan India, stands at 34%. 
 
Coming to our WorkWell experience, at Max Towers total leased area is 100% occupied and 
leased rental income from Max Towers stands at INR381 million in fiscal year 2024. Max House 
Phase 1 continues to be 100% occupied and the leased rental income from Max House Phase 1 
stands at INR141 million in fiscal year 2024. Max Square project is now 55% leased, at a 
premium of 25%-30% over the prevailing market rate in the micro market. 
 
The leased rental income in Max Square stood at INR106 million in fiscal year 2024, with strong 
traction for office leasing and several discussions at advanced stages, we are confident of 
achieving 100% leasing by end of this calendar year for Max Square as guided earlier as well. 
For Max Square Phase 2, which is an extension of Max House Phase 1, both combined as a 
boutique campus in South Delhi, has a larger leasable area of 1,50,000 square foot, which has 
been completed and we already have almost 90% of total leasable area committed at 30% plus 
premium to the micro market. We are again confident of achieving 100% leasing in next 1-2 
quarters. 
 
The leased rental income from Max House Phase 2 stands at INR28 million in quarter 4 fiscal 
year 2024, the leased rental income from Max House Phase 2 is expected to be INR250 - 300 
million once fully leased. 
Now coming to two of our under-development work well experiences, starting with Max Square 
Phase 2 in Noida, which has total development potential of 1.1 million square foot, which when 
combined with the completed Max Square project adjacent to each other will entail a mixed use 
office space development of 1.8 million square foot. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
For Max Square 2, with receipt of all approvals, we are ready to start the construction in quarter 
1 FY25 itself. The leased rental income from Max Square 2 is expected to be in the range of 
INR1,000- INR1,150 million at 100% occupancy. 
Coming to Max 65, Golf Course Extension in Gurugram, which is 7.15 acres of land parcel with 
development potential of 1.6 million square foot located right on Golf Course Extension Road 
and is at 10 minutes driving distance from Sector 56 Metro Station on Golf Course Road. Once 
again, with the receipt of all approvals, we are ready to start the construction in quarter 1, Fiscal 
Year '25 itself. The leased rental income from this project is expected to be in the range of 
INR1,600-2,000 million at 100% occupancy. 
Now, let me move to our LiveWell experiences. Our first luxury residential estate 128 in Noida, 
as you are aware, has been fully sold and had garnered a pre-formal launch sale of INR1,800 
plus crores. Over the last 9 months, the company has collected INR441 crores for the project. 
The payment schedule for this project is construction link translating into 25% collection every 
year. 
The construction has begun and is on track to deliver the occupancy well within RERA promise 
timelines. We are also proud to say that there is zero customer cancellation since booking, which 
is yet another industry benchmark. 
Coming to Gurgaon, the company signed a joint development agreement for Sector 36A, 
Gurugram, with a development potential of 2.4 million square foot and our revised estimate for 
gross development value stands at INR4,000 crores. The land parcel measures 11.8 acres with 
direct access from Dwarka Expressway. We are working with Gensler to design region's first 
intergenerational community at scale. The approvals are well on track to enable us to launch this 
to the market in July of 2024. 
We have now expanded our residential portfolio in Gurugram through yet another strategic joint 
development agreement with gross development value of over INR9,000 crores. This new 
acquisition is contiguous to our existing 11.8 acres of land on Dwarka Expressway in Sector 
36A. Both opportunities combined imply a combined GDV potential of over INR13,000 crores 
in Gurugram by developing and selling over 6.5 million square foot. With this development, we 
have secured a launch pipeline for FY26 and FY27 as well. 
In terms of our growth aspiration, we are confident and committed to adding 3 million square 
foot every year in our portfolio with 2 million in residential and 1 million in commercial every 
year in Delhi NCR. And if you look at our track record over the last three years, we have been 
able to deliver more than that. 
Finally, coming to mixed use development enabling both Work Well and Live Well experiences, 
which is Delhi 1, the Honorable NCLT, New Delhi approved a resolution plan. It is a commercial 
plot at measuring 35,000 square meter with the development potential of 2.5 to 3 million square 
foot, which will be added to our development footprint moving forward. The implementation of 
the resolution plan is subject to receipt of certain requisite approval from regulatory and statutory 
authorities, which is in progress. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Now, let me move and provide an update on MAX Asset Services. MAX Asset Services provides 
end-to-end managed office service, including but not limited to fit out leases, fit out design and 
build an office -- fit out design and build an office operations of housekeeping, IT services, etc. 
 
Our managed flexible office offering work well suites center at Max House Okla continues to 
be 100% leased, commanding significant premium to micro market in this space. As a part of 
our work well philosophy, we continue to differentiate our client experience by adding 
ecosystem of amenities like; fitness center, salon, early learning center, shuttle services, sports 
facilities and many more. We continue to curate various S&B options to create an unique 
ecosystem for our clients to truly, WorkWell And LiveWell. 
 
With an aim to uplift our assets with the best-in-class facilities and becoming more operationally 
efficient, we are deploying various digital tools across all our vertical, including parking 
management, lift management, amenities booking, visitor management, as well as, very 
importantly, air quality monitoring inside our building. 
On the financial side, our revenue from Max Asset Services for fiscal year 2024 stands at 
INR310 million. We expect the facility service business of Max Asset Services to witness strong 
growth in fiscal year 2025 and 2026 as a high percentage of office in our new developments are 
and will be open and they will be availing all our services. 
 
With this, I hand over the call to our CFO, Nitin, for financial updates. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me give you the financial highlights for the 
financial year 2024. As Rishi and Sahil mentioned, our first luxury residential project in NCR 
has been fully sold and has garnered a pre-formal launch sales of INR1800 plus crores. Since 
launch, we have been able to collect an amount of INR441 crores in the last nine months on the 
account of this project. 
On the revenue front, the consolidated revenue of the company stood at INR93 crores. On the 
profitability side, we had a loss of INR68 crores as a profit before tax loss of INR68 crores. I 
would like to highlight here a few things. We have incurred advertising and marketing expenses 
of rupees INR23 crores in FY24 for Estate 128 project, which has been accounted for as an 
expense in the current period, while the revenue will be recognized subsequently at the time of 
position in line with the accounting principles. 
 
Furthermore, on a conservative basis, we have also taken a 100% provision on the investment 
made in Azure Hospitality, amounting to INR45 crores. Normalized EBITDA and profit before 
tax in FY24, excluding the aforesaid two transactions, would have been INR40 crores and we 
would have been broken even on a pre-tax basis. 
The lease rental income for the assets which are put under use has shown a growth of 37% year-
on-year to INR66 crores in FY24. Speaking about our liquidity position, our external debt from 
the banks stood at INR735 crores as of 31st March 2024, against which we had a cash and cash 
equivalents of INR374 crores. Hence, the net external debt stood at INR361 crores. With a 
reported net worth of INR1,431 crores, our debt equities stood at 0.38x. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
I would now like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Khanna: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats team on great project additions during the quarter. 
My first question is regarding the new project that you are adding in Sector 36A. If you can talk 
about the terms of agreement with the joint development partner or the landowner? 
 
Also, if I look at the gross development value potential of Estate-360, that stands at INR4,000 
crores, implying a per square feet rate of INR16,700. But if I look at the 4 million square feet 
that you have added now, the implied rate is around INR22,500 per square feet. The difference, 
if you could explain, if the project will be slightly different from what you are going to launch 
at Estate-360? 
Rishi Raj: 
Thank you, Karan. This is Rishi. I will take both of your questions. First, on the new additions 
in Gurgaon of 18.23 acres, we are delighted to share this is yet another joint development 
agreement model, keeping to our promise of relatively capital-lite acquisition of land. In terms 
of the terms and conditions, this is a combination of deposits and revenue share. In terms of 
deposits for the entire development potential, deposits stand at INR275 crores and the revenue 
share is in the range of 35% to 40%, including the step-ups linked to the price realization. So 
that's the new land acquisition. 
As far as your question related to implied price realization on two projects is concerned, if you 
recall, when we had underwritten the first joint development agreement, we had given the 
guidance of INR3,200crores, which we have subsequently revised to INR4,000crores, implying 
the price that you are talking about. We are very confident as we go nearer to the launch, keeping 
in mind where the market is, which is yet at a higher price realization than what you see in this 
revised estimate, we will be taking a call on where we will finally be launching this project. So 
that's on the current project that we are going to launch. 
 
As far as the new is concerned, you have to keep in mind that this will be launched subsequently 
in FY26 and FY27 and we have conservatively underwritten it to be sold over a construction 
lifecycle at this point in time and factoring in the inflation, it translates into the number that you 
mentioned. So that's how you can reconcile the two. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. This is helpful, Rishi. Second question, if I'm looking at slide number 18 of your 
presentation on the Indicator Growth Pipeline, historically your guidance has been 2 million 
square feet of project additions each year, of which 1 million square feet in commercial and 1 
million square feet in residential. 
 
But I think if I look at the pipeline that you have highlighted here, it's largely residential. And as 
you've also highlighted, 2 million square feet aspiration to add 2 million square feet in residential 
and 1 million square feet in commercial every year. So how should we think about business mix 
going forward? 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
Are you seeing that the tailwinds are such that potentially next three to five years will be largely 
more focused on residential launches or should we think of a medium-term strategy of 50-50% 
across commercial and residential growth? 
Rishi Raj: 
Great question, Karan. I'll answer that in three parts. A, as far as our guidance of 3 million is 
concerned, or at least 2 million on the residential side, with the new acquisition that we have 
already announced gives us 4 million square feet. And as you would look at our pipeline, it 
would be premature for me to share more details, but given the stages of discussions we are in, 
we are very confident of adding another residential opportunity in this fiscal year. 
You are right. You don't yet see a commercial opportunity in the pipeline that we have shared, 
and that's because what we share here are the ones which have progressed the discussion.  But 
let me assure you, given the strong traction that we are seeing for office demand, given that 
return to office has come back with full steam, and given what we are seeing in our leasing 
pipeline, we are very, very positive and bullish on adding commercial to our portfolio, and some 
of the discussions are already on. 
As far as mix is concerned, this to an extent will also depend on the opportunity, but I can only 
say at this stage that the mix between residential and commercial will be a healthy mix. Exact 
percentages will evolve, and that way, having a strong annuity income portfolio in our overall 
portfolio also gives, as you know, much resilience to our portfolio from an overall valuation 
perspective. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And my last question, Rishi, if there is any update on Delhi 1, how much time should it 
take to receive the approval from the regulatory authorities? And just a clarification, I think in 
the presentation it says 2.4 million square feet, but the BSE press release says 3 million square 
feet. So just the exact potential of this. 
Rishi Raj: 
The potential, as I also said, is in the range of 2.5 to 3 million square foot. That's the range. As 
far as status is concerned, post the approval by NCLT, we are in advance discussions both with 
the Noida Authority for the business prerequisites and the approvals that we need. From our 
perspective, we are pursuing to get this in this fiscal year, but as you know, with all of these 
regulatory approvals, it's very difficult to point a particular time and deadline, but our endeavour 
is to do it as soon as possible. 
Karan Khanna: 
Great. Thank you, Rishi, and all the best. Thank you. 
Rishi Raj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch AIF. Please 
go ahead. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Hi, team. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
May I interrupt, sir? Sir, may I request that you use your handset, please? 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Hi, team. Thank you for the opportunity and many congratulations for the great set of 
developments in the last couple of weeks. Sir, first question. In the last con-call, we had talked 
about the construction cost of the Estate 120 project will be INR300 crores to INR350 crores. Is 
that correct? Is that understanding correct? 
Nitin Kansal: 
I think we haven't mentioned about the construction cost. The number of INR300 crores to 
INR350 crores is the cost of acquisition of the land, which we had taken for Estate 128. The 
current estimate of the construction cost of Estate 128 is in the range of INR600 crores to INR650 
crores. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Yes. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Okay. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Thanks for the clarification. And, sir, second, coming to the gross debt point, last quarter also 
we had INR770 crores gross debt. This quarter also INR735 crores. And the cash equivalent has 
not increased. So the amount that we are supposed to receive from the deal that the two 
commercial sets that we are going to sell has not been recognized in this quarter at the end of 
31st March? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Sir, the deals which we had announced on 30th of April, they require a shareholder's approval 
also, and for which we have already issued, given a postal ballot approval, we sought a postal 
ballot approval from the shareholders. So what we are expecting is post the shareholder's 
approval and the conditions preceding the transaction, we will be able to consummate the 
transaction and the flow of money will happen by the end of June. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. Thank you very much for this clarification. And, sir, one more question. Regarding the 
core NCR market, you can give a qualitative as well as quantitative point. We have seen 
tremendous growth in the NCR market across like full India. NCR market is fastest growing 
market with respect to the number of units sold, as well as the price hike that has happened. 
Just wanted to understand what is happening in this market, because one of the factors that you 
mentioned, there are lesser number of organized players in this market or the institutionalized 
players. That is one reason that the players like you are getting the market growth, higher growth. 
Can you highlight what is happening? Because the ticker says that we are present like INR5 
crores units and above. The demand is very strong in that market? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, I will take that. This is Rishi. I think there are a few ways to look at what’s happening in 
NCR market. I think number one, as you said, if you look at the population of 25 to 30 million 
and if you look at number of corporate credible developer in Delhi NCR have been far and few. 
There was a big issue with respect to quality and credible supply. That’s something which is 
improving with many corporate developers coming into picture in Delhi NCR, number one. 
 
Number two, if you look at the inventory levels that existed in Delhi NCR because of several 
issues that Delhi NCR has gone through historically over last 10 years, pre-COVID peak in 
2014, the inventory measured in terms of number of months that it takes to sell was at 80 and 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
now that has dropped to 17. So the demand and supply situation has become much more 
healthier. 
Number three, to your point with respect to demand for premium and luxury, lot of this is also 
driven by and this is a PAN-India phenomena,of course the share in Delhi NCR is higher. If you 
look at PAN-India phenomena and if you look at the income segmentation data, the population 
falling in high and upper segment of income have actually moved from being 26% to 29% to 
now is expected to move to 45%. 
So lot of what you are seeing is an outcome of that. Having said all of that, we as an organization 
are very clear that residential particularly is a cyclical business. As a result, in all our new 
acquisition, we have been very, very mindful in doing reasonable underwriting. While we will 
underwrite at market prevailing prices, but from a velocity standpoint, we underwrite assuming 
the product will get sold over the life of the construction. 
And basis that we determine to decide on terms and conditions of the acquisition and this has 
been the reality for all our past acquisitions so that even in that scenario, we can earn a decent 
healthy IRRs of 25% plus. So that in nutshell would be my response. Happy to get more 
clarification on this. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Perfect. Okay. Sir, just one last clarification. In the previous participant call, you mentioned for 
the new project that we acquired that is Sector 36 new acquisition in Gurgaon, we have to pay, 
the deal is structured in such a way, INR250 crores to INR275 crores limited deposit and 35% 
to 40% the share of the landowner. Is that correct? 
Management: 
This is for the new acquisition that we have announced which is 18 acres that we have announced 
over the last few weeks. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. One more clarification on that. 
Nitin Kansal: 
That deposit is adjustable against the revenue share part. That's a very good point. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Best wishes. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from OneUp Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Hi. Good afternoon, sir. A few questions from my end. Firstly, what would be the operational 
OCF in FY24 from the residential segment? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Good afternoon. This is Nitin. In last year, the residential side, we had made a collection of close 
to INR441 crores on the residential side. And since the land acquired, land was already incurred 
as a cost in the previous years in FY23, this money, if you see from an operational cash flow 
perspective, we would have generated close to INR350 crores of operational cash flow from the 
residential business. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So you mentioned INR25 crores of ASV and balance would be the construction cost and 
the other over at INR75 odd crores. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Nitin Kansal: 
So OCF of INR350 crores for the residential segment. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. Okay. And what would be the timelines for the balance payment? Would it be staggered 
into for the next three years another INR450 crores, INR450 crores each? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So, on an average, as we indicated earlier, the payment plan is construction linked, 
averaging 25% per year of collection over the construction life cycle of four years. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. That is helpful, sir. Secondly, you have mentioned in the presentation that we have 
potential access to the sponsor's land bank of about INR100 crores in Delhi, which can have a 
development potential of 4-5 million square feet. can you throw some light on this when do we 
start, the conversations with the promoters? What kind, what can be the structure on that? And 
some timelines as well, please. 
Rishi Raj: 
Okay. This is Rishi again. See, I'll just step back for the entire audience to understand how we 
as an organization are thinking about growth journey moving forward. As we look at our growth 
journey, and if you look at near-term, mid-term, and long-term, near-term on per year basis, as 
we have already announced, we will go out in the market and acquire 2 million-3 million, two 
in residential, one in commercial, every year. 
Then you have Delhi, Delhi 1, which has got 2.5 million-3 million square foot of development 
potential. Which, as we said, is awaiting requisite regulatory approval, which will get further 
added to our pipeline. This particular opportunity that we have mentioned is in Delhi, in sector 
3 zone L in Najafgarh, very well connected to airport and metro stations, connecting it to across 
Delhi NCR. 
This is going through, if you are aware, an approval process on the land pooling policy. At this 
point in time, this is progressing well. And at the right point in time, we will come back and give 
you more details, both with respect to how we are going to structure this with the sponsors. Most 
likely, this will be in a joint development format at arm's length. And what would be the details 
of the development? 
 
We will be able to give you more details as and when we are ready and as and when the approval 
process on the land pooling policy matures. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, it's safe to assume this will be 2 years-3 years out. The approval would happen and then we 
can start the GDA, as you mentioned. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, as I said, keep this as a pipeline from a mid to long-term perspective for us to start the 
development. I think that's the right estimate from a timeline perspective. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. And one question is on the heavy reliance on Gurgaon. You know, 80% currently existing 
projects are in Gurgaon in terms of GDV. And even the indicative growth pipeline is skewed 
towards Gurgaon. So, I know right now the demand is higher than supply. But, what is our 
thought process in the medium term, say 3 years-5 years in the three distinct geographies that 
we are present, like Noida, Gurgaon and Delhi? Now what would be our preference in terms of 
GDV split, portfolio splitand NCR? If you can give us some colour on that. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, I think that's a great observation. If you look at what we have done so far, from 8 to 12 
million, we have been able to diversify both in terms of geographical footprint. Earlier, we were 
seen more as a player whose portfolio was weighted towards Noida. And now we have 
diversified out of Noida in Gurgaon. So that was a strategic move from our perspective to make 
MaxEstates a truly Delhi NCR player. So that's point number one. 
 
Point number two is a lot of this will also be a function of available supply in the respective 
micro market. As a strategy, we continue with our goal of one region, multiple assets -- NCR, 
residential and commercial. And our endeavor will be to continue to look for opportunity in 
Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon. 
 
In terms of the mix, that will slightly evolve and it is very difficult to pinpoint exact mix at this 
point in time. But from a direction and intent perspective, we would like to diversify across all 
the three regions of Delhi NCR subject to available supply and so on and so forth. And as we 
speak, we are evaluating opportunities in Noida and Delhi as well. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay, that's great. And on the indicative growth pipeline, would it be more of JDA currently 
looking at the land prices or we are open for acquisition of land as well? 
Rishi Raj: 
Our preferred approach would be joint development for exactly the same, for the reasons you 
mentioned, because that gives you an opportunity to have land owner participating in upside and 
downside. And also it makes it relatively capital light. Having said that, we also will be open for 
outright on a select basis given the opportunity that that particular land present in that micro 
market. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So and just one final question on the commercial front. Now, all the four operational assets, we 
have 51% stake and New York Life is at 49% stake. So after the recent capital infusion by New 
York Life, what is max capital employed in these four operational assets for our 51% share? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So on the on the commercial assets which we have deployed, we would have an amount of close 
to INR550 to INR600 crores in the asset deployed across these four operational assets on these 
assets which are not completely in which we have New York Life as a partner. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
That's right. So the four operational assets, we have INR600 crores of capital deployed. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Purswani from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Just Yes, just to get the understanding firstly, on the recent GDV of INR9000 odd crores. What 
could be the underlying IRR we are expecting? And there be any price hike which is considered 
in this deep -- in terms of the IRR and also in the GDV value? 
Rishi Raj: 
So, Deepak, as we have always indicated, when we underwrite any new residential project, our 
endeavor is to is to underwrite it at IRR of 25% plus. And, as I also indicated, whenever we 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
underwrite, keeping in mind that this is a cyclical business, we assume that the sales and the 
velocity will pan out over the construction life cycle of the project. 
 
Keeping both in mind, even in this, our expected IRR will be in that particular range of 25% to 
30%. As far as pricing is concerned, again, just to keep the principle of conservative 
underwriting, we have assumed, even though this will get launched in next two calendar years, 
given the size of the opportunity that we have, we have assumed the prevailing market price and 
inbuilt reasonable assumptions by the time we reach to launch. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Secondly sir, in terms of the growth pipeline, which we have indicated to the exchange of 19 
years specially. We did mention that our preferred mode would be the JDA. What would be the 
proportion of JDA in the pipeline? And – it is a JDA, like in this deal we would require the deal 
which we concluded recently we would required upfront deposit of INR225 odd crores. So what 
would be the total investment budget in terms of the land acquisition going ahead? And what 
would be our plan to fund this land acquisition pipeline? 
Rishi Raj: 
So the three parts to your question, one, when you look at this residential pipeline, let me also 
clarify this is a snapshot of long pipeline that we have. And even in this pipeline, there is a very 
healthy mix of opportunities coming through joint development route as well as outright 
purchase. As we said, on select basis, we will not be close to the outright purchase acquisition. 
 
So that's number one. Number two, as far as investment budget is concerned, for this, as I said, 
we will be keen to acquire another residential opportunity which will diversify our portfolio both 
in Gurgaon market or outside Gurgaon market and we have budgeted for INR300 to INR400 
crores for that particular acquisition in this particular fiscal year. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And this INR300 to INR400 crores, that is excluding 225 or including 225? 
Rishi Raj: 
So this number that I mentioned which was a refundable deposit for a new acquisition in 
Gurgaon, INR275 crores, this number that we are talking about which is additional investment 
budget is over and above that. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And sir, what would be our plans to fund this deposit amount going forward? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So, going forward, we have got few cash flows which will be coming our way. The notably one 
by the divestment in our SPVs of Max Towers and Max House, we are expecting a cash flow in 
the range of INR400 crores which will come to us. And, furthermore, the assets Max House 
Phase 2 and Max Square will get leased. The lease rental discounting of those assets will be 
further capital to us, giving us a healthy pool of close to INR500 crores which can be deployed 
across the assets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Saboo from Nippon AIF. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
So, thanks for giving me the opportunity and congratulations on  good set of numbers. Just 
wanted to clarify one thing. Can you confirm the understanding that, as I understand you have 
said that for the JDA in sector 36A project the revenue share is to the tune of 35% to 40% and 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
considering we are seeing the GDV  of INR9000 crores would that mean that the eventual 
payment would be somewhere close to INR3200 crores to INR3600 crores? Is that 
understanding correct? 
Rishi Raj: 
So just to recap, the revenue share, this is on the model of refundable deposit and revenue share. 
Revenue share in the range of 35 to 40 with a stepped up arrangement included. Yes, the GDV 
of INR9,000 crores plus is on 100% basis and a part of that basis, our revenue share arrangement, 
will go to landowner. This you can adjust it for the deposit that we have paid. 
So this revenue share will get adjusted for the deposit that we have paid. And this you can assume 
this you can link it back to land acquisition cost. This revenue share is akin to paying the cost 
for the land but the key here is you don't pay everything upfront you pay over the lifetime of the 
project and that's how you diversify your risk as well. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
No, so that is understood. But just in an absolute amount of perspective, I understand that this 
would be over the years as we sell out the project and the elections come in, but the total outflow 
would be, including the deposit, the total outflow will be around to the tune of INR3000 to 
INR3500 crores is that correct? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes, your understanding is correct that would be in the range of 3000 to 3500 depending upon 
the realization which we have from the project. As Rishi mentioned it is stepped up provided we 
get a higher realization from the project there is a revenue share from the landowner will move 
from 35% to 40% range -- on this amount of sales. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Understood. And we will be evaluated so the other project that we are evaluating will the revenue 
share be in a similar range? Or will it be in 25% to 40% or will it be lower? 
Sahil Vachani: 
It will be similar range. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H. G. Hawa and Company. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, can you highlight around three to four differentiating factors that we have for our project in 
Gurgaon and how we are implementing sustainability strategies as well as new construction 
strategies to complete our projects early? Can you give a brief outlook on 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you sir. We are unable to hear you so can you please use your handset. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So my question is that how are we using sustainability practices as well as new construction 
practices to differentiate our projects from other projects in Gurgaon and also what is the kind 
of income strata people that are booking our projects in Gurgaon? 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Sahil Vachani: 
So yes. I'll answer that. This is Sahil. The first part of your question was in terms of 
differentiation. First and foremost in Gurgaon we are going to create a first of its kind 
intergenerational community where there is going to be a mix of senior living component as well 
as non-seniors and therefore it's going to be the first time in India where such a platform or a 
community is going to be set up. So the first differentiation is in terms of the concept of 
intergenerational and different product categories.  
The second is of course in terms of amenities and design and the ecosystem that we are able to 
offer all our residents as part of the community. In terms of sustainability we are deeply focused 
and targeting platinum rating from a lead perspective for our developments and have also 
embraced the well being platform and the well platform for our developments as well moving 
forward. 
In terms of the categorization we are looking at different categories obviously for the senior 
living there will be seniors. For the residences that we have we will be having different categories 
of clients ranging from young millennials to also young families and also second home for 
people who would like a second home as their family grows. A host of categorization for the 
entire development that we have. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Are we looking at more projects to be acquired through NCLT also like we did previous time? 
Rishi Raj: 
It all depends on the question is, are we open to consider? Answer is yes. At this point in time 
in our pipeline there isn't any in the advanced stage of consideration that we would be able to 
share, but as a principle we keep on evaluating keeping in mind our underwriting principles for 
those opportunities. 
Faisal Hawa: 
I appreciate you are answering my questions so well. Thank you. 
Rishi Raj: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moon Short Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikas Mistry: 
I have a couple of questions. Our competition have large number of land banks and we don't 
have land banks and as you enumerated that in JDA your revenue share seems to be quite 
onerous, so how will this remain as a handicap for us to make good margins although the 
locations are coming up is extremely good, but these revenue share agreement with JDA seems 
to be quite on higher side. What is your opinion on this? 
Sahil Vachani: 
Actually you see from an IRR perspective we do believe this is hugely beneficial to our 
shareholders and very value creative as Nitin and Rishi both explained that the revenue share is 
depending on what the revenue is and also payable over a period of time and therefore we are 
able to scale with limited capital deployment and also being able to de-risk from a cyclicality 
perspective, a velocity perspective and a price perspective.  
So yes it does seem expensive in an upmarket, but over a period of time and from a longer cycle 
perspective we believe that this is efficient deployment of our capital and from an IRR 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
perspective this will be at industry best benchmarks if not better for our shareholders. So we are 
confident of that moving forward and also it enables us to scale as Rishi explained in our earlier 
comments. We have now been able to build scale across geographies, across asset classes and 
in spite of not having a land bank we today have a potential GDV of almost 15,000 crores in just 
the last year and a half of us being into the residential business.  
So I think for all of those reasons and what we do I think this is we believe a very efficient 
strategy. Yes you are right that in an up cycle of the market it does seem when you do the broad 
calculation very expensive, but over a longer term period we believe this will be very efficient 
to retain our balance sheet strength and also to preserve and grow IRRs for the company. 
Vikas Mistry: 
That's understandable from capital efficiency side it is a good strategy, but at the same time if 
you look… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir. May we request that you return to the question queue for follow up question 
please sir.  
Vikas Mistry: 
It is only the first question I am trying to ask? 
Management: 
Go ahead please. 
Vikas Mistry: 
That's very well understood that from capital efficiency stride, but from longer term we think 
GDV if you have slightly 35% family share with JDA partners that looks slightly inflated, so to 
put this question in a different way in estate 360 you said that our GDV was earlier 3200 crores 
now we are increasing it to 4,000. So earlier we were implying a margin of maybe 20%. Now 
with this increased GDV and the product remains same will margins go further up? 
Sahil Vachani: 
I think yes. For every increase in price if 35% goes to the landowner, 65% of that incremental 
price will come to the company. So yes I think with the interest are aligned and with increasing 
price the company will also benefit. Yes it may not benefit as much if 100% of the land was 
owned, but then again I think we have to look at both from a balance sheet perspective and the 
margin perspective and an IRR perspective.  
And I think that as we have clearly stated that our strategy is not just JDA, but is it both JDA 
and outright acquisition. So I think we are trying to balance, balance sheet strength of the 
company, the cash flow, the IRR scale and also gross margins and we believe that this is what 
we have been able to do is actually very optimal and efficient from a scale and for all of these 
sectors for the company. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Thanks Sahil we hope that you do all right, but it is also because it looks slightly on higher side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi, thank you. Just a few basic questions. We don't have any unsold properties or any pending 
receivables? 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Rishi Raj: 
If you're talking about estate 128. Yes all of our inventory is sold. Given that this is construction 
linked payment plan. We of course have receivables pending from consumers as per the payment 
plan. 
Aditya Sen: 
What's the amount of receivables? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Close to INR1,400 crores is supposed to come from the customers. 
Aditya Sen: 
And we don't have any launches scheduled in FY25 both the launches will come in FY26 and 
27? 
Rishi Raj: 
Let me clarify that. In Gurgaon, in sector 36A, we have done two sets of joint development 
agreements. The one we did last year and one that we recently announced. The one that we did 
last year on 11.8 acres right on Dwarka Expressway as I mentioned all approvals are on track 
for us to launch this in July of 2024. 
Aditya Sen: 
And the second one in next year? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So this is our strategy of in advance building the pipeline so that all our investors have clear 
line of sight on the underlying pipeline which will back our projection for booking values that 
we have shared with all of you. So the new ones will secure our launch pipeline for next couple 
of years and we will add to our portfolio as I described as a part of our growth pipeline update. 
Aditya Sen: 
And last one the margins on the same? 
Rishi Raj: 
So as I said as an underwriting principle when we underwrite and agree on terms and conditions 
we look at two metrics. Number one our IRRs which is 25% plus and we look at through overall 
project life cycle cash margin of 20% to 25%. This is for our when we underwrite on a 
conservative basis. 
Aditya Sen: 
All right, sir, got my answers. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Hi. Good afternoon. Congratulations Sahil and team on the new project on the board 
appointment and bringing in cash from New York Life. Just a couple of simple questions I mean 
for the Estate 360 and the new project which are adjacent to each other, what would be the 
timeline that you would look to complete these projects? I mean, it's a contiguous project in the 
sense and it would be very large. So would it be 5 year, 6 years or this would also follow a 4 
year year cycle after launch? 
Rishi Raj: 
So I'll explain that. So for our first project the Estate 360 as you said our timeline for launch is 
July. Our timeline to start construction is quarter 3 of fiscal year 2025. The estimated timeline 
for completion is in the range of 4 years to 5 years which is what will be also shared with RERA 
as we go through the RERA approvals.  

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Coming to the new acquisitions, as I said, we will be launching that in fiscal year 26 and 27 
which is let's say July to September of next year and then next round in the year 2026. Again, 
given the size of this project which is 4 million square foot we would be bringing it to this market 
at this point in time our estimate is to bring this to the market in two phases and each phase again 
will have similar timelines of 4 years to 5 years with the overlap of 2 years. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
The other question I had was relating to Max asset services. You will have a very good portfolio 
under service of about 5.5 million square feet when everything is up and running, including 
Delhi 1. What is the typical service revenue on a per month basis that you charge customers that 
occupy these premises? 
Rishi Raj: 
So that varies depending on which property we are talking about, but just to illustrate it with a 
couple of examples, if you look at pure common area maintenance charges in Max tower which 
is our first flagship commercial office asset there we charge around INR25 per square foot on a 
leasable area basis. When you look at Noida expressway Max Square there we are charging in 
the first year around INR20 per square foot. Okhla which is a smaller development this number 
is around INR30 per square foot so it varies depending on the region, the underlying cost, but it 
is a classic cost plus 20% model. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
The last question is relating to the net debt I mean on slide 15 there are a couple of numbers, but 
there is one line which says that Max Estates share of net external debt is INR235 crores? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Look that would be the net debt number I should think about and that includes the LDR debt. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, when we say Max Estate share because we also have New York Life as a 49% partner in 
our share, but from an accounting perspective the entire debt is reflected in the books of Max 
Estate. So on a gross basis the external debt comes to 361, but if we purely look what is our 
owners to service is close to INR235 crores. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Rishi Raj: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. As there are no further 
questions I would like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Management: 
Thank you for your time and participation and we look forward to speaking with you next 
quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Max Estates Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
