 
SBFC Finance Limited 
(Erstwhile SBFC Finance Private Limited) 
Registered Office: Unit No. 103, 1st Floor, C&B Square, Sangam Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Village Chakala, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400 059 
T. : +91-22-67875300 • F : +91-22-67875344 • www.SBFC.com • Email:  complianceofficer@sbfc.com 
CIN No : U67190MH2008PLC178270 
 
6th May, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,                        BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,                                    Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,                                                                21st Floor, Dalal Street,   
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051.                                           Mumbai – 400001. 
NSE Symbol: SBFC                                                                        BSE Scrip Code: 543959 
                                                                                                               
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call 
which was held on 29th April, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call shall be uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.sbfc.com/investors under the section 'Disclosures under Regulation 46 of the LODR' in 
due course. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBFC Finance Limited 
(Erstwhile SBFC Finance Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
 
Jay Mistry 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
ICSI membership no – A34264  
Encl : As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JAY 
PRABHURAM 
MISTRY
Digitally signed by JAY 
PRABHURAM MISTRY 
Date: 2024.05.06 
15:42:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“SBFC Finance Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASEEM DHRU – MD & CEO, SBFC FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. MAHESH DAYANI - CBO, SBFC FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. NARAYAN BARASIA - CFO, SBFC FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ PODDAR - CRO, SBFC FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. SANKET AGRAWAL – CSO & IR, SBFC FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of SBFC 
Finance Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to SBFC Finance Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Call. 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank SBFC management team for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Sanket Agrawal. Over to you, 
Sanket. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Thank you, Renish. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Q4 Earnings Call for 2024 for 
SBFC Finance. 
We have uploaded our Presentation on Saturday. I hope you have got some time to look at it. 
With me, I have Mr. Aseem Dhru - MD and CEO; Mahesh Dayani – CBO; Narayan Barasia - 
CFO and Pankaj Poddar – CRO. 
We will keep the format same as the last quarter. We will start with the opening remarks from 
Aseem followed up with Narayan’s details on finance and then we move on to the Q&A. 
Over to Aseem, thanks. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Thank you. Thank you, Sanket, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking your time 
out for this Call. 
FY24 was a coming-of-age year for SBFC. Exactly a year back, we were on our Roadshows 
meeting investors in the run up to the IPO. Investing is an act of faith, and we are really touched 
by the response we got. Strong mutual fund support, FII interest, family offices, portfolio 
managers and more than 2 million are the highest retail applications of any Indian IPO. We are 
now with our report card in hand a year later standing in front of those that put their faith in us 
presenting you with our fourth earning update. 
We had indicated four things in our meetings and some of you who we had the opportunity to 
meet could probably recollect this: 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
1. 
We had said that growth till FY26 would be at 5% to 7% quarter-on-quarter. Happy 
that we have exceeded this by a mile in all four quarters we have reported so far. 
2. 
Cost-to-AUM, we will see a 50-basis point reduction over the next two financial years. 
We decided to invest a little more in growth this year in terms of branch expansion 
and towards this we have delivered a 43-basis point reduction. 
3. 
Credit cost will move in the band of 80 to 100 basis points. For the year, it has been 
steady at 80 basis points.  
4. 
We will exit FY26 with a 15% ROE. We had gone into the IPO with an 11% ROE and 
have exited FY24 with an almost 12% ROE on a fully expanded capital base. 
We are happy now how far we have come but super excited about where we are headed. We are 
building for the decade, so it is useful to track progress and it is like a milestone every quarter. 
The lending business is an adventure sport, never a dull moment. Last year too did not disappoint 
in terms of the headwinds that came our way. 
So, if you see last year: 
1. 
Availability of funds for NBFC’s got crimped, thanks to the gravity defying CD ratio 
in the banking industry. 
2. 
The cost rose thanks to the earlier point plus an increase in regulatory risk rate by 25 
basis points. 
3. 
Regulatory tightening moving towards 0 tolerance of policy breach and lack of 
customer fairness. 
4. 
Post-COVID, Indian economy bounced back higher than any country which created a 
Goldilocks scenario in lending and robust demand with sustained credit standards. 
The flip side of this was demand for trained professionals and the industry faced the highest 
attrition it has seen. Now, a good sailor doesn’t expect calm weather. If you are running a lending 
business, storms are the norm, calm is the exception. We anticipated that the year’s biggest 
challenge was to ensure cost of funds is contained. We could see that the banking system is 
struggling to finance its own growth and the regulators were also asking NBFC’s to not be too 
dependent on banks. Towards this after our rating upgrade to AA-, we move towards NCD, to 
borrow from the market, and it is now 8% against 1% of our borrowings last year and increased 
the co-origination to 18.5% against 11.6% last year. 
We converted 17% of our borrowings into fully hedged FCNR loans bringing down the cost 
substantially. These are short tenure rollovers and subject to the bank agreeing to rollover every 
half year. We added foreign banks to our lender book and net of this is that we ensured we 
reduced our bank borrowings from 70% to 57%. 
Going forward, we will add some DIIs to the lending table, further diversifying our borrowing 
book. Resultant our Quarter 4 24 versus Quarter 4 23 borrowing costs have gone up by 37 basis 
points and quarter-on-quarter has been reduced by 8 basis points. On the asset side, we increased 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
our Quarter 4 to Quarter 4 yield by 112 basis points, ensuring our spread went up by 76 basis 
points during the year. 
I would like to explain a change in recognizing income that we have made in the current quarter. 
Co-origination is a recent phenomenon and towards this the right accounting treatment has been 
evolving. The transaction is akin to a DA in many ways and therefore, the excess interest sharing 
that we get from the bank, it has been now decided to group it under the interest income. This 
change has a positive impact of 45 basis point increase in yield and a corresponding reduction 
under the head of fee and other income. If this change was not done, the Quarter 4 versus Quarter 
4 yields would have still been up by 67 basis points and quarter-on-quarter it would have been 
stable at 17.18%. If you refer to Page #22 of the Investor Deck, it depicts this with reasonable 
visual clarity. 
We added 31 branches against 17 last year and our business grew by 38% year-on-year. Our 
asset quality was stable at 2.43% at the lower end of our guiding range. Our PCR has moved up 
from 39% to 45% Y-o-Y. Our profits grew 58% Y-o-Y to Rs. 237 crores ending with the ROA 
of 4.14% and ROE of 11.28% during the year. The exit ROA is 4.56% and ROE is 11. 9%. We 
reiterate our guidance for 5% to 7% quarter-on-quarter growth, reduction of cost by 50 bps and 
credit costs in the range of 80 to 100 bps. 
Highlights during the year: 
Our listing, rating upgrade, inclusion of the MSCI Global Small Cap Index.  
Post listing, we added two Independent Directors that bring in vast experience in the fields of 
finance and technology. The revised board, led by an independent chairman, has five 
independents, thus ensuring majority board is independent. Co-origination book crossing Rs. 
1,000 crores, ISO certification of our technology and other functions, upgrade to a new LOS and 
skill development and job creation of 400 fresh pass outs from the economically disadvantaged 
background. 
We adopted a school under CSR, and we have rebuilt, added classes up to 10th, next year we 
will take it to 12th, installing Google Classroom, computers, resulting in 101 students, including 
53 girls getting better education. The highest joy we get by serving customers that hitherto did 
not have access to formal finance. Being a platform of equal opportunity for all our talented 
staff, last year we paid almost Rs. 90 crores of income tax during the year and over and above 
this there would be GST, there would be local taxes, municipal taxes that we contributed. So, 
hopefully we are a good corporate citizen benefiting the society in which we live and in over 
250 towns that we reach out to, we spread this joy. 
I joined the 3,758 SBFCians in thanking you for your time and interest in listening to this call. I 
now hand it over to Narayan to take us from here. Thank you. 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Narayan Barasia: 
Thank you, Aseem. A warm welcome to you and a happy Monday morning. 
In terms of business: 
Our AUM grew by 38% of Y-o-Y basis and 9% on Q-o-Q basis. Our AUM stands at Rs. 6,822 
crores as of 31st March 24. Our MSME AUM grew 46% on a Y-o-Y basis and 9% on Q-o-Q 
basis to Rs. 5,704 crores as of 31st March 24. 
We added 31 branches during the year. Our average ticket size of MSME loans remains at Rs. 
9.6 lakhs per loan. 
In terms of borrowing, our borrowing cost has been reduced by 8 basis points Q-o-Q as Aseem 
has mentioned and is at 9.38% for the full year. Post our rating upgrade by India rating to AA-. 
We have diversified further and have raised money under NCDs from mutual funds and have 
added the couple of foreign banks as well. We are further looking to diversify borrowing as we 
go along in future. 
In terms of Asset Quality: 
Our GNPA is stable, and range bound. It is at 2.43% as of 31st March 24. Our credit cost is 
steady at 0.8% for the year. Our PCR is increased further to 44.74%. 
In terms of capital and return ratios, our yields on the loans are at 17.08% for the full year and 
17.62% for the Q4 FY24. The spread for the full year FY24 is 7.7% and for the quarter is 8.31%. 
Our OPEX is at 5.34% of AUM for the full year FY24 as against 5.77% for FY23. 
OPEX for Q4 is further lower at 5.01%. Our return on average AUM for the full year is 4.14% 
and for the quarter is 4.56%. Our return on average tangible equity for the full year is 11.28% 
and for the quarter is 11.9%. Our capital adequacy remains strong at 40.5%. 
Our tangible networth is at Rs. 2,518 crores as of 31st March 24 and our debt to tangible equity 
is at 1.6x as of 31st March. The PAT for Q4 is Rs. 73 crores, thereby recording a growth of 15% 
on a sequential basis. The PAT for the full year FY24 is Rs. 237 crores, thereby recording a 
growth of 58% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
With that, over to the questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Kunal Shah from City Group. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
First is with respect to the overall OPEX and the employees, so there have been almost like 220 
odd additions to the employee during the quarter, sir, if you can just highlight in terms of maybe 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
what verticals these are being added, there is almost like 6 odd branches additions and similarly 
maybe with respect to the overall cost, we had seen an improvement, but how do we expect the 
overall cost to assets to settle there? 
Narayan Barasia: 
We have continuously been investing in infrastructure, so what you are saying is right, the 
number of branch has been continuously going up at a slow and steady pace. So, we added about 
6 branches in this quarter. So, the investment in terms of people is happening throughout in terms 
of new branches, but as well as increasing more resources in the branches where we are able to 
do well, so it is all across. We are originating a long tenure loan and so by that meaning the 
operating leverages will keep on improving. We further expect that from here on the OPEX 
should further come down while the investment in the branches is continuing. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, in terms of the addition to employees, maybe the branch oriented would be a significant part 
of it or these are in other verticals as well? 
Narayan Barasia: 
No, significant will always be branch. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, Kunal, I think if you look at the total structure every quarter we have been adding close to 
around 6-7 odd branches, so if you probably cumulatively look at the number, you will have 
close to around 14-15 branches in the last 2 quarters and roughly we have 14-15 people in a 
particular branch including gold and ME so that largely sums up the overall headcount, which 
is there, but that is largely the customer facing roles that we actually invest in. In addition, we 
are also beefing up the collections infrastructure where the number of employees that have come 
through has come through in the last quarter. So, that largely sums up the 200 plus number that 
you see in the data come through in the last quarter. 
Kunal Shah: 
And secondly, any plans on housing now, are we re-evaluating the structure, how are we looking 
at it, maybe obviously from the regulatory side, it was quite clear, but any revaluation on that 
front? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So, housing is we are seeking the regulators nod to get the license. If that comes about, we do 
housing. Within the NBFC where it has been a little bit of a stretch to start housing loan because 
the unit economics have to add up, so we are waiting for a subsidiary nod to get into that 
business. As and when that happens it is fine. Until then, we stay focused on what we are doing 
right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubranshu Mishra from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubranshu Mishra: 
Two or three questions, the first one is on the co-origination, what is the unit economics here in 
terms of cost of funds sharing, OPEX sharing and credit cost sharing and where do we think we 
will end up in terms of percentage of AUM in the next 2-3 years? Second is on the ALM, given 
the fact that we lend long, would we want to match the ALM and borrow long, which will have 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
a detrimental impact on our spreads as and how we borrow long, so that is the second? Third is 
on the PCR at Stage-3, so in India the PCR or Stage-3 is closer to the LGD given the fact that 
we have largely secured assets, this seems a high LGD if my interpretation is correct? These are 
my three questions? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, let me take the broad construct on the co-origination piece. I think what we have been guiding 
also is that we are very comfortable for our co-origination to be at almost 18% to 20% odd and 
that is the range that we have been at. This is largely at a disbursal level, so, obviously at an 
AUM level comes with a lag. So, if you look at our current number, you would probably see our 
disbursals also in the range of 20% odd, a couple of percent here or there. Also, as Aseem in his 
opening remarks mentioned that now as a percentage of the overall AUM, the reliance on co-
origination is now almost close to 18%, which is up from 11% from last year. Moving forward, 
we expect the current trajectory and the momentum to continue, we feel with a higher base we 
will be able to continue to build at 18% to 20% of our disbursal and as a result, our AUMs will 
also move in that particular direction. I think co-origination is an excellent tool. It is a great ROE 
enhancer, extremely profitable and obviously from a liability construct perspective, it helps us 
on our overall AUM bit up as well. We don’t call out the exact unit economics on the co-
origination bit. That is something between us and the co-originating partner, but we will just like 
to leave you with saying that it is a great ROE enhancer for us and hence it is at 20% of our 
overall current AUM and disbursal as well. Narayan, you might want to pick it up on ALM. 
Narayan Barasia: 
In terms of ALM, on the asset side, first the secured MSME obviously is a long tenure asset, but 
at the same time gold which is a 15% of AUM is a short tenure asset. So, in a way the weighted 
average on the asset side comes to roughly about 4.5 years, but on the liability side, you are 
right, liability in the market is not available for so long. So, what we do is number one, we don’t 
borrow any short term, that is one what we do. We try and maximize the tenure on the liability. 
At the same time coupled with the liquidity we keep; I think we don’t have any ALM mismatch 
on any bucket from ALM point of view. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
On PCR, we have been constantly increasing the PCR. We were at 39% last year. We are at 45% 
now. You are right that the LGD on these assets would not be more than 20%-25% adjusting for 
time value, but we create war chest for our cycle to turn and credit cycles do turn, and therefore 
we create double of what regulatory requirement is and we continue to strengthen our provision 
coverage ratio. During the quarter as well, we have created additional provisions to the tune of 
1.5%, taking the overall PCR up to 45%. 
Shubranshu Mishra: 
Just to slip in one last question, this increased PCR, is it a posturing for the credit rating agencies 
for a better rating? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
On the PCR, basically as per our model, it starts at 35% and our endeavor or intent is that we 
keep it above 40%. So, from a model standpoint, we would like to keep our PCR in longer term 
above 40%.  

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Narayan Barasia:                  And just to clarify, it is nothing from a rating perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sir, just two questions from my side. One on the asset quality, so when we look at the gross NPA 
ratio, of course, it is range bound, but on sequential basis it went up by 4-5 basis point, despite 
the high denominator wherein we saw the AUM growth growing by 9%, so which essentially 
reflects that the forward flows are still high. So, could you please throw some light on what is 
happening at the underlying ground situation? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, as you rightly said, the GNPA numbers is range bound and that is based on our model where 
we expect that to be around 2.5%. The portfolio if you look at in last 3 years, we have seen a 
growth post COVID and there is a portfolio maturity curve also which is hitting. From a model 
standpoint, we expect the numbers to be stable and range bound, and we don’t expect any impact 
on the credit cost side. So, credit costs, we expect to be stable around 80 to 90 basis points. 
Renish Bhuva: 
And secondly, on the secured MSME disbursement side, so when we look at the ticket size, it 
went up pretty sharply on sequential basis and similarly the volume sort of has moderated plus 
when we look at, let us say the AUM vintage wise on the branch between 12 months to 36 
months, again, there is a sharp fall from 43 to 31, so I mean what is happening at those branches? 
I mean ideally the branches with more than 12 months of vintage, AUM should keep on 
increasing, why there is a sharp fall on sequential basis? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, I will take the first one. So, largely on the co-origination bit that probably explains why the 
ticket size went up. So, the ticket size went up to almost 9.67 lakhs and this was at almost 9.38 
lakhs, but it is still lower than probably what was recorded last year in the similar quarter of 
above 10 lakhs. Last quarter, it is consciously by design that we had moved our reliance on co-
origination slightly higher, which explains that on an average basis, what we maintained is our 
average is going to be between 9 and 11 odd lakhs, so by and large it should hold up. So, that 
explains the disbursal and why the average ticket size has marginally been higher. With respect 
to the average AUM per branch, if I were to give you some comparisons with related to the 
branches which are matured and which are more than 36 months - there were 11 branches which 
moved up, which were more than 3 years where the average is now hitting almost Rs. 50 odd 
crores. There were a significant number of branches for the full year, there were close to around 
31 branches which got added where the averages being between Rs. 8 and Rs. 9 odd crores; and 
the 12-to-36-month branches significant or high number of branches moved up into the more 
than 36 months bucket and that is where you see a significant bump up coming up there. So, if 
you look at the overall trend, even if you probably look towards the end of the year trend for the 
last year, you will see the 12-to-36-month bucket is moving towards or close to around Rs. 29 
to Rs. 30 odd crores and that is what we have been talking about. And as the branches are 
maturing more than 3 odd years, you are now beginning to see it now hitting out Rs. 50 odd 
crores. If you were to even do a peer group analysis and probably look at it, for more than 3 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
years, you would see similar ticket sizes in the range of close to around Rs. 30 to Rs. 40 odd 
crores, so at least that bucket is doing significantly better. Even if you were to look at 12 to 36 
odd months, you would see industry moving anything between 18 and 22. So, we would 
probably be there, but during the year as you start seeing these ages, you would probably see 
them gradually going up, but these are range bound and will continue to be range bound. As per 
our internal threshold that we maintain, we feel that in 3 years your branches on average should 
be Rs. 30 odd crores. That is the internal benchmark that we hit and as long as we are hitting 
that, we are largely comfortable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
This is actually on the math on co-originated income, and I think in one of your slides you have 
shown the bump up in the yield this quarter because of co-origination income being recognized 
out there. I think the number works out to around something like Rs. 6-Rs. 6.5 crores and that is 
approximately around 2.8% to 3% of loans outside balance sheet. So, is that a fair run rate to 
assume? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Yes, Nischint, you are right. The amount is closer to Rs. 6.3 crores that has been reclassified 
from fee income relating to co-origination to an interest income that is given a 0.45 basis uptick 
during the quarter and that is what you see in the bump up from 17.17% to. 17.62%. And the 
yields quarter-on-quarter across the quarters have been stable at 17.2%. There are two 
adjustments during the year that have happened, one in quarter two that we did not book interest 
on NPA that was one adjustment. The second adjustment is on this co-origination interest 
income. Net of both of these, we continue to have yields in the range of 17.2%, which is 
sustainable for the foreseeable future. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just very simply, if I look at loans outside balance sheet that you put, basically you have 
minus loan book on balance sheet and I try to kind of look at 80% of the co-originated AUMs, 
it doesn’t fully tie up, I mean there is a small difference? 
Narayan Barasia: 
No, it cannot be. We can take it offline and take you through the numbers. These will exactly 
tie-up. This is the EIS, the Rs. 6.3 crores which Sanket mentioned and you also mentioning is 
excess interest spread on the off book as what you mentioned is absolutely the same. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The other thing is on the asset quality, if you see gross stage two loans have increased in the last 
two quarters and the ratio has also gone up on a year-on-year basis. So, how should we think of 
it? We know that FY23 was obviously an exceptionally good year because we came out of 
COVID and is this going to be like a new norm or is it something which has kind of bumped up 
in last two quarters and we are trying to reduce it? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, overall, if you look at Stage-2 assets, Quarter 4 was 3.55%, which is 4.37%. Within this, if 
you look at MSME that is around 3% range earlier and this is around 3.2% range now. So, we 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
expect this number to be range bound. There was a slight increase we have seen in gold in terms 
of Stage-2, but that also is based on the asset from a positioning stand, but earlier the Stage-2 
and Stage-1 contribution used to be 90% plus current. The numbers remain the same. So, we 
expect the numbers to be stable from here on. So, on Stage-2, if you look at MSME remains 
stable. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And gold when was the last time you did auctions? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
We do quarterly as an exercise, so based on the aging, when customer hits 90 plus as the process, 
the auction process gets conducted. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, basically the bump up in GS2 is basically gold, that is what am I reading it? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Yes. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And anything on the outlook on the MSME business, given the fact that this year you have kind 
of exceeded your guidance, how do you see the economy going forward, we are sort of just 
getting into an election, so some of your peers have kind of given a little bit of a caution. So, just 
wanted to get your sense, how comfortable are we to kind of have the current run rate? 
Aseem Dhru: 
Nischint, we are just coming out of a Goldilocks scenario for lending that was there last year 
and this year the headwinds are clear. Now, how we navigate is a different story, but the 
headwinds are clear that here the regulator is basically guiding the industry for a lower growth. 
I mean it is all but telling the banks that it would want them to soften down and improve the CD 
ratios over time. So, one is that the regulator has been guiding a lower growth and eventually 
the industry always moves to what is regulatory guidance. So, we will see a slowdown of loan 
across the system next year in my opinion. The second is that NIMs would be consistently under 
pressure as the scramble for liabilities will continue. The stock market continues to be buoyant, 
then the banks will continue to struggle for deposits and then the price of the deposits will move 
up. The US Fed has crossed 5% and when US Fed crossed 5% and the dollar is also getting 
stronger, Yen has moved towards toward its historical weakness and we are seeing that the 
Indian rupee, I mean you saw Indonesia also trying to defend its currency. So, if the RBI will 
still have its act to ensure that the currency remains under control and with that there is no chance 
in my opinion of an interest rate decrease happening in the US as well, forget what would happen 
in India. So, the likely scenario is that the repo rate will continue where it is for the year. Bank 
MCLRs will continue to leak into our cost of funds and NIMs will be a challenge that all of us 
will have to address. And we are coming out of an extremely low credit cost as an industry and 
from this kind of low, chances of it going lower are ruled out. Chances of it inching up a little 
are more likely, so I would say 3 clear headwinds for the industry and for us as well protecting 
NIMs, ensuring growth and ensuring the credit cost is under control. 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just one last point here is one of the large private sector banks has significantly raised lending 
rates in business loans and does that mean that it gives you tremendous pricing power to kind of 
maintain your margins as well? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So, we are a very small company and generally the GDP, the economy doesn’t affect us. We are 
solving a very small problem for a specific set of customers which are the small customers, we 
are solving for excess. We are not solving for speed, etc., or competitive pressure because most 
of the customers we lend to are first-time commercial borrowers in a sense. They have a CIBIL 
score which has come out of small assets loan they have taken. So, these set of customers are 
not so price sensitive, and you are able to price what is reasonable and we also want to ensure 
that the IRR of the business should be sufficient to price it, because the minute you price it 
beyond what the IRR of the business is, you are inviting trouble eventually. So, we have to be 
cautious and it is not that we have unlimited pricing ability, but we have to be cautious, but 
wherever we see that there is an opportunity to price something which is within range we would 
go for it. If you see our results last year, we have increased our yields across the year and we 
have to see how the year pans out and how do we navigate the year, how do we ensure that the 
right jaw between the yields and cost of funds is maintained, and it doesn’t clench down. So, 
that is going to be the challenge which we think we will handle as the year goes by. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laxmi from Tunga Investment. Please go ahead. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
This is Laxmi Narayanan here. Couple of questions. First, I just want to understand what kind 
of loan rejection ratio you have. I just want to understand your funnel, how many people apply 
for and how many goes through the check and then finally, how many people end up getting the 
loans disbursed? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, on the approval rate, typically we look at the credit login, typically 50% is the approval ratio. 
What comes to the credit from a login standpoint, 50% goes through. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And second, in terms of the MSME, so can you just give us some little details on how the various 
sectors in MSME? What kind of break up you actually have, either in terms of the size of the 
business or in terms of the industry they operate in? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, these are largely consumption related businesses, these are the mom & pop stores and 
obviously when your ticket sizes are between Rs. 9 and Rs. 11 odd lakhs, so these are largely 
non-manufacturing. So, if you look at our target customers, these would largely be classified as 
Micro Enterprises, but most of them would be typically under the service enterprises. These 
would be your retailers across segments. These could be converters. These could be salons. Any 
establishment that you can probably find in your neighborhood would be a different customer. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And what kind of balance transfer out happens in your customer segment and you mentioned 
that most of them are maybe first time formal borrowers and who you actually lose your assets 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
to in general, if you look at in the last 3 years or 2 years, where actually it goes and what are 
your plans to arrest it? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, if you look at the entire secured segment, which is largely by property, almost 80%-85% of 
our customers are borrowers for the first time against their commercial or residential property. 
So, they would have a typical credit score, but they would be borrowing against their property 
for the first time, so almost 85% of our customers who we disburse are of that category. So, we 
don’t take over those set of customers. We would tend to take over some of the customers, which 
would be in the range of between 10% and 15% odd. That is on the incoming customers. In 
terms of outgoing what we typically say is that while our door-to-door tenure of loans would 
range from anything between 7, 12 and 15 years, but behaviorally, these customers are with us 
for largely 5 years and as these customers are credit tested their scores obviously move up with 
the right kind of repayments. Ultimately, they would migrate, and they would migrate into the 
private banks or some of the public sector banks who can offer them significantly lower rates. 
So, we have seen an entire spectrum, so not any particular bank per se, but you would have the 
different banks in the different geography who would probably want these customers over a 
period of time. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And you have a clear exit thing for your customers, right, so they have to pay their penalty on 
the total disbursement amount or something like that? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Not all. So, it is a part of the agreement that, wherever it is applicable, they would pay, but we 
have not put in a minimum clause that they have to be with us for 3 years. It is not a part of 
agreement. So, you can’t technically do that. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And then one last question, once you disburse the loan, how do you, is this a typical practice I 
see that till the loan is disbursed, most of the finance institutions due diligence and post that as 
long as the money comes, they leave the pedal, they just don’t do it. So, do you do something 
differently where you actually after the loan get disbursed, you keep corroborating the GST or 
you do subsequent analysis whether the particular borrower is doing better, the cash flow is 
improving or some process you have in place, so how do you do that? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, unlike banks, who operate overdraft account or cash credit account which are largely 
operative accounts where you probably can look at the end-use even post disbursals, 
unfortunately for NBFC, we don’t have operative accounts, but what we typically do is 
something which is called hindsighting where we look at all customers who have been disbursed 
as to how the pattern has been. Second is obviously we keep evaluating the valuation of the 
property and do some kind of checks, but on a transactional basis that obviously doesn’t happen. 
Most of our customers aren’t really the GST range customers, if you are considering the total 
borrowing that they do is Rs. 9 to Rs. 10 lakhs. So, they are largely out of that, and it is very 
unlikely that those kind of variables and the transaction monitorable are going to be there. 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Just to add, as part of portfolio management exercise we also do bureau scrub and trend analysis 
that also tells us how the portfolio is behaving and if there is any area where we have to look 
into that gets actioned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laxmi Narayanan from Tunga investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
So, there has been a sounding by is the regulator saying that the microfinance institutions have 
to bring their interest rates slightly down right, now, how does that impact a player like you, 
whether how positively it would impact or negatively it would impact? 
Aseem Dhru: 
Ultimately, what the regulator seeks is that there is a fair practice code that you put with 
customers in all its true spirit. So, it would want that you are lending at a rate which is not 
usurious, it would want that you are transparent to the customer and there are no hidden charges, 
or nothing not disclosed to the customer. It has to be fair to both parties. So, at the moment what 
we are doing is that we are pricing it for risk and if you look at our lending category and look at 
our peers we are not at the higher end of the lending. There are several peers of ours who are 
lending at a much higher rate to a similar set of customers. We are lending where we believe is 
a fair rate to both of us. And I don’t think that any move being planned there is going to have 
any impact for now as what we understand. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And if you look at risk going forward in the next 3 to 5 years, what are the key risks you actually 
foresee for you as well as the industry, I think for the industry you talked about NIM compression 
and also little lower asset growth, but for you per se, what do you look at as risk and what kind 
of efforts you are making to counter them? 
Aseem Dhru: 
If I tell you the risks, how much time do you have? I can go until afternoon. So, the reality is 
that in the lending business everything affects you because lending is a derived demand. It is not 
a principal demand. Nobody needs a loan for the sake of it. People need things and therefore 
they take a loan for it. So, eventually, it depends on which end of the spectrum you are. We are 
not on the consumer end of the spectrum. In the consumer end of the spectrum, the worry would 
be whether the money is going into creating assets or money going into consumption which 
could not be a good growth of loan to have. We are in the business loan segment where we are 
lending to small businesses who are not leveraged, it is the first time borrowing that they are 
doing against property. So, to that extent we are doing what is very traditional finance and 
ultimately the risks comes more from our own operating efficiencies. The risk comes more from 
our own credit judgment because ultimately the borrower is not somebody who has been 
wonderful tax audited statutory reports and none of our borrowers file GST, they are way below 
that threshold. So, the ability to really understand the customers and shift out data points which 
give you the confidence to lend is data-driven with a fair amount of judgment also in it and 
whenever you are doing even a little element of judgment, the risk of the lending goes up which 
is justified with the higher interest rate that we charge, then it makes RAROC efficiency.  So 
really the risks to us, one comes from the environment which is what I mentioned earlier, the 

 
SBFC Finance Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
second risk comes from our own foolishness and mistakes and the third in misreading the 
environment or taking steps like too faster growth, for example, now we have to take a growth 
rate that we are comfortable with in terms of managing the outcomes and we have to keep 
watching our portfolio for what signals it is giving us. So, still at the end of the day just a 6.5-
year-old company and we have to be careful. We have to watch many cycles to be able to be 
confident that yes, now we have we have got it well. So, we are still figuring ourselves out, we 
are learning, we are making mistakes, we are correcting and hopefully we are improving. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And in terms of the gold portfolio and the MSME portfolio, what is the yield you get on gold? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, in terms of the yields, we are now closer to 18% odd and in terms of the MSME, we are in 
the range of 16.75% to 17% odd. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And from a top up loan point of view, what kind of retention you have on the gold loan in terms 
of the repeat gold loan because as you said it is a short-term loan, so that is one in terms of 
retention? And second in terms of the top up loans, what percentage of your borrower’s did 
MSME avail top up loans and what is your criteria to do that? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, typically what we do is that we wait for at least a year before we consider him for a top up. 
And obviously the top up has a lot of considerations to be looked at, whether his income has 
moved in line with his requirement, because that is where your FOIR is linked with and whether 
there is sufficient margin available on this property side for us to give him that particular loan. 
So, as I mentioned earlier that our overall top up doesn’t exceed more than close to around 15% 
odd. So, that is largely range bound in that particular case. With respect to the gold, it is a short 
tenure product, it is between 3 and 6 odd months that we on board. We on-board close to around 
3000-3500 customs every month. A lot of these customers, typically even after they close the 
loan, end up coming back after a few months and typically we see some bit of repeat customers 
come in. They would be roughly close to around 30% to 35% would be repeat customers that 
would eventually come back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, on behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
