 
 
28th June, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalai Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 541967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra 
(East), 
Mumbai 400051 
 
Trading Symbol: SKYGOLD 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, copy of transcript of the earnings conference call held on Monday,  
24th June, 2024 on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024, is enclosed. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://skygold.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Transcript-Sky-Gold-Limited.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you 
 
For Sky Gold Limited, 
 
 
 
Mangesh Chauhan 
Managing Director & CFO 
DIN: 02138048 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
 
 
 
MANGESH RAMESH 
CHAUHAN
Digitally signed by MANGESH 
RAMESH CHAUHAN 
Date: 2024.06.28 12:38:59 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Sky Gold Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANGESH CHAUHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SKY GOLD LIMITED 
 
MR. DARSHAN CHAUHAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
SKY GOLD LIMITED 
 
MR. MAHENDRA CHAUHAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – SKY GOLD LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYESH SANGHAVI – FINANCE TEAM – SKY GOLD 
LIMITED 
 
MS. NIKITA JAIN – COMPANY SECRETARY – SKY 
GOLD LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH PATEL – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sky Gold Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Patel from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Parth Patel: 
Thank you, Dorwin. On behalf of Orient Capital, I welcome you all to Sky Gold Limited's Q4 
and FY24 Earnings Con Call. From management side, we have Mr. Mangesh Chauhan, 
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Darshan Chauhan, Whole-Time Director, 
Mr. Mahendra Chauhan, Whole-Time Director, Mr. Jayesh Sanghavi from the Finance team and 
Ms. Nikita Jain, Company Secretary. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that we 
have uploaded on Exchanges and the company's website. A short disclaimer I would like to 
mention before we begin the call. This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, 
which are completely based upon our belief, opinion and expectations as of today. 
 
These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. With this, now I hand over the call to Mr. Mangesh Chauhan. Over to you, sir. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Thank you, Parth. Good evening, everybody. It's great to have everyone here for our Q4 and 
FY24 Earnings Call. Let's dive into the details and provide you with a comprehensive update on 
our business developments during the quarter. As we approach Sky Gold's 20th anniversary, we 
would like to share our vision for the next 20 years and beyond. We plan on becoming India's 
leading jewellery manufacturer that serves customers in both India and the world. 
 
Let us spend a few minutes at the outset of our presentation to share with you some of the actions 
we have been taking to lay the foundation for our success. We understand that this journey will 
not be easy, but we are working hard to achieve this objective. This is a continuing process, and 
we will keep you updated as new developments occur. 
 
We believe there is an opportunity to create a globally leading India-based design-led jewellery 
manufacturer. We make lots of beautiful designs that delight the customer, and we manufacture 
this product efficiently, ensuring the best quality and cost. We plan to continue our partnership 
with leading Indian jewellery retailers that we have nurtured over the last two decades. 
 
India's large retail jewellery chains are expanding at a breakneck speed, with estimates 
suggesting 500 new stores coming up from just five top chains in the next three to five years, 
which augurs well with our ambition of becoming a top jewellery manufacturer. Understanding 
the current market dynamics of our newer generation and conceptualizing the same with 
appreciation into products that live up to the expectations of our customers remains our topmost 
priority. We have achieved very high growth rates in large part because we understand our 
jewellery retail customers and customers. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
A large number of designers can create designs that help our jewellery retailers quickly sell the 
products in their respective stores. Jewellery that sells in the stores in South India, say in 
Ernakulam in Kochi, will be very different than what sells in Karol Bagh in Delhi or Andheri 
West in Mumbai. Our jewellery chain retail customers value the speed at which our jewellery 
inventories turn over at their stores. 
 
We not only benefit from the traditional karigiri skills of our jewellery designers, many of whom 
are trained in Kolkata, but also use the latest computer-aided design technologies to ensure we 
make delightful jewellery that is lightweight. As corporate jewellers grow in India and the 
industry becomes more organised, there is a need for jewellery manufacturer suppliers to become 
equally efficient and organised. We believe Sky Gold has moved early to become organised, 
professionally managed, as well as process and quality focused, will be one of our winners. 
 
We plan to grow fast and become India's leading jewellery manufacturer. However, we are 
committed to growing in a profitable and capital efficient manner with high returns on capital. 
We have made and are continuing to make required investment in factory space, the latest 
manufacturing equipment, computer-aided design capability, regional and global salespeople, 
marketing as well as finance, corporate governance and process controls. 
 
We firmly believe that the hard work we have put into building a strong foundation will enable 
us to become one of the leading global jewellery manufacturers. Let us walk through each of 
these topics. Many of you have visited our new factory in Navi Mumbai. 
 
If you have not, I encourage you to either view our videos that showcase our facility to contact 
our investor relationship team to arrange a visit. Our existing factory alone with minimal 
investment in capital expenditure can let us grow more than INR5,000 crores in revenues. In our 
factory, you will see a combination of the use of the latest computer-aided designs and 
manufacturing combined with the traditional skill of our craftsmanship and karigars. 
 
We have hired manufacturing experts to help us to optimize the production of gold jewellery, 
minimizing gold loss in our manufacturing process. We are implementing the latest supply chain 
management software. Sales and marketing are a very important focus. 
 
Increasing scale gives us the advantage of further reducing costs as our overhead is spread over 
a large base. We have hired sales and marketing experts who can not only help us sell the leading 
jewellery in India but also reach out of the large jewellers globally. We are creating a B2B 
marketing campaign that targets the leading customer in the field. 
 
You will not see us advertising in the manner of retailers that target the end customers at 
locations such as airports or highway billboards. We focus on targeting large retailers as a 
jewellery event in India and globally. The jewellery business is built on trust. 
 
Corporate governance is very important to us. We would be strengthening our board and team 
as well as in the next few months my focus will be on strengthening our governance standard. 
Our long term aspiration can be achieved only if we have a strong foundation in governance. In 
line with our vision we have acquired two entities, Starmangalsutra Private Limited and 
Sparkling Chains Private Limited are promoter owned and private. Even though both these 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 4 of 17 
 
entities are into jewellery manufacturing, product portfolio is completely different from Sky 
Gold. 
These entities were kept separate since the design and manufacturing capabilities were different. 
However, considering our long term strategy, we have acquired the private entities. The 
promoter do not own any private entities. 
Cumulative, Sky Gold has issued 4,17,542 shares at an issue price of INR1,197 having a face 
value of INR10. The approximate value would be of INR49.98 crores. The average price per 
share was arrived through SEBI standards. Apart from the stock, there is a cash portion in the 
transaction as well. Darshan Chauhan and I have lent INR37.5 crores to both entities. These are 
interest-free loans. 
The money would be paid back as well. However, the repayment will happen only based on Sky 
Gold's liquidity scenario. The cash payout for a loan will not happen in a hurry. Only based on 
Sky Gold, gold prospect, cash payout will be made. To simplify the transaction further, the total 
acquisition cost is INR87.5 crores that is INR49.98 crores of shares and INR37.5 crores of 
repayable loans through cash and equity components. The acquired entities cumulatively 
generate INR370 crores turnover and a PAT of INR7.5 crores during '24. 
During 2025, we expect both entities to generate INR600 crores to INR650 crores of revenue 
and a PAT of INR15 crores to INR17 crores. This translates to an acquisition valuation of 7 PE 
on FY '25 and 12x PE on the trailing basis. To summarize the Sky Gold aspiration to make-in 
Bharat for the world, we are evaluating the strategic acquisition to become a global vendor. 
 
We would make announcements at the appropriate time. The reason for acquisition to have 
excess customer and global design quantitatively. We are looking to achieve INR6,000 crores 
revenue, 3% to 4% PAT margin and of 25% ROCE. 
Now, I would like to hand over to Darshan Chauhan, our Whole-Time Director for his remarks. 
Hand over to you Darshan. 
Darshan Chauhan: 
Good evening to all of you. Coming to the export vertical. India's exports in plain jewellery has 
witnessed a significant jump over the last one year of 62% to USD 6.7 billion in FY '24 as 
compared to USD4.2 billion in FY '23. These developments could be attributed to expertise in 
jewellery manufacturing, cheap labour costs and incentives provided by the government. 
Capitalizing on these benefits, we are looking to open sales office outside India and acquisitions 
we are targeting would be in this direction. 
Embracing our motto of make-in Bharat for the world, we expect revenues from export business 
to increase quite significantly as a percentage of total revenues over the years from the current 
contribution of low double-digits to 30% by FY '27. Furthermore, the company has strategically 
decided to enter a diamond-studded jewellery segment driven by the high demand for such 
products, particularly in the lightweight category where we are market leaders and possess 
significant expertise. This demand has observed from our current customers as well as across 
the market participants, encouraging us to venture in this margin accretive and growing segment. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Increasing our export revenue share is of strategic importance to us. Our gross margins and 
return on capital would improve with a higher share of exports. Now, I would like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Mahendra Chauhan, our Whole-Time Director. Over to you, Mahendra. 
Mahendra Chauhan: 
Hello everyone. Good evening to all. To seize the multiple opportunities as mentioned by Mr. 
Mangesh and Mr. Darshan across different business verticals, I would also like to mention about 
the key hiring’s done by the company in the recent quarter to help the company achieve its 
strategic goals and facilitate future growth. These key hiring’s include HR Head, Production 
Head, Product Development Manager, Sales General Manager. Along with the strengthening of 
senior management company is also actively evaluating candidates for Chief Financial Officer. 
We are also creating an Advisory Board that will advise us on globally leading techniques in 
manufacturing, supply chain management, sales, marketing and finance. We will update you on 
this addition as they occur. I head the manufacturing practice of our company. 
Looking ahead to financial year '25, our roadmap would be to increase capacity utilization at our 
new facility to 50% on an annualized basis. Increase our investment in IT and automation. Our 
ERP system will become operational in the next few months. Implementing an ERP system is a 
complex task in a jewellery manufacturing company since the supplier quality system 
requirements – automotive quality management standards SKUs are thousands. A strong ERP 
system will help us to keep a strong check on multiple operational parameters. Specifically, 
inventory and receivable management, gold loss and Karigar productivity will be closely 
monitored. We are also speaking to image processing companies to automate our quality check 
and security standards.  
We would be rolling out an app shortly to seamlessly interact with our customers. The thought 
process is to provide a B2C purchase experience to our B2B customers. This would be the first 
in the industry. My personal focus will be to digitize the entire manufacturing operation of Sky 
Gold. 
Now, I would like to call Mr. Mangesh Chauhan to take you through our Q4 and financial year 
'24 financial performance. Mangesh Chauhan? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Thank you, Mahendra Chauhan. Now, I will discuss the Q4 financial performance. The 
consolidated revenues for the quarter stood up to INR513.4 crores versus INR269 crores in Q4 
'23. Thus, we are registering growth of 90.2% on a year-on-year basis. The gross margin was at 
7.2%. The quarterly volatility in gross margins is due to product mix change. Structurally, we 
would like to reach 7% to 8% gross margins through product mix and exports. EBITDA margin 
would be maintained at 5-5.5 over the long term. Reduction in net interest costs would be a big 
driver for our PAT margin expansion. Currently, the inventory is funded through a working 
capital loan at 9% to 10% rate. Over the next couple of quarters, we would be moving to 80-
90% gold metal loan at 3%. With a gold metal loan, there would be no hedging costs as well. 
On the interest income side, we have collateral of INR70 crores in the form of HDFC Bank's 
shares, etcetera. We would be liquidating the shares and converting the same to the fixed deposit. 
As a result, we would be receiving interest income. As a result of conversation from working 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 6 of 17 
 
capital loan to GML and liquidation of shares, our interest costs would more than drop by half 
to  less than  0.5% of the sales. The above measures would help us to cross 3% PAT margins.  
On the balance sheet side, our inventory days increased due to the corporate orders which were 
received close to the end of the quarter. On a normalized basis, our inventory days would remain 
lower than 35 days. Implementing ERP system would be a great help. Over the next two years, 
we would like to lower the capital cycle to 45 days. Even the receivable days would reduce with 
more cash and carry business.  
With this, I would request to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Palash Kawale: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of results and very 
good acquisition. Sir, my first question is related to acquisition. I would request you to spend 
some more time on product portfolio. How is it different from our own product portfolio? And 
how are the margins there? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Sure. Skygold we are making casting jewellery products, which is the 40% consumption of a 
store. So, in Starmangalsutra it is a manufacturing company which is making Mangalsutra which 
is a 15% requirement of the store. In sparkling chains we make machine chains which are made 
in the machines lesser karigar are required machineries are there but 80% is made in machinery 
and linking and all are done by the karigar. So chains is also a product which is consuming in 
the jewellery store. It has a consumption of 25% of the store sales. So right now with this 
acquisition, we are in all the three products which are very running in the stores. So casting we 
are doing in Skygold. 
 
Mangalsutra manufacturers in the Starmangalsutra. And chains which ladies and gents both 
teenage and all our chains are wear by all the age person also teenage also and mid-age also. So 
the chains are made in sparkling chains. So with this acquisition, we will be there with all the 
three top running products in the store with every corporates and other clients. So this will help 
us to drive our revenues and profits. Coming back to the profits, last year it was at 1.75% PAT 
or 2% PAT approximate PAT. So we can move by 2-3 quarters, we can move them also to 2.5%-
3% PAT by reducing the interest cost and applying the ERP systems and all. 
 
So both the company has the potential to travel with Sky and grow up to both have the capacity 
to make 200 kgs in the daytime and night shift we can make 300 kg per month. So product wise, 
I hope you understand that we are in a, these are in the chains, these are in the Mangalsutra. We 
are in the casting jewelry, necklaces, pendants, earrings all this we have in the Skygold. 
Palash Kawale: 
Sir, could you repeat the contribution from Mangalsutra and chains that you mentioned, sorry I 
missed the number. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Last year we have done both the had done INR370 crores. So this year we are expecting to do 
INR600 crores-INR700 crores and next year we are expecting INR1000 crores from both the 
entities. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Palash Kawale: 
Sir, you mentioned that Mangalsutra contributes around 16% to the retailers, right? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, 15%-16%. 
Palash Kawale: 
And what is the contribution from chains?  
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Chains is 25% contribution of the stock. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay, yes. Thank you, sir. Thank you for your detailed answer. Sir, my next question is what is 
the capacity utilization right now and what are we looking by the end of FY '25 for Skygold as 
well as our acquired entities? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, Skygold we have a capacity of 750 kg per month. Last year we used 270 kg per month. 
This year we have started using it 350 kg to 400 kg per month. So Skygold we have 750 kg per 
month and in that both entities together, we last year were 50 kg per month. So they are at 
utilization of 30%-35%. We can go up to 200 kg per month in that day shift and night shift we 
do 300. So Skygold is at about approximately 350 kg to 375 kg per month right now. And we 
have a capacity to go up to 750 kg. So both together we can go up to 950 kg per month. 
Palash Kawale: 
Thank you so much for your answers. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Thank you so much. Hope I have answered your questions here. 
Palash Kawale: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you for your detailed clarification on acquisitions. Sir, you very clearly 
mentioned that there is a strong tailwinds coming from the domestic retail players while 
expanding very rapidly in next 3-4-5 years. In the context of increasing competition and gold 
price volatility they have seen a sharp decrease in their margins. 
We are guiding that we will improve our margin going forward with the scale and increase in 
our capacity utilization in domestic markets. So do you see that going ahead if these companies 
are opening up more and more retail stores and there is competition increasing, will it impact  
more margin to your clients? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Mostly as you see large corporates we are dealing with, they need quality and different products 
actually the products which are not available with normal general stores. So they are not 
concentrating to lower our margin or bargain to us. Other than that, they are interested to take 
the monopoly products or different types of products in which they can also make the margin 
and we can also make the margins. 
So we are trying to increase the margin by last quarter. We also sold different exclusive products, 
monopoly products which is a variety we have made which we can cope up with the margins. 
So they are also introduced. We are increasing margin with that. We have also started diamond 
studded jewellery also in that margin will be created. So of course competition is there. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 8 of 17 
 
But if your products are different, quality is good and branded corporates need this type of 
manufacturer who make different products, different variety which standalone from other 
normal local jewellers. So there will be a win-win situation for both margin for our customers 
and manufacturers. So we are into that we produce more and more different and monopoly 
products and supply them and create a margin. So competition is everywhere there, but it's all 
about the product you make. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
So could you name a couple of products which are unique and where you see monopoly? Any 
of the designs that you can quantify? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
We have Kuwaiti jewellery which is named as Kuwaiti Make in India, different 18 carat Rose 
Gold Jewellery we are putting a margin in that. In 22 carat also we have made Turkish jewellery, 
jewellery which are different from the market.  Couple of brands which are not available in the 
market. Diamond jewellery also we introduced last quarter. So all this blended, we are making 
the margins from there. 
So in this -- this is  the name of the jewellery. In this different, different patterns are there. 
Different work is there, very difficult work, very difficult craftsmanship. Designers we have a 
very old and experienced designer. So this all blended creates the product. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Are these products manufactured in your Navi Mumbai facility? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes 100%. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
And on the second question is on exports. So you mentioned that you are willing to expand in 
the global market. We have seen success of Indian retailers who have tried their luck in the 
overseas market. With Indian diaspora they have been successful. So are you targeting the same 
or are you targeting that open market? So you will go into US as well? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
No. We are right now supplying to Dubai, Singapore, Malaysia these all countries which have 
similar taste of India, but some countries are different. So we are targeting corporates of there 
like Dubai, Jawhara Jewellery and many other corporates in Singapore, Malaysia and Dubai. 
Like India we are supplying to them also and following our Indian customer also there. Malabar 
Gold, Kalyan Jewellers, Joyalukkas these are all our clients. They have taken for their Dubai, 
Singapore, Malaysia and their corporates also taking. We are targeting US and Europe over a 
medium term. Near term will be in the Indian diaspora. We have started doing R&D for Europe 
and US market where the corporates are there Cosco, Walmart we have a source also, but we 
are right now for two quarters we are planning to develop a product for US and Europe market.  
So for two quarters we are planning to develop and then we will enter into this market. So their 
gross margins will be high, Europe and US, but it will take two quarters to develop that type of 
product. But Dubai, Singapore, Malaysia already we are in the market and we are targeting the 
corporate there also who have 50 to 200 stores. We are basically in the mindset to be with 
corporates. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Correct sir. Can I have follow up on that? So you clearly mentioned that you are targeting Europe 
and US market, but what we understand from market players that their taste and preferences are 
different from what we Indians or maybe in the Middle East have. So we will like go for 18, 
carat 22 carat gold with lesser studded jewellery, but these people will go for lower carat like 14 
carat, 16 carat and higher studded jewellery and you have recently entered into the studded 
business. So how you are going to cope up? Do you have their manufacturing strength bandwidth 
with you to manage that demand and go ahead of the market? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
So about that I was telling that for two quarters we are developing the team. We have hired an 
operations head which has experience of 25 years of US and Europe market. Recently we have 
hired him for this project and we are building a team. So we will work for two quarters on the 
product. So 22 carat is never -- it will be saleable in US and Europe market as you are correct. 
So we are working on 14 carat and 18 carat. 18 carat is like selling very good in India.  
So this operations head we have hired, we have hired a team which knows the taste of the US 
for 25 years. They are in the market who knows the taste of the US and Europe market. So we 
have hired the team, operations head from the below team. They will work for two quarters on 
that product and then we will launch with the products of 18 carat and 14 carat. So we are not in 
a hurry to capture the US and Europe market with a fast run. 
But for two quarters we will read the market, we are building the team. We will see the products, 
observe the market, develop the product and then we will launch the product. So we are in the 
phase of acquiring the team and building the product. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Sure sir. I have couple of more questions regarding your business model, but I would like to take 
it offline. I have just one question so all of the jewellers have given a good guidance of sub 20% 
odd growth for next 2 years, 3 years. Do you see that translating into our businesses or maybe 
we are at a small base we can grow higher and multiply from there. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes we are a manufacturer B2B. Any corporate is growing by 20% or 30%. We are with 
everybody. We are with Malabar Gold also, Kalyan, Thangamayil Jewellery all corporates. Out 
of the top 20 corporates, 15 corporates are with us. Definitely that's why we are guiding INR6500 
crores revenue in 3 years. So we are with everybody, small corporates, mid corporates and large 
corporate whichever who had 5 to 10 stores is a mid corporate whichever who has 2 to 5 stores 
is a small corporate. So we are with everybody.  
 
So if out of 15 corporates, 1 or 2 corporates does not perform. So I will come to the point. So 
definitely we will grow by 30% and more because we are with every corporate in India. We are 
with majorly 1 or 2 corporates in Dubai, Singapore and Malaysia. So in India, the unorganized 
market is shifting to the organized. 
 
So 100% this market will grow and this retailer will grow. As you are seeing last 1 or 2 years, 
they are growing very good. So we have a conversation with each and every corporate and they 
are telling that in this 5 years, much of the unorganized market which is lying 65% now also, we 
turn to organized market, it will be down to 35% unorganized market. So this will help us to 
grow, both of us, the retailer and us also. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Okay, great sir. Thank you very much. I have couple of questions, I will connect with you. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
You can connect anytime sir. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Yes sir, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gianani from Money Control Pro. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Yes sir, thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt but the line for you is not very clear. It sounds like you are in the distance. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Okay, I will rejoin the queue. 
Moderator: 
Okay sir, alright. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harshit Sancheti from 
Renaissance Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Sancheti: 
Sir, who are our top 5 customers and can you break the revenue contribution made by each of 
them? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, our 65% business come from corporates. Our top customers are Malabar Gold, Kalyan 
Jewellers, Joyalukkas, Senco Gold, Thangamayil Jewellery, GRT Jewellery, Bhima Jewellery. 
These are our customers. 65% comes from the top 15 corporates. 
Harshit Sancheti: 
Okay, and for Malabar specifically? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, pardon? 
Harshit Sancheti: 
How much percentage Malabar contributes? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Percentage we cannot reveal just for the secrecy. You are also from the jewellery industry, I 
hope. So you understand. 
Harshit Sancheti: 
Okay, follow up on that. What are the steps being taken to reduce the dependency of these top 
customers? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Dependency on? Can you repeat the question? 
Harshit Sancheti: 
What are the steps being taken to reduce the dependency of these top customers? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
We are not reducing this customer. We are expanding with the corporate and we are with large 
corporate. So for reducing the dependency, we are with mid-corporate also which are at 5 to 10 
stores and are,are planning to become like Malabar and Kalyan in five years. So, we have 
onboarded that also and the 2 to 5 stores, which have 2 to 5 stores in chain stores in south or 
somebody, which are at lower level, but they have a plan to become mid-corporate in two years. 
So we are, we have diversified our sales in mid, small and large corporates. So we are with 
everybody and we are right now available in 2000 to 3,000 stores in India and out of that. So our 
volume is increasing with each customer. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Harshit Sancheti: 
Okay, all my questions are answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Piyush Jain: 
Yes. This transaction, which we acquired at two companies, are these a related party  
transaction? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
 Pardon, can you question once again? 
Piyush Jain: 
The two entities we acquired, this star and Mangalsutra. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes. 
Piyush Jain: 
Are these a related party transaction? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes. This is a related party transaction. 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay. So we haven't given this margin detail of this entity. We have given some turnover detail, 
like INR200 crores, INR170 crores, but we haven't given how much is the margin, how much... 
Moderator: 
Piyush, sorry to interrupt. The line for you is not very clear. You're sounding muffled. May I 
request you to please use the handset mode? 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes. So I want to know, what is the EBITDA margin these two entities are making? Because we 
are giving some guidance that the margin will improve going forward? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
EBITDA is around 4-4.4% in the last year. So we will improve that. And PAT is about 2% 
approx. 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes. Okay. And previously we've discussed that we are working, we are trying to work with 
Tanishq also. Any update on that? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Already we have done many rounds of meetings. Our product meetings is done. But we are 
waiting a confirmation call from them. So it's already, we have last con call already, we told that 
we will be acquiring it soon. But it's getting delayed by two, three months. But we are hoping 
that we will onboard them in a shorter time. 
 
But it's internal, when the window is open, then they will tell us. But we have done all the 
meetings and product meeting with them. So that's how we are tracking them. So yet now we 
are not onboarding them. 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay. And earlier we have given some guidance that we will move most of our borrowings to 
gold metal loan. So right now, what is progress has been achieved on this front? And how much 
is our borrowing in gold metal loan right now? And when we will be able to come at a 100% 
level of gold metal loan? 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Already from our debt, , 6% to 7% we have transferred to gold metal loan, which the KVB Bank 
has given us. In two quarters, I think we will be 100% on GML. Because banks are taking the 
time to change the limits. We are already pushing up them for GML. Already one bank with 
major limit has already told us that in this week, we will get about INR70, INR80 crores GML 
loan. 
So I think this quarter we will be at, already we are using 7%. So 25% will be converted into 
GML this quarter. And I think 75%-80% in second quarter. So we have applied to all the banks. 
This will help us to drop our interest costs in two quarters. So already we are using, 7% we have 
started using GML. 
Piyush Jain: 
Okay. And earlier we have given guidance of, I think INR5000 crores revenue by FY '26. Now 
I think we have upped the guidance on a higher side around 6300 we are saying. Correct? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
No. With this acquisition. 
Piyush Jain: 
With this acquisition, correct. So the growth which we are forecasting is largely based on what? 
Based on the new product category, new customers or what? Because we would be catering most 
of the customers varying few times for something. Otherwise we are catering all the customers 
in the jewellery business. So whatever the growth number target we are thinking, it is purely 
based on the product change or new product introduction or something on what we are seeing 
of this. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
It's all blended. It's about market growth is happening, market share gains and export we are 
working on it. All the blended it will come products. We are making new products that will help 
us to drive our market share. Already we have data that all the retailer's data most told that 
unorganized market is shifting drastically to the organized market. 
 
This is helping us to give this projections because unorganized market is drastically shifting to 
organized market to our corporates. It's all about blended. Our products is also work. Market 
growth is also working in it. Indian jewellery market is huge. We are just at INR2,000 crores of 
revenue. So it's a huge market. Tanishq is already 8% of the revenue of the Indian organized 
market. So it's a huge opportunity. We are just at INR2,000 crores. So our product is also 
working. Market share is shifting from unorganized to organized. Market is growing. So all will 
help us to drive. Government policies are good. 
Piyush Jain: 
And two more questions. First, to achieve this INR6,300 crores revenue do we need to raise 
further money going forward also with respect to dilution? Or we will be able to manage our 
working capital with internal accruals and all? 
 
And second, you said something let's say 750 kg per month capacity you have and then you are 
acquiring units which is also having around 200 kg. So right now we are doing a capacity 
utilization of 40%-50%. So want to know what is stopping us right now to come to the optimum 
utilization level of let's say 75% or 80%? Why we cannot do that in one year? Let's say one year 
or something. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
One year, at present there is no need for external capital. We would take capital at the appropriate 
time that whenever board is comfortable and agree the plan and we will plan that out. About that 
to achieve the target we have taken the capacity because it's a manufacturing capacity you cannot 
plan for one year. That one year we have taken this facility next year we can do. So we have to 
plan for three to four years. The capacity is done for three years keeping in mind. 
 
So we have decent capital results, customers are good. So we are gradually going by working 
capital loans is good for next two years. So we have products but we cannot achieve this three 
year target. We cannot fully utilize in one year this facility. It's a step by step process and making 
the new products slowly adding the karigars, designers we already have. So this is the process 
of three years. We cannot step so drastically that we can take more capital and achieve that in 
one year. So we are in a good space, I think. 
Piyush Jain: 
Is there any other entity related party which is still there?  
Mangesh Chauhan: 
No. Nothing. 
Piyush Jain: 
Thank you from my side. Thank you, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gianani from Moneycontrol Pro. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Yes, sir. Congratulations for a great set of numbers. so just two questions from my side. One is, 
you target -- you give a revenue target of about INR6,500 crores. So that is by FY '27-'28, what 
is the timelines for that? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
'27. We have revised the target with this acquisition. Earlier our target was INR5,000 crores for 
27. But this acquisition, we have revised the target. 
Bharat Gianani: 
And sir, second question is related to this new segment that you pointed out. Like, diamond 
studded jewellery which we have entered into last year. But sir, wanted to understand because 
we have been able to build the business with the focus on the lightweight jewellery. 
 
So far products like necklaces, pendants now, mangalsutra and chains. So, that typically is 
outsourced by the jewellery manufacturers which are there for manufacturers like us. But 
diamond jewellery, diamond-studded jewellery typically, what do you think, why will they 
outsource it to us? 
 
Because the other products that we mentioned, that are lightweight and that they are outsourcing 
and we typically provide designs which they can sell fast. But what the USP of diamond-studded 
jewellery is there, which we give to them that that manufacturing will come to us rather than 
they manufacturing. And because I think that's a margin lucrative product. So instead of the 
jewellery manufacturer outsourcing him make it denounce and then sell it. So probably, I mean, 
what I was trying to ask is, where do you think is our USP in that segment? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes. So I will answer this. Mostly this large corporate prefer to outsource diamond jewellery. 
80% they are outsourcing because they get the creation from different 50 to 100 factories, 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 14 of 17 
 
different 50 mines come into a counter. So they largely believe that outsourcing is very good for 
us. We get a creation, we get a numerous creation of future plans. We future what jewellery will 
work. This manufacturer work day in day out for this. For 20, 25 years every manufacturer 
working for this, what will work after six months, what will work after two years. 
 
So this large corporates, every time are positive or look for outsourcing this diamond jewellery. 
Whatever margins there is running in the market, they give to us also. But I will come to the 
point why our jewellery, we will sell this diamond jewellery, because we have developed the 
same taste as for gold jewellery. 
 
We have diamond, created a lightweight carat diamond jewellery. So we have launched 0.2 carat 
to 0.5 carat rings and that too pendants and all. Our necklaces are range about 1 carat to 1.5 carat. 
So diamond jewellery range is about INR1-INR2.5 lakhs range we are making. We are not 
making INR5 lakhs, INR10 lakhs jewellery or INR15 lakhs jewellery. Before also, we were not 
in that mindset. 
 
In diamond jewellery also, we are in the same line. We are making a budgeted lightweight 
jewellery. We also know that taste and buying trends. This is that we global market trends are 
bringing it to India. So in global market trend also, we are bringing it to India. So we are into 
lower inventory budget. We will keep in that pace only. Large corporate every time sees new 
design, new creation, whichever will sell fast in the counter, they outsource from the 
manufacturers. So it's all about the designing creation you make and the budget inventory you 
make. 
 
So we are into a very initial stage of diamond jewellery, not much aggressive, very last quarterly, 
we got some good sales. So we are slowly, slowly driving up that. That's the project. 
Bharat Gianani: 
So just one clarity, you mentioned like what price range you are making INR1-INR2 lakhs? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
All our diamond jewellery are ranging from approximately rings and earrings are about from 
INR20,000-INR50,000, INR50,000-INR60,000 range. Necklaces are about INR50,000-INR1.5 
lakhs. So maximum INR2.5 lakhs. 
Bharat Gianani: 
And so this last question from my side, the margins for the console entity, you said, what will 
be the PAT margin guidance for the next three years? And what will be the drivers for that? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
For Sky Gold? 
Bharat Gianani: 
Yes, Sky Gold consolidated site, including both the entities that we have. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, we are targeting 3% PAT margin to achieve. First target is to 3% PAT margins. And then 
we will go ahead with more than 3% also. 3%-4% we are targeting. First to achieve 3% is our 
first target, which will help us by reducing the finance cost also. We are developing, we will be 
implementing ERP system, which will help us to track the inventory and help us to lower the 
gold loss. So on the field, we are working on it to achieve. First target is to achieve 3% PAT 
margins. In three years, we will be  ranging about 3%-4%. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Bharat Gianani: 
Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from H G Hawa & Co. Please go ahead. 
Amit Agicha: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. My question was with respect 
to like, is the company also dealing in B2C segment? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
No, we are never into B2C. 
Amit Agicha: 
Is the company planning to come out with B2C online? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Right now, we are not planning because we are seeing a very good scope in B2B only. We have 
acquired two entities. The ROCE of B2B is better than B2C for now. So we are considering, we 
have acquired two entities. So we want to, our target is to become the largest jewellery 
manufacturer of India. That's our mission. So for two years, we are not planning at least for 
anything. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay, the company is not thinking of retailing? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
No. So B2B, we are considering that is our core and we want to be the largest manufacturer of 
India. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Sanghvi, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Raj Sanghvi: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. So my question was regarding 
to the sudden rise in the prices of gold in the month of April. And also there has been general 
election as well. So have you experienced any slowdown in the, in the first few months of this 
quarter because of that? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
There were expectations. Slowdown was expected, but there was a good business because April, 
May, Akshaya Tritiya is lined up in the South and North. So Akshaya Tritiya is a very big 
opportunity. So it was a good quarter for us. I would say. 
Raj Sanghvi: 
And my second question is with respect to our turnover. So we have guided for around 6,300 by 
FY '27. So my question is like how price increase in the month of April. Suppose it increases 
further in the coming few years. So can our turnover even increase further because of that? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
We have given a blended target already… 
Raj Sanghvi: 
Okay, considering that. So, the target is considering that? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, yearly 8% to 9% gold prices increases on average. The data says that. So, we have 
calculated both. 
Raj Sanghvi: 
Perfect. Thank you. That’s it. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir, couple of questions from my side. Sir, we have some investments in our books also, correct? 
Some 90-odd crores which was our listed shares, correct? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes. 
Piyush Jain: 
So, what is the planning for this? Do you want to cut this and reduce our borrowing on something 
or we want to continue with the borrowing as well as the investments? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
No. We are planning to replace this equities with FD with the banks. We have already applied 
to the banks that we want to replace this collateral with FD and we'll lay off the shares, we'll  
offload the shares. So, we will replace this with FD. Then FD will give us good returns, 8% to 
7% fixed returns to us. So, these are the collateral with the banks against which we have taken 
the limits of borrowings. So in, I think, one quarter, in 3 months from  here, we will be 
exchanging  it with FD and we'll sell  out the shares. 
Piyush Jain: 
So, for  GML also we need to give FD? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, we have to give 30%, 40% collateral to the banks for the secured loans. Against that we get 
three times loan. 
Piyush Jain: 
And then with respect to our capex, let's say whatever capex we need to do. So, our work is more 
like a skill work where the  karigar is important and not about the plant and machinery 
something. That's all because our capex in comparison, size is lower as compared to our 
turnover. That the understanding correct?  
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes. Can I go ahead? 
Piyush Jain: 
Yes. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
So it's a mix of machine and handmade. It's a mix of machine and handmade. So in machine, the 
hand carving is done, polishing, finishing. So it's a 50%,50% combination of hand and machines. 
So in gold, it's not like the steel industry or something, copper industry, that a capex is needed 
of INR50 crores, INR100 crores or INR150 crores. So, nominal capex is needed and it's a 
blended of handmade and machine. 
Piyush Jain: 
And I just want to understand, whatever the way our pricing, it is largely being the making 
charges  (inaudible 49:41) that we make. That is our revenue because on a gold-wise, price-wise, 
whatever fluctuation happens in gold, that will be taken care by a new hedge in the way, the date 
at which we buy and the date at which we sell. So more or less, that has been understood. So, 
whatever is your making charges, whatever is your gross margin that should be our income. Is 
that understanding correct? 
Mahendra Chauhan: 
100%. That's gross margin is our income. 
Piyush Jain: 
That's why we are able to make a high ROCE. 

 
 
Sky Gold Limited 
 
 
June 24, 2024 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Mahendra Chauhan: 
Yes. 
Piyush Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes, congrats over a good set of numbers and a great vision. So, just wanted to question that 
initially we guided about INR10,000 crores of revenue by 2030. So, can we say we will be able 
to achieve maybe one year before maybe 2029? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Yes, 100%. With this acquisition, we are revising, but we have revised the target to 2027. We 
have given the outlook. So, it will be revised 100% with the acquisition. 
Amit Kumar: 
No, sir. I'm talking about a INR10,000 crores target. INR10,000 crores revenue. In which year 
we will be able to achieve INR10,000 crores of revenue? 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
We have given the outlook of 2027. We'll definitely achieve 1 years or 2 years before only. But 
we'll send you the outlook till 2030 also. We can send you the outlook. We can send you the 
PPT. So, 100% with this acquisition, it will be achieved prior. 
Amit Kumar: 
Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bharat Gianani from Moneycontrol Pro. 
Please go ahead. Yes, sorry, sir. The line for the current participant seems to have dropped. 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that would be the last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Mangesh Chauhan for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Mangesh Chauhan: 
Thank you so much. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. I hope we have been able to answer 
all the queries. In case you require any further details, you may please contact us or Orient 
Capital, our Investment Relations Partners. Thank you so much. Thank you, all of you, for 
supporting us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sky Gold Limited, that concludes this conference. 
