 
 
        
 
 
     
        
 
GPIL/2022-2023 
  
August 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Scrip Code: 542857 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol - GREENPANEL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Conference call transcripts 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed transcripts of the 
conference call for investors and analyst held on July 30, 2024, at 4.00 P.M. on the unaudited 
financial results of Greenpanel Industries Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
Please take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours faithfully 
For GREENPANEL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
(Lawkush Prasad) 
Company Secretary & VP – Legal 
ACS:18675 
 
Encl.: As above 
LAWKUSH PRASAD
Digitally signed by LAWKUSH 
PRASAD 
Date: 2024.08.01 16:11:56 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Greenpanel Industries Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
 
Rishab Barar 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Greenpanel Industries Limited's Q1 FY25 
Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Shobhan Mittal - the Managing Director, Mr. V. 
Venkatramani - the CFO. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made in today's discussion may 
be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in 
this regard is available in the result presentation that was sent to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin the proceedings of the call. Over to you, 
sir. 
Shobhan Mittal 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss Greenpanel's 
Financial Performance for Q1 for the Financial Year 2025. 
MDF domestic volume had increased by 10.2% year-on-year for the quarter, export volumes 
contracted by 21% due to logistics issues. MDF EBITDA margins at 12.1% were impacted by 
steep increase in wood prices, 5.8% sequentially and 30.9% year-on-year, lower domestic 
volumes on a sequential basis. Plywood volumes were low both sequentially and year-on-year 
and operating margins at negative 2.2% were impacted due to the same. 
Post-tax profits for the quarter were lower by 58% at Rs. 15.71 crore as compared to Rs. 37.26 
crore in Q1 FY24. Net working capital at 36 days has shown a sequential increase of 8 days 
due to increase in wood inventory in preparation for the monsoon season. Net debt stood at 
Rs. 103 crore as on 30th June, 2024. However, it stands at negative Rs. 111 crore, excluding 
debt for expansion project. 
Mr. Venkatramani will now run you through the Financials in greater detail post which, we will 
have a Q&A session. 
V. Venkatramani 
Good afternoon everyone. I thank you for joining us to discuss the Q1 Financial Performance 
of Greenpanel. 
Net sales during Q1FY25 were Rs. 364.15 crore compared to Rs. 385.16 crore during the 
year-on-year period. MDF sales fell by 2% at Rs. 331.78 crore and contributed 91% of the 
revenue. MDF domestic volumes stood at 97,400 cubic meters. Export volumes were 21,671 
cubic meters and overall volumes for Q1FY25 were 1,19,071 cubic meters. 
MDF domestic revenues were Rs. 288.33 crore while exports contributed Rs. 43.45 crore. 
Domestic realizations were lower by 10.01% at Rs. 29,603 per cubic meter while export 
realizations were higher by 11.7% at Rs. 20,051 per cubic meter. Blended MDF realizations 
were lower by 5.1% at Rs. 27,864 per cubic meter. 
Uttarakhand MDF plant operated at 76% and AP plant operated at 74% with blended capacity 
utilization at 75% for the quarter. Plywood sales had degrowth of 28% at Rs. 32.37 crore. 

 
Page 2 of 13 
Plywood sales volumes were lower by 22.8% at 1.22 million square meters and the unit 
operated at 52% during the quarter. Plywood sales realizations were lower by 6.7% at Rs. 266 
per square meter since we have stopped sales of decorative veneers. In Q1FY25, gross 
margins at 51% fell by 710 basis points year-on-year due to reduction in selling prices and 
increase in wood prices. 
EBITDA margins were down by 780 basis points at 10.9%. PAT was lower by 58% at Rs. 
15.71 crore. Growth debt to equity ratio now stands at 0.21 as on 30th June 2024, compared 
to 0.13 as on 30th June 2023. Net debt as on 30th June stood at Rs. 103 crore, including debt 
of Rs. 214 crore for the expansion project. 
That concludes my Presentation. Please open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti 
We have seen MDF margin is now pretty low at 12%. So, what is the sense, when should we 
expect any types of pricing increase by the industry and timber prices, which continue to shot 
up? Earlier call you have said it might possibly cool off from June or July onwards, so what is 
the sense on the cost side? And lastly on the import as we are seeing freight rates have sort 
of already doubled in last few months, so is it leading to lower import in the country and how 
is the import and domestic pricing gap now? 
Shobhan Mittal 
On the timber cost front, I think we have maintained previously that it is still some time, it was 
our next year when we will see that the prices starting to cool off when the new plantation 
material will start coming in circulation. However, we do see that there is some stability on the 
timber prices. As a company what we have also done is we have ventured into different 
species of timber, trying to source other cheaper species of timber for which we are now trying 
to keep the timber prices in check. However, it is very hard to estimate that are we seeing a 
real reduction in timber prices. As of now, it is hard to say that. But with mixing of different 
species, etc., we are able to control our internal timber prices. On the pricing side, we foresee 
that we don't see any major further reduction in the market pricing coming in because majority 
of the new capacities have already come in and some of the smaller new capacities have 
already established themselves with a fair amount of volume in the market and a decent 
market share. So, we don't foresee any major challenge coming on that side as well. Imports, 
yes, freight prices continue to remain quite inflated and we are not seeing a major increase in 
imports coming. In fact, there has been a reduction only. So, we don't see imports being a 
major threat in the near future because of the freight remaining inflated at this point of time. 
So, that is the current situation from the cost and pricing side. 
Keshav Lahoti 
In case there is no price increase or 12% margin can be possible, at best you can close this 
year looks like a 15% margin, so what is the take on that? Because margin is pretty low, for  
capital intensive business like MDF. 
V. Venkatramani 
Remember, we had guided in the last conference call after the post-quarter results that we 
are expecting MDF margins to be around what we achieved in Q4 last year, which was, I think, 
around 16.4%. So, that would be our target for the current year. 
Keshav Lahoti 
One last question from my side, you maintained your 15% MDF volume growth guidance for 
FY25? 
V. Venkatramani 
Correct. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja 
Just a couple of quick questions from my end. Of course, you have given all the reasoning 
right from domestic competition to timber prices going up. I think on the last question you did 
mention a lot, when you see the domestic competition easing, I think the last was done by 
Greenply and then came CenturyPly, do you see now the price pressure at least on the 
competition side has gone away? The question why I am asking is even if let us say timber 

 
Page 3 of 13 
prices start to reduce, if the competition remains fierce, can there be passing on which can 
happen or you think that will not happen? 
Shobhan Mittal 
Century a new plant has recently started and of course I am quite sure that they are looking 
to gain some market share, especially in the South zone where they were not present 
operating out of the North plant, not present in a very substantial way. So, I wouldn't say that 
the domestic competition has gone away. However, there is some relief on account of imports 
not coming in. I am also quite hopeful and sure that the domestic industry has now realized 
where they stand in terms of margins, and I think we are almost hitting a bottom limit as to 
how much price cutting can happen. With the given current timber prices being on the 
increasing trend, even at current levels, margins have already become quite straight. A lot of 
the new companies have taken on substantial debt to fund their expansion projects. So, I don't 
foresee any major reduction in market pricing per se. I think now the only challenge that 
remains are increasing timber pricing and I think collectively as an industry, there are chances 
that we may be able to pass it on in the coming few months. Primarily, if all the organized 
players see it that way and the imports remain muted, then there would be a possibility of 
passing on this cost onto the market as well. 
Sneha Talreja 
Is it safe to assume in Q2FY25, we will see some price increase happening? 
V. Venkatramani 
I don't think we can make that assumption now. It is still a very competitive market and there 
is a big gap between demand and supply. So, I will wait for some time before we see whether 
we can implement price increase in Q2FY25. 
Sneha Talreja 
Sir, lastly, when you mentioned about demand supply, could you give us a number of supply 
additions happening in the industry, the major ones? 
V. Venkatramani 
If we look at it, current capacity would be around 3.5 million cubic meters and including our 
own capacity of 230,000 cubic meters, we expect 600,000 cubic meters to be added during 
the current year. We should take the overall capacity to about 4 million cubic meters whereas 
current demand is approximately 2.5 to 2.6 million cubic meters. 
Sneha Talreja 
And what would be the quantum of import? 
V. Venkatramani 
If you look at the average for last year, it was around 35,000 cubic meters. So, if you look at 
Q1FY25, it has come down by approximately 50%. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay 
Can you give the North and the South timber pricing for the quarter? 
V. Venkatramani 
It was Rs. 6.75 for the North plant and Rs. 5.50 for the South plant and blended was 
approximately Rs. 6. 
Praveen Sahay 
And so if I look at the margin profile of 12% and also sequentially if I look at your realization 
and especially in the domestic market, the realization for Q-o-Q has actually gone up, so 
16.5% of margin to 12% is majorly because of timber pricing? 
V. Venkatramani 
Well, that is correct. It is to a large extent the timber price. It is also sequentially if you look at 
it domestic volumes have come down from approximately 116,000 cubic meters in Q4FY24 
to 97,000 cubic meters in Q1FY25. So, the fall in volume has definitely contributed to the lower 
operating margin and there has also been, if you look at it, the domestic export mix has 
changed compared to what it was in Q4FY24. Q4FY24, I think it was about 92% domestic and 
8% exports whereas, it is about, 82% domestic and 18% exports in the current quarter. 
Praveen Sahay 
My next question is related to the OEM. How much is the volume and value contribution for a 
quarter? 
V. Venkatramani 
The OEM contribution was 25% of the domestic volumes. 

 
Page 4 of 13 
Praveen Sahay 
And in value terms? 
V. Venkatramani  
I don't have the figure right now. You can give me a call later. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities Ltd. Please 
go ahead. 
Udit Gajiwala 
Where you mentioned that for FY25, you are targeting around 16%-16.5% margin, so sir what 
would be those reasons from 13% going back to 16% where you are not seeing timber prices 
coming down? 
V. Venkatramani 
It comes primarily from the volume growth we are projecting for this year. We are projecting a 
volume growth of 15% in the MDF segment. That operational efficiency should give us the 
higher margins. 
Udit Gajiwala 
But to achieve 15%, your ask rates for coming 9 months is close to 19% to 20% growth. And 
I believe imports could be lower in Q1FY25 also because there was some confusion on BIS, 
so the orders were delayed, and the container issues were there. But if imports start to come 
back, then 9 months, 19%-20% growth looks a bit challenging given the current scenario, but 
any light over there? 
V. Venkatramani 
I think imports will continue to face challenges just as we are facing challenges on the export 
side. It is not only a steep increase in ocean freight rates, there is also a non-availability of 
containers and ships and ship schedules are also getting deferred to a significant extent. So, 
I don't think imports will go up significantly at least for the next 2 quarters. 
Udit Gajiwala 
And lastly, the CAPEX that the new plant is expected to come into Q3FY25, that is as per 
schedule and would it start to contribute from Q4FY25 onwards or there is some delay over 
there? 
V. Venkatramani 
That is correct. It will start production in Q3FY25. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat 
My first question was on wood prices. I just want to know, what is the expected quantum of 
reduction in wood prices in FY26 when the new crops start coming in and the estimated impact 
it will have on your cost of goods sold? 
Shobhan Mittal 
It is impossible to gauge that at this point of time. Being a natural product and being so 
fragmented in the hands of so many farmers, we would not be able to gauge what kind of 
supply would be coming in and what would be the expected demand at that point of time, 
which would result in the reduction. So, it is quite impossible to gauge that at this point of time. 
Vinamra Hirawat 
And I just wanted to know if this quarter had any election impact on your sales volumes. 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes, I think to some extent we also had the election impact just as April is also a slow starter 
because dealers increased volumes in March to avail the highest slab of incentive, so all those 
factors definitely contributed to low volumes in Q1FY25, and we are confident that we will start 
seeing the pickup from the current quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from Kotak AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Agrawal 
My question was related to the discounts and schemes. I believe it was in place till the end of 
June, but still our volumes fell during the quarter. And so have you rolled back the schemes 
or are they still in place? 

 
Page 5 of 13 
Shobhan Mittal 
No the schemes are very much in place because you see I think our schemes were a reaction 
to undercutting by other companies. So, it was an answer to the schemes that were launched 
by other companies. So, at this point of time, the schemes continue to be in place. 
Nikhil Agrawal 
Do we see Q2FY25 volumes going down further because it is normally a kind of weak quarter, 
so what has been the performance for July, if you can just help on that? 
V. Venkatramani 
I think we will definitely see a volume improvement in Q2FY25 because monsoons do not 
significantly impact demand since this is an internal product, primarily used for manufacturing 
furniture. So, monsoon does not create any significant disturbances. I think volumes will be 
significantly better in Q2FY25 as compared to Q1FY25. 
Nikhil Agrawal 
And what about the margin front? 12%, have the margins bottomed out, or do we expect any 
further erosion? 
V. Venkatramani 
I think the margins have bottomed out. Definitely, since we are seeing volume improvement 
in Quarter 2, I think margins will definitely be better in Quarter 2 as compared to Quarter 1. 
Nikhil Agrawal 
And what about the Plywood segment? Like, when do we see performance improvement on 
that? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, we are seeing volume improvement already in the Plywood segment. We have taken 
some quite strong decisions in the Plywood segment. We have combined and merged the 
Plywood sales team. So, what we have done is we have opened up the number of people 
selling plywood within the company to a much larger number base, and we have also started 
accessing our entire MDF network to try to put our plywood product into that segment. So, we 
are already seeing improvement in terms of volumes. There has been cost optimization as 
well. We are also hopeful that in the next month, month and a half, we will see some price 
improvement in plywood as well. We have already sent out a notice to the market for the same. 
And we are hopeful that within a month's time that will get implemented. So, with these 
different measures and the more sort of increased intensity of selling plywood within the 
company, I see volumes to improve and also some relief on the margin front with the improved 
pricing as well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aditya Mehta from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mehta 
I just wanted to ask why has the annual capacity for plywood declined from 10.5 million square 
meters in Q1 FY24 to 9 million square meters in Q1 FY25? 
V. Venkatramani 
That is correct. As we had mentioned earlier, we have shut down the decorative veneers 
segment. So, that is why you see a reduction in capacity. It is the part of the plywood business. 
As we had mentioned in the earlier call also, we have closed down the decorative veneers 
business, so that is why you see a reduction in the overall plywood capacity. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec Capital market. 
Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah 
First is the clarification you indicated that after 600,000 of capacity addition at industry level, 
the total capacity we are looking at 4 million CBM is that number right? 
V. Venkatramani 
That is right. 
Ritesh Shah 
And so the corresponding demand would be around 2.6 to 2.8, did you mention that? Did I 
hear it right? 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes, if you look at the last financial year, I estimate it is between 2.5 and 2.6. 
Ritesh Shah 
And sir, imports, you indicated average was 35,000 and for the quarter, I could not pick up the 
number, sir? 

 
Page 6 of 13 
V. Venkatramani 
Quarter, I said it was approximately 50% of the last year's average of 35,000, so somewhere 
between 17,000 to 18,000 cubic meters per month. 
Ritesh Shah 
My second question is on import parity pricing. Historically, you used to give us number on 
what the FOB price is, what the freight price is, and effectively we could calculate the landed 
price. You did indicate around container freight charges. Is it possible if you could please 
quantify that? 
Shobhan Mittal 
As of now, what we are seeing, there is not too many imports coming in, so it is not very clear. 
What we know is that from Southeast Asian countries, they are trying to maintain an FOB 
price of $190 to $195. And on the freight side, I think today we are talking at least a number 
of $30 to $35 per cubic meter to bring it into India. So, that would result in a price of $225 to 
$230 CNF. 
Ritesh Shah 
And, sir would that be import duty of around 10%? Is it something which is applicable right 
now? 
Shobhan Mittal 
Most of the Southeast Asian countries fall under the free trade agreement. So, there is no 
import duty on that. 
Ritesh Shah 
So, sir, if we look at this number, factoring $35 of trade, $190, what you indicated on FOB 
basis, the landed price will be somewhere around Rs. 8,000 - Rs. 19,000, how should we look 
at this versus our reported realization? I understand we do a lot of value-added products, but 
is it possible to get some comfort that the local pricing would not reduce only looking at import 
parity match? 
Shobhan Mittal 
What we need to compare firstly is the industrial grade product against the import product 
which is the segment that the imports compete in, number one. And number two, what also 
needs to be factored in is that this price is landed at the port. Even at the port location, there 
are various clearing charges and local transportation charges and then overheads of the 
importer involved, I think which adds around Rs. 2,500 per cubic meter to the cost, to bring it 
to the importers. So, the moment they further transport this to the users and the consumers, 
then the cost gets added up. So, we don't foresee that in industrial grade because of imports,  
at these price levels, any pricing challenge. That is why you also see at this point of time that 
majority of the OEMs that we are catering to who were completely dependent on imports in 
the earlier few months have now moved to the domestic producers purely because imports is 
not really viable and they are also happy to pay a small premium to the domestic producers 
because there is a lot of, they have low working capital requirement dealing with domestic 
producers, LC limits are not required, foreign exchange volatility goes out of the picture. So, 
we don't see that to be a challenge with the current price levels. 
Ritesh Shah 
Just a follow up, the implied realization based on our math, it comes to around Rs. 29,600 per 
CBM. If one had to bifurcate this into two parts, one is the basic grade and the value-added, 
would that be possible a broad number would also help just again to comment on pricing? 
V. Venkatramani 
Sure, so our domestic blended realization is Rs. 29,603. If you look at the basic products, 
which is the industrial and the commercial grade products, the average realization comes to 
Rs. 22,695 and those for the value-added segment comes to Rs. 37,482. 
Ritesh Shah 
And just last question, you indicated there is another 600K of capacity which is expected. If 
you look at the current margin profile, it would be difficult to cover up for the cost of capital for 
most of the players. So, when you speak to the industry participants, what is the thought 
process? Is it like to look at market share push volumes, or is there some hope that there 
would be sanity in the marketplace, and there will be some resilience on pricing that one can 
expect? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I think everyone is hopeful that there will be some relief on the timber cost front. Everyone is 
quite upbeat about the fact that imports have been curtailed, but at the same time, cut-throat 
competition continues in the market. I am just hopeful that people realize that it can't get any 
worse than that and start working towards margin improvement, whether it is on the pricing 
side or also, for example, additional efforts on the raw material side, whether it is reducing 
pricing or increasing plantation activities. 

 
Page 7 of 13 
Ritesh Shah 
If you look at timber prices locally last 15 years - 20 years in India, have there been any tenures 
when the timber prices have actually reduced? And if yes, what are the reasons leading to 
that? 
Shobhan Mittal 
No, you see in timber, we always go through these cycles because demand goes up, prices 
start going up and plantations start happening. And then, when plantations do become 
available, demand is sort of similar, then the prices will go down. We have seen this, there is 
always a 5-6 year cycle when this always happens. So, it is quite common, and expect it. Of 
course, this time it has been a bit more inflated because demand from the paper mills and the 
expansion in the MDF industry has been quite substantial. And for this grade of timber, the 
demand has drastically gone up and plantation is taking time to catch up. But these cycles 
have been in the industry, it always happens. It is quite common for this to happen. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishab Bothra from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishab Bothra 
Firstly, just wanted to understand what things can we do in order to reach back to our profit 
levels? In market scenario, we all know, understand how things have been, and I am sure you 
would be doing the right steps or taking the right steps to move in a more profitable manner, 
but what according to you are key factors which are restricting the increase in productivity? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, you see, as I mentioned earlier, certain things are beyond our control. For example, timber 
pricing, the best we can do at this point of time is to try to mix different grades of species and 
different species and different grades of material to reduce our average timber consumption 
cost. We have taken a strong drive internally within the company to cut unnecessary costs 
during this difficult period. Like I said, we merged the plywood and MDF teams, which have 
resulted in a fair amount of savings on the sales operation side. We have also, for example, 
decided to centralize certain sales and commercial functions, which were earlier divided in the 
respective branches to make it more efficient and reduce costs as well. So, on the cost-cutting 
side, there has been a strong drive within the company to try to improve margins. Also, one 
thing that the company is focusing on is the increase in the value-added product mix, because 
that is somewhere where we see that there is good opportunity for profitability to go up. There 
is no threat from the unorganized segment or the imports in that particular segment. So, there 
is a strong focus on increasing the value-added segment for the company. So, there are cost 
cutting measures in place. Of course, there is a drive to improve the product mix and hopefully 
in the next coming few months we can also see some opportunities to pass on cost increases 
to the market with price increases. So, that would also result in an improvement in the margins 
of the company and profitability. 
Rishab Bothra 
So, why I was asking this question is, if we recollect 2021-22, the run rate of revenue was 
around Rs. 470 - Rs. 450 crore which has come down to around Rs. 397, I am sure realization 
would have improved, volumes would have improved vice versa. There could be a time one 
would be up and one would be down. But our margin contribution has come off sharply, 28% 
to 29% margin have come off to 13%. And this has been quite for a while. So, since everything 
looks good on the demand front, input cost is a challenge, which has been there for a while 
and still we don't know where we will be landing up in Q2FY25 or Q3FY25. So, does 
diversification help to an extent moving from MDF to other business segments because I 
guess non-compete clause is over? 
Shobhan Mittal 
The non-compete only applies for us to the plywood segment at this point of time, but like I 
said, even that is no longer in place. But I think we are still very upbeat about the MDF 
segment. The demand side, I would say the challenge is of oversupply, not of the market 
demand or market growth. The reason why this problem has been created over the last year 
is because surplus supply has come in, which I am quite sure given the current conditions, 
people are not going to willingly invest into MDF plants or large MDF plants going forward, 
because everyone knows the current situation. So, we see that this situation is definitely going 
to improve. As a company, we are very cautious about the debt in our books. We have already 
undertaken an expansion project. Our current capacities are underutilized at this point of time. 
So, the focus of the company at this point of time is to optimize existing capacity, bring the 
new project online and bring it up to capacity and streamline the plywood business to bring it 
to full capacity as well. So, with these things on our hand at this point of time, diversification 
into another product line is definitely not on our mind. There is already a lot on our hands to 
do and I think for the next two financial years, we are quite sure that this will keep us occupied. 

 
Page 8 of 13 
Rishab Bothra 
And you mentioned oversupply, so is it imports, are we pressurizing the government or are 
we lobbying with the government to have certain anti-dumping duties so that the domestic 
industry is protected? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, at this point of time, you see, as I mentioned, imports are not really a major threat at this 
point of time because of the freight costs being very high. At the same time, we had plans for 
BIS being implemented, which unfortunately got deferred by a year. So, this will get 
implemented next February, which would already create a barrier for imports coming into the 
country. And if the industry sees the need or the necessity for re-initiating the anti-dumping 
investigation, then they might do so, but at this point of time, with the increased rate and I think 
with BIS coming in, it doesn't seem like that may be immediately necessary to engage into 
another investigation for the time being. 
Rishab Bothra 
So, your statement that there is ample supply coming in, so is it domestic supply which is 
hurting? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I am talking about domestic, yes. The nature of an MDF plant being a continuous process is 
that the entire capacity comes into play the very first day you start the line. The day I set up 
my new plant, I have 18,000-20,000 cubic meters per month immediately available to me. So, 
that is what I am saying is that in the past year, year and a half, we have seen a few big lines 
come online, which is added to the supply side quite drastically, but with the market growing 
at 15% to 20% there is a lag of demand catching up with the available capacities. 
Rishab Bothra 
But what I recall is when I spoke around 2 to 2-1/2 years back, most of the industry players 
including you and others mentioned that this situation will not arise because we have burned 
our fingers in the history because we, sell-side analyst had the same question that a lot of 
supplies are coming up, how will you mitigate the risk? And there was a response from 
everyone that we had burned our fingers in the past and this sort of situation or equation will 
not come up. And we are in the same place now as of now. So, on one hand, wood cost is 
burning us, on the other hand, the supply is burning us and this situation will move to what 
timeframe you think things will turn around? 
V. Venkatramani 
So, if you recall, when a similar situation occurred in 2019, realizations were down by 20% 
whereas, if you see at this point of time, it is possibly down by about 7% to 8% definitely 
different from what it was in the earlier example when we saw prices moving from 26,000 to 
about 20,000. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arul Selvan from Independent Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Arul Selvan 
I just have a couple of questions. The first one is, just a subjective thought, what do you think 
are the opportunities for consolidation in the industry in your opinion? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I don't see that any concrete opportunities at this point of time. 
Arul Selvan 
But is it predominantly because the increased supply that you were alluding to in the previous 
answer has come from organized players, or is it the case that there is a lot of supply coming 
from the unorganized players? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I think, you see, the unorganized players, of course, there is an increase in supply on that side 
as well. No doubt about that. And it won't be correct to say that we are completely insulated 
from the unorganized segment, but at the same time, large capacities have been added by 
the organized players as well. And unfortunately, being a commoditized product segment and 
product differentiation being very difficult in this particular segment, within the organized 
segment market, I think the capacity increase has been much more drastic. Greenply came in 
less than a year ago and Century has just started, so this of course has definitely affected the 
market conditions, especially in the organized segment. 
Arul Selvan 
So, your view is that this competition in the last 1 to 1-1/2 years, this is sort of high amounts 
of competition and the consequent difficulties in the pricing environment have predominantly 

 
Page 9 of 13 
been caused by the organized players rather than the unorganized players. Is that the right 
answer? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I would say so that the organized segment competition is definitely of a bigger concern than 
the unorganized segment and I could probably name the companies where we face 
challenges from that would be Century, that would be Action, that would be GreenPly, and to 
a certain extent, Rushil Decor. These are the five major organized players in the country where 
undercutting is happening. I don't have customers, or I don't have retail partners who are 
quoting me an unorganized player because they know that we don't compete with that 
segment. But if there is a consumer who is telling me that I am being offered a Greenply at 
this price or Century at this price, which generally happens to be the case, then that is where 
the concern arises for me. To a large extent, this is quite similar to the plywood market, for 
example where established players like Greenply and CenturyPly are there, they don't talk 
about competition with the unorganized segment, to be honest with you. 
Arul Selvan 
Now, one more question along this lines is that the proportion of the market being with 
unorganized players, have you seen any reduction in that in the last 1 or 2 years, both on the 
MDF side as well as on the Plywood side? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, you are saying in terms of supply from the unorganized players? 
Arul Selvan 
Yes. 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, I know for the fact that they are facing even bigger challenges than the organized segment. 
At one time, they were refusing to the association to talk to the organized players. They were 
like, we will do what we want to do and you guys do what you want to do, but now the organized 
players are being approached that we should look at price increases, which is a clear sort of 
indication that they have challenges while we are able to withstand this situation. And this 
situation was bound to happen because when timber costs have gone up and they don't have 
the pricing levels like the organized players do, then it is a bigger challenge for them. I also 
know for a fact that certain plants are currently not even operating because they are unable 
to sustain the current timber prices. 
Arul Selvan 
But any number that you have in mind in terms of what the market is with us? 
Shobhan Mittal 
No, unfortunately I don't. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hrishikesh Bhagat from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat 
Can you help explain this improvement in realization on sequential basis on domestic side? 
Small improvement, but somewhere from 29,000 to 29,600 odd what experiences on 
sequential basis compared to Q4? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, this would definitely be on account of the product mix, better value-added products. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat 
And second is on roadmap to improvement of margin to 16%, how much will it be from 
operating leverage and how much do you think pricing will drive if there is anything you can 
guide on that front? 
V. Venkatramani 
At the moment, we are not looking at any price increases. We are rather looking at price 
stability for the current quarter. So, basically it will come from operational leverage and lower 
operating expenses. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat 
And the last two questions are timeline for new capacity remains same or is there any change 
on the timeline? 
V. Venkatramani 
There is no change. 

 
Page 10 of 13 
Hrishikesh Bhagat 
And finally on this, I know we spoke about timber cost, but in the South, I believe we have 
imports option also. Do you feel that imported timber is still expensive and largely it is a freight 
issue or is it that global timber prices are also on the upside? 
Shobhan Mittal 
No, I don’t feel global timber prices are on the upside. Freight is of course a big challenge. 
Timber is so high. So, there are two things. Firstly, majority of the countries do not allow log 
exports unless you are bringing in log from South America which may be suitable for the 
plywood business, but is definitely not suitable for the MDF business, purely because of the 
cost. At the same time, if you start importing chips, then the volume that you can transport as 
chips goes down drastically. So, if you take solid timber, let us say, the per cubic meter density 
of timber is around 600-700 kilos whereas when you start transporting chips, that falls down 
to 150-160 kilos per cubic meter. So, there is a loss of efficiency of the cost of transportation 
increases because of the same volume we are bringing in lesser weight. However, at this point 
of time, imported timber prices are still workable for the paper industry, but for the MDF 
industry, it is not workable at this point of time. We are exploring options from various 
countries. It is something that is constantly on our radar as a company. But as of now, we 
have not ventured into imported chips yet because domestic prices still remain competitive 
after factoring in the freight for the imported chips. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kushagra Bhattar from Old Bridge Capital 
management. Please go ahead. 
Kushagra 
Just two questions, one, on your volume growth expectation of 15%, there are a couple of 
variables there, your new capacity will commercialize somewhere in Q3FY25, peers are 
ramping up the capacity and then you said 0.4 million CBM is coming in FY25 as well. So, the 
question really is to push that incremental 15% volume, would you need to go for more sort of 
pricing cuts which you are saying not but who will absorb those volumes, or you will see that 
inventory buildup, but won't go lower on pricing? There seems to be some mismatch if we can 
sort of clarify that? 
Shobhan Mittal 
On the domestic front, we are already seeing year-on-year improvements in volumes. And we 
have also re-initiated the export model at this point in time, which we had consciously stopped 
towards in the last few quarters because of pricing pressure. We passed on some price cost 
increases on that side. What has come to benefit us is that freight cost from Southeast Asian 
countries to the Middle East increase has been much higher than what it has been from India. 
So, we are able to pass on, let us say, get that benefit on our FOB pricing. So, we foresee that 
there will be some improvement on the export volumes as well. So, at this point of time, we 
are looking at the market scenario, looking at how the domestic volumes are panning out. We 
should be able to achieve that volume growth that we have initially projected. 
Kushagra 
So, if the market overall is seeing capacities, how do you see, who will be the guys who would 
absorb those incremental volumes? The incremental volumes are not only from your side, but 
your peers as well, so the thoughts were more around who will absorb those incremental 
volumes, to sort of support without pricing going down that was the question really? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, you see, one thing to keep in mind is that the new line that we have is going to be 
specialized for thin MDF production. It is a segment that we are not currently very actively 
present in, the 1.9, 2.1, 2.5 millimeter market, which is a huge market and we don't actively 
participate in the market because it is not viable to produce it on larger lines. So, that is 
something that will be an immediate added sort of benefit for us that we will be able to liquidate 
a large quantity of that from an existing network where at the moment they go to other smaller 
players to source. At the same time, the growth that we are projecting is also in line with the 
current market growth that is happening, which is around 15% to 20%. The market is also 
going at that pace. So, everyone is expecting that if the market is going at that and based on 
the last year's level, that much growth should be available for everyone. 
Kushagra 
Second question is more like a data question, if we can call out the profitability either in 
margins or EBITDA per CBM for your basic, which is industrial and commercial and the 
international segment as well? 
V. Venkatramani 
It is not possible to give the margin per cubic meter for industrial and value-added products 
because there is no way we can apportion the overheads on those different product 

 
Page 11 of 13 
categories. So, overall if we look at our MDF business, EBITDA per cubic meter has been 
3,379 per cubic meter for the current quarter. 
Kushagra 
And international if you can call out? 
V. Venkatramani 
It is very marginal. I would say possibly we are doing somewhere between 1% and 2% EBITDA 
on the international business. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balaji Vaidyanath from NAFA Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Balaji Vaidyanath 
If you could throw some light on the international markets, especially the developed 
economies, because a couple of quarters back you had mentioned that capacities that were 
to go to Europe and US got re-routed to India because of the slowdown in those markets. So, 
are we seeing some amount of improvement in those markets is something that I wanted to 
know from your side? 
Shobhan Mittal 
No, on the demand side, I think there is definitely deemed improvements. The biggest 
challenge today is on account of the sea freight. And that is where the challenge lies that 
people are not freely selling to the more lucrative markets because the reason why people 
would import from Southeast Asia would be on a cheaper landed product. But because of the 
freight disturbance, we are not seeing a drastic increase of material being shifted to the 
developed markets because of the current freight scenario. But if you talk specific on the 
demand in those developed markets, demand continues to remain quite robust. We are also 
getting inquiries from countries that we have not even reached at this point of time, but the 
unfortunate situation is that we are not able to cater to them because of the freight scenario. 
Balaji Vaidyanath 
This includes US also? 
Shobhan Mittal 
Yes, we have, in fact, surprisingly got an inquiry from the US as well. But if we choose to 
transport the material from India to the US, I think the freight cost would be higher than the 
product cost. But it is an indication that the demand is good and they are looking for material 
beyond their traditional sort of suppliers. 
Balaji Vaidyanath 
My second question is on the value-added products that we are talking about. So, just wanted 
to understand that as it is we have not mistaken, I think more than 50% of the product portfolio 
is value-added products or some such very high number if my memory serves me right, but it 
hasn't kind of helped us from the point of view of margins. So, is there really sanctity towards 
these value-added products that we are talking about? 
V. Venkatramani 
If you look at the current quarter, the proportion of value-added products was 47% of the 
domestic volumes. And the value-added products have two advantages. One, the realization 
is higher and the operating margins are also higher. So, if you look at the plain category, 
whether it is the industrial or commercial, now we are possibly making 12% margin, a slightly 
lower margin on a realization of approximately 22,700 whereas if you look at the value-added 
category, there is an incremental EBITDA of 3% on a value which is higher by 50%. So, the 
plain category is getting me a realization of around 22,700, my value-added category is getting 
me a realization of 37,500. So, there is definitely significant advantage in increasing the 
proportion of value-added products. And it also insulates me from competition from imports. 
So, those are the two significant advantages in trying to increase the proportion of value-added 
products. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna 
I had a few questions on value addition. I think this is an important point. I wanted to 
understand is what are you exactly doing in value addition? And to the previous participant’s 
question, I think a few questions ago, they are like, how are you going to diversify away from 
MDF? So, my question to you is, in your value addition space, how do you plan to grow low 
pressure laminates into this MDF division that you have? Because you already are making the 

 
Page 12 of 13 
MDF board, then does that come under value addition because that could probably provide 
that volatility in the margin? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, Kaustav, the primary products that fall into, let us say our value-added basket would be 
the HDWR grade, which we call as club grade, the exterior grade to a certain extent, then we 
have the wooden flooring, and then of course is the low-pressure laminate or pre-laminated 
MDF as the industry calls it, in which we are very much already prevalent. We do close to 
about 120,000 sheets per month of that particular product and of course the idea is to bring 
these levels to a much higher number. I think our capacity is almost double of what we are 
currently selling on the low pressure laminate segment. So, when the thin material does 
become available, then there would be an added opportunity because thin MDF with the pre-
lamination is also very big market. So, that would also be something of an added input to the 
value-added segment for us. 
Kaustav Bubna 
And one, this 47% mix of value add  in your domestic realizations, where do you see it going 
in 3 years? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So, this segment for us is growing better than I would say the general market. So, we think 
that this could go up to 60% to 65% over the next 1 to 1-1/2 years, 2 years. 
Kaustav Bubna 
And you said the realization for value add was 37,000 or 47,000, 37,000, right? 
Shobhan Mittal 
37,000. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aasim Bharde from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aasim 
This 15% volume growth expectation for FY25 that you mentioned earlier, does this also 
include exports? 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes, it is a mix of both domestic and exports, and OEMs. 
Aasim 
But if there are exports also and you did talk about that you have re-initiated the export model 
because logistics cost wise we are more competitive. But since EBITDA margins and exports 
are already at breakeven levels, how would the 16% FY25 EBITDA margin come, the targeted 
margin? 
Shobhan Mittal 
See, the majority of the volume growth would have to come from the domestic segment. Now, 
we are targeting volume growth of around 3% to 5% in the export segment and most of the 
volume growth from the domestic segment. 
Aasim 
So, export still in the overall mix would be what? 15%-20% for the year, you probably want to 
restrict it to that level, is it? 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes, I think it should be lower than 20%. 
Aasim 
And second question on the MDF imports, you did talk about the freight cost is about $30 to 
$35 per cubic meter. Can you just tell us what was this level say 2-3 months ago because 
other industries do tell us that freight costs have come up, but at least from your commentary 
it looks like it is not the case or maybe it is not the case in Southeast Asia. So, will you be 
aware what the price was earlier? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I think it used to be around $10 to $12 per cubic meter. 
Aasim 
That was a bit lowest, right, but then in between because freight cost jumped up because of 
the container issue, did it rise higher and then come down to $30 or did it rise at $30 and it 
has stayed there since? 
Shobhan Mittal 
I don't think there has been much correction on the freight in our product segment at least. 

 
Page 13 of 13 
V. Venkatramani 
It doubled in the last year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harsh K Shah from Dalal & Broacha 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Harsh K Shah 
One question from my side, so assuming the current realization as well as timber prices, so 
at what level of capacity utilization do we believe that for the newer plant we could be EBITDA 
positive? 
Shobhan Mittal 
For the new plant, I think around 55% capacity utilization should be EBITDA positive. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti 
Just want to get a clarity on ply volume growth. Earlier you have guided 8%. So, this quarter 
has also been muted. You want to change it? How is it looking? And will this segment hit 
EBITDA positive in upcoming quarter? 
Shobhan Mittal 
At this point of time, I think we would like to maintain the 8% growth that we have initially 
projected. So, we should be EBITDA positive by the end of the year for sure. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Bhavsar from Investec capital Market. 
Please go ahead. 
Parth Bhavsar 
I just had a few book keeping questions. So, the first one is when you mentioned what is the 
share of value-added products in terms of value, I guess in terms of volume it is 47, what is in 
terms of value? 
V. Venkatramani 
In terms of value, it would be 59%. 
Parth Bhavsar 
And the other thing you mentioned that our exports margin would be in the range of 1% to 2%. 
Is that correct? 
V. Venkatramani 
Correct. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Shobhan Mittal 
We thank everyone for joining this call. We look forward to speaking to everyone in the next 
quarter. If anyone has any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us 
and we wish everyone a very good evening. Thank you. 
V. Venkatramani 
Thank you for your participation. 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of Greenpanel Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. 
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of 
the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
  
