                   FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited  
 
 
Registered Office: 104 Vasan Udyog Bhavan | Sun Mill Compound | S. B. Marg | Tulsi Pipe Road | Lower Parel (W) | Mumbai – 400013 
 
Website: www.nykaa.com | Phone: +91 22 6838 9616 | Email – companysecretary@nykaa.com  
CIN: L52600MH2012PLC230136 
 
August 21, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
Symbol: NYKAA 
BSE Limited 
 
Scrip Code: 543384 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call for analyst/institutional investors for discussing 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2024 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst / Investor Conference Call held on Tuesday, August 
13, 2024 with regard to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 
This intimation is being submitted pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
Neelabja Chakrabarty 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
NEELABJA 
CHAKRABARTY
Digitally signed by 
NEELABJA CHAKRABARTY 
Date: 2024.08.21 13:08:43 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
Q1 FY '25 Results Conference Call” 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. FALGUNI NAYAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON – 
MD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – FSN E-
COMMERCE VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
 
 
MR. ANCHIT NAYAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BEAUTY E-COMMERCE – 
FSN E-COMMERCE VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
 
 
MR. NIHIR PARIKH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
NYKAAFASHION.COM – FSN E-COMMERCE VENTURES 
LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
 
 
MR. VISHAL GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
NYKAA DISTRIBUTION – FSN E-COMMERCE 
VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
 
 
MR. P. GANESH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – FSN 
E-COMMERCE VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, everyone. This is Michelle from Chorus Call. Welcome to FSN E-Commerce 
Ventures Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings Call. From the management at Nykaa, we have  
1. 
Mrs. Falguni Nayar, Executive Chairperson, MD and CEO 
2. 
Mr. Anchit Nayar, Executive Director and CEO, Beauty E-Commerce 
3. 
Mr. Nihir Parikh, CEO, NykaaFashion.com 
4. 
Mr. Vishal Gupta, CEO, Nykaa Distribution 
5. 
Mr. P. Ganesh, Chief Financial Officer 
 
Before we start, we would like to point out that some of the statements made in today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for investors and analysts only. By participating in this event, 
you consent to such recording, distribution and publication. All participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
from management concludes. 
 
With that, over to you, Mrs. Falguni Nayar for opening remarks. Thank you. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you very much, Michelle. And I'm delighted to be here amongst all of the investors who 
are joining us on the call today, and happy to be presenting the investor results quarter ended 
June 2024. 
 
I'll start with the performance highlights for the consolidated business. Really happy to say that 
the GMV has come out at INR 3,321 crores, which is a 25% year-on-year growth followed by 
revenue from operations growing at a similar percentage of 23% year-on-year and represented 
at INR 1,746 crores. Gross profit has come out at INR 756 crores, similar year-on-year growth 
and EBITDA stands at INR 96 crores, which represents about 5.5% EBITDA margins. It's an 
improvement over previous year with 31% growth in EBITDA. 
 
And we have been pointing out the adjusted EBITDA in more recent quarters only because on a 
year-on-year comparison, we did not have the GCC business a year ago. And also there were 
some organizational restructuring expenses. So corrected for that, the adjusted EBITDA stands 
at INR 109 crores, which is a 44% year-on-year growth and adjusted EBITDA margin would be 
at 6.2%, which would be a 90-basis point improvement over the previous year. 
 
On the PBT, thanks to the restructuring and the risk measures taken, the PBT is at about INR 22 
crores, which is a 127% year-on-year growth and PBT margin of 1.3%, and the PAT is at INR 
13.6 crores, which is 150% year-on-year improvement. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
 
Next. Diving deeper, the Beauty business for the quarter grew at 28% year-on-year. And this is 
on the GMV basis. And even on the net revenue basis, the growth has come out at 23% year-on-
year. Throughout the year, most of you have been observing that the industry has seen higher 
discounts from various brands that are traded on our platform. And hence, there's been a little 
bit of a gap between the GMV and the Net Revenue growth. However, this trend started about a 
year ago and we are now at the end of the cycle where hopefully from here the GMV and the 
Net Revenue growth will be similar. 
 
On the Fashion side, similarly, the GMV growth was at 15% year-on-year. However, the Net 
Revenue growth was stronger at 21% year-on-year with the Net Revenue at INR 149 crores, and 
that represents improvement in some of the shrinkages and other factors that will be shared with 
you as we dive deeper into the presentation. 
 
Next. So I think the key highlight for the quarter is that Nykaa continues to build its customer 
base. Now our cumulative customer base stands at 35 million, which is a 33% year-on-year 
growth. And brand partners on all our platforms, if you were to see, we deal now with 6,700 
plus brands, both global and domestic brands. And we have added more than 1,500 brands in 
the last one year alone. 
 
The beauty store network now stands at 200 strong, and this is an important milestone at 200 
stores in our network. And this is one of the largest network of beauty stores in the country. On 
the fulfillment side, we now have 44 warehouses, servicing 98% of pincodes, and we are 
investing in faster delivery in top cities, as you will see in later part of our presentation. 
 
On the content, we continue to drive harder with 1 billion reach for our content created through 
multiple IPs, which we've been adding to our library. On the category creation through Nykaa 
Play and Stepification have also taken center stage this year with a lot of work being done in 
that area. 
 
We are happy that now our consolidated GMV is a solid $400 million in this first quarter alone. 
And obviously, you are aware that it comes through four platforms that we have, which is 
Nykaa.com, Nykaa Fashion, Nykaa Man, Superstore on the digital side, and then, of course, 
physical stores on the Beauty side. 
 
Next, I'll now pass on to Beauty Multi Brand Retail, and I would request Anchit to take us 
through that. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. Thank you so much. So moving on to the first slide. I think we covered the revenue growth 
as well as the total revenue for the business in previous slides. So, I'll spend a few minutes on 
some of the key achievements for the Beauty Multi Brand Retail business this quarter. 
 
First and foremost was the significant growth in new customer acquisition. We delivered a 27% 
growth year-over-year. In terms of annual unique transacting customers, this grew at 21% taking 
us to 13.1 million unique transacting customers for the year. And the number of orders that were 
placed on the platform for the quarter was about 12.4 million orders, which is a 26% growth 
year-over-year. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
So in the first part of the business, I'll spend a minute on has been the continued focus on 
improving and growing the assortment of brands which we have on the platform. And as you 
can see, in a period of just three months [AMJ’24], we managed to add a significant number of 
brands, both global and domestic to the Beauty platform. And these brands are across categories, 
whether it'd be colour cosmetics, skincare or haircare. And this goes to show you that Nykaa 
continues to be the retailer of choice for both domestic and international brands. 
 
So despite our scale and already having a significant number of brands in the platform, we 
continue to identify new opportunities, both in India and abroad to continue to strengthen the 
assortment of the platform. 
 
Next slide, please. One of the key initiatives that I've spoken about in the past has been the focus 
of Nykaa to increase the number of categories within the beauty and personal care space that we 
are addressing and that we are taking meaningful market share in. So as you may know, makeup 
and skincare are two of the core categories to our beauty play historically, and they have served 
us well in terms of growth and they continue to do so. 
 
However, we believe that fragrance is the third pillar in any specialty beauty play globally, and 
this has been a big focus of ours over the past 12 months. And you can see that it's paying rich 
dividends. Our prestige fragrance category has grown at over 74% year-over-year in Q1FY ‘25 
 
In terms of the types of brands which we are retailing on the platform, it's the luxury fragrance 
brands, including Burberry, Dior, Estee Lauder, Jo Malone, Tom Ford, etcetera, and many more 
in the pipeline. With regards to our market share in the fragrance category in the country, we 
believe that our market share on the prestige side is roughly 13% in FY ‘24, and this has been a 
300 basis point improvement over FY '23, and that will continue to improve in FY '25 as we 
enter as we have just begun in the first quarter of the year. We believe this will continue to 
increase. So we're managing to sell more categories to our existing customers, which increases 
the basket size as well as the annual consumption value of our existing customers. 
 
Next slide, please. So I spoke a little bit about how we are working on increasing our category 
with and selling more categories within beauty. Another big focus of ours has been going deeper 
within existing categories and selling a wider basket from within existing core categories. And 
I have highlighted in the past, Nykaa's initiatives around skincare, which was our CSMS 
program, where we created India's first skincare routine called I-Beauty, and it was a first step 
routine, cleanser, serum, moisturizer and sunscreen. 
 
We did a lot of commercial activations around a lot of education and awareness across content 
channels as well. And we've seen that it has played rich dividends. So in skincare, we have 
CSMS, in makeup, we have something called Prep Cover Set. And in haircare, we have Healthy 
Hair Habits which consists of treat, wash and nourish. 
 
So by driving a focus on specification of beauty, we are managing to increase customer 
awareness for the depth of each of these core categories and resulting in significant growth for 
these subcategories that are now at the forefront of our educational and commercial initiatives. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
So, you can see some early results. Sunscreen, which is a subcategory that is part of our CSMS 
routine has grown at 1.3x, the category growth of skincare, setting spray, which is part of our 
makeup routine that we've been pushing has also grown 70% faster than the rest of the colour 
cosmetics category and hair serum, which is an important part of the treat, wash, nourish routine 
has grown at 2.6x the category growth. So we are seeing that our ability to actually drive 
meaningful revenue growth in subcategories, which we take up as a major focus area for the 
business has now been proven out. 
 
Next slide, please. So as I said last quarter, we spoke about CSMS. So this quarter, we're just 
giving you some colour on the Healthy Hair Habits campaign, which we kicked off in a very big 
way across on platform as well as off-platform. The objective of Healthy Hair Habits was to 
drive the Stepification by empowering consumers with a haircare routine, and to really drive 
education about highly efficacious solutions that can help solve specific hair concerns. 
 
So you can see some of the work that we did on platform and off platform, content-heavy 
education-led, delivering almost 290 million impressions, which is quite significant. And as I 
alluded to earlier, this has resulted in commercial impact as well. Both hair serum and hair masks 
are growing at 60% and 32%, respectively, which is faster than the hair category growth. We're 
also seeing customer growth in our hair category of about 24% versus BAU. 
 
Next slide, please. So now coming to our content play because we've always spoken about the 
importance of content to commerce. We have a feature that we have relaunched that is called 
Nykaa Play, and this is an incredibly immersive gamified shoppable content feed that exists on 
our app and consumers can watch live streams, they can play games, they can interact with 
influencers. And of course, they can shop. So this is what we call as live commerce, and this is 
content-led commerce, and this has been a very strong initiative from our side this past quarter. 
 
Two big impacts it has. One is, of course, it leads to improved product discovery and 
consideration, especially for more sophisticated products. Secondly, it's a big driver for building 
engagement and to increase the number of visits per visitor as well as the time spent on the app. 
And you can see that Nykaa Play's relaunch has led to a 35% higher cart addition by those who 
are actually actively using the Nykaa Play feature on the app versus those who are not, and also 
30% higher visits per visitor of those who are actively using and engaging with Nykaa Play. So 
we're really leveraging Nykaa Play to drive customer engagement, improving the purchase 
frequency and also improving the retention on the platform. 
 
Now coming to our physical retail business. As you can see and as was mentioned earlier in the 
call, we have now achieved an important milestone in our store expansion plan. We currently 
have 200 stores across the country. Today, we have 200 stores across 72 cities, and we covered 
a total retail l area of about 1.9 lakh square feet, which has doubled what it was just 2 years ago. 
 
If you look at the bar chart on the top right, you see that it took us about 8 years to build our first 
100 stores. And we've managed to build the next 100 stores in just about 2 years. So massive 
acceleration in our physical store rollout. That business is definitely proving to be incredibly 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
valuable, not just in terms of the revenue that it's driving, but also in terms of the network effects 
that it's having on our e-commerce business and the positive flywheel that it is creating. 
 
So this business has grown in terms of footprint, it's doubled in a matter of 2 years, but even in 
terms of revenue growth, this business has grown at about 70% over the last 3 years. And today, 
it contributes to roughly 8% of our omnichannel beauty GMV. As I've said in the past, the reality 
is that, in physical retail, we can have maximum 80 to 100 brands, whereas online, we've got 
3,600 plus brands. 
 
So it's not really apples-to-apples. But for the brands who are present across both online and off-
line, the physical retail channel is a very large and meaningful part of their total business on 
Nykaa. 
 
So just a few examples of some of the stores we've opened this past quarter. One store was 
opened in Dehradun, the other one in Jaipur and these are images of those stores for Nykaa Luxe. 
The Nykaa On Trend, we opened a store in Amritsar as well as Rourkela. Again, these are just 
a few examples. 
 
We see our physical retail stores play a very important role in what we call as services and 
customer engagement. So our stores serve as a hub for a lot of brands to actually engage and 
interact with our consumers through experiences and events. As you can see in Q1, FY '25, we 
hosted 10 prestige brand events in our stores as well as 60 master classes that were held across 
our stores as well as in the atriums of the malls where we are present. So we managed to host 
over 70 events across 30 cities in the last 3 months. and we have over 7,000 customers who 
register to attend these events in-person across the last 3 months. 
 
So moving on from physical retail and coming to the technology part of our e-commerce 
business. We have invested heavily in what we call as personalization. It's been something, 
again, that we've spoken about in the past, and you can see that it is now active on the platform, 
and it is bearing fruit. Just a couple of examples of how we're using personalization to deliver a 
very specific and relevant experience to our consumers. 
 
On the left side, you'll see we have now something called cohort-based discovery live, whereby 
customers who showed a propensity to buy luxury products, get shown a higher share of luxury 
brands on their home feed and vice versa, those who have less propensity luxury, see more mass 
and masstige brands and curations. What we're seeing is that from even this very, very basic 
high-level personalization work that we've done, we've already absorbed higher click-through 
rates impressions and an increase in our share of business coming from luxury brands. 
 
Second, we've also launched a hyper personalized collection widget that's called explore you 
favourite brands. And this is hyper personalized using the user's brand as well as category 
affinity. Affinity is derived from the user's past interactions with the site. So the kind of products 
that they viewed in the past, the cart additions that they've done, the searches they've made on 
our platform all gets fit into an algorithm that helps us to really surface the relevant SKUs to the 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
relevant consumers. This, of course, already has proven to be a big driver for both product 
discovery as well as conversion. 
 
Finally, I spoke about Stepification of beauty in the previous slides, how we're using content to 
really improve the education and the awareness for Stepification of beauty that will help us drive 
deeper penetration within existing categories. We've also paired this with technological 
improvements that have allowed us to drive our Stepification objective on the site as well 
through recommendation widget. 
 
So again, basis, the kind of products you're adding to cart, we're able to recommend similar 
adjacent products that would help you complete that particular routine, which we're trying to 
build. So this, of course, should drive higher ABS, average basket size, as well as higher average 
order values over time. So those are just a couple of the examples of some of the early 
personalization campaigns, which we've got on the platform, and I think you'll see many more 
to come. 
 
Next, please. Now spending a minute on our supply chain and warehouse capabilities. We've 
increased the number of our warehouses by almost 2.4x in the last three years. So from 18 
warehouses in FY '21 to 44 warehouses in Q1 of this year. Capacity has also increased in a very 
similar amount, 2.5x. And today, we have over 1.5 million square feet of warehouse capacity. 
And this regionalization strategy of getting our warehouses closer to the consumer has allowed 
us to significantly improve our order to delivery time lines. 
 
So in FY '21, on average, our order to delivery timelines are close to four days. Today, we have 
reduced that drastically, whereby the average order to delivery time line on our platform across 
all 19,000 pincodes across the length and breadth of India is now 2.2 days. So a 45% reduction 
in our O2Ds in the past three years, and large part driven by this investment in warehouse 
regionalization that we've done over the past few years. 
 
Yes. So in continuation with our objective, our key objective to deliver a better consumer 
experience through reducing our order to delivery time lines and getting the product into the 
consumers' hands faster. I wanted to just share with you that as of today, as of the end of Q1 FY 
'25, 50% of all orders that are placed on the Nykaa app from the 12 major metro cities are being 
delivered either same day or next day. For us, 50% of our total orders comes from these top 12 
metros and therefore, 25% of total orders placed on Nykaa are being delivered already same day 
or next day. 
 
Now given a lot of the investments we've made behind improving this even more than where it 
has improved to today. We are happy to also share with you that we expect by September of this 
year, that close to 70% to 80% of all orders from the top 12 metros and cities in India will be 
fulfilled same day or next day, and about 50% of the orders from the next 110, 112 cities in the 
country will be 50% of those orders will be fulfilled same day or next day. So 65% of our order 
volume comes from these top 120 cities and the weighted average will take us to about 50% of 
all orders placed anywhere in India will be delivered same day or next day by September 2024. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
 
Next slide, please. And with that, I'll hand it over to Nihir to take you through the Fashion 
segment. 
Nihir Parikh: 
Yes, thanks. So on Fashion, we see the market has been a little subdued in terms of this particular 
quarter in general retail. The other key thing which happens in this quarter is Indian wear as a 
category has no festivals and Indian wear is an anchor category for us. So this quarter tends to 
have slightly lower growth than what we end up seeing in all other quarters with respect to Indian 
wear. 
 
So with that backdrop, we had a 15% growth in GMV as well as a 21% growth in revenue. The 
higher revenue growth compared to GMV is a function of better quality of business, which 
basically means we have lesser RTOs and leakages. So the leakage is improved, allowing us to 
convert to revenue in a better way. Additionally, our service-related incomes and fees have gone 
up. 
 
The categories which have grown is something we've been talking about the last few quarters, 
our anchor categories around women's western wear, which has beaten platform growth and has 
grown at 34% year-on-year. Lingerie and other anchor categories have grown at 54% for us. 
And women's athleisure, which is an international trend, is really tracking well for us and has 
grown by about 100% plus. This is supported by amazing new innovation from the many brands 
we work with and their brand partners as well as a conservative strategy at our end to build this 
category with consumers. 
 
Next slide. So again, within a positioning perspective, we've spoken about key properties that 
we have built. One of the newer ones is the Luxe store. We realize there's an opportunity for us 
to extend into Indian wear Luxe and double down on that. So what we've done is over the last 6 
months, we've onboarded 200-plus brands in this category alone. And we've accelerated our 
consumer conversations, accelerated targeting of consumers within this category. 
 
So this is early days in terms of where this business is going to go and the Luxe edit, as we call 
it on our site, is going to grow, but it's a promising new vertical that's been added to our key 
conversations that we have with our consumers. 
 
Hidden gems have grown 21% YoY. This again where we travel the country. We pick amazing 
brands in India, handpick them and bring them to our site and put them under hidden gems 
portfolio. We've got now a total of 300-plus brands, and that's grown about 21% year-on-year. 
 
Our First in Fashion newness and being First in Fashion is something which has been extremely 
core to our USP and our ethos. We've seen a 37% GMV growth year-on-year of these new 
launches that all the brands in the country have done and its contribution to our total GMV was 
24% in this quarter. Again, this is higher than it was last year. Last year, again, cementing our 
belief in creating newness conversation and excitement in fashion as a category. 
 
And as we grew this business this quarter, the quality of business overall has continued to 
improve, and these are some super quality metrics. We look at the GMV share from Tier 1, we've 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
increased that by a couple of percentage. We get GMV share from premium shoppers that has 
increased significantly from 36% to 44% last year to this year. 
 
On leakages, which we spoke a little bit about, which is cancellations, RTOs have improved by 
about 10% year-on-year, allowing us to drive better quality business. And our order to visitor 
conversions has increased from 2.5% to 3%. So again, a strong focus on doing good quality 
business and bringing in amazing customers to our platform has been a concerted effort, and we 
continue doubling down on that strategy. 
 
We spoke a little bit about in the Investor Annual Day about our four Stay Stylish campaigns. 
So this is again, taking our First in Fashion and style as an anchor. Stay Stylish is our tagline, 
Nykaa Fashion's tagline. And we created four films along with Janhvi Kapoor and a few other 
very, very strong and well known influencers. And this went live last month, and we had about 
1.5 months ago, with amazing traction, amazing feedback from our consumers and amazing 
reach. Our view through rates were also very high. 
 
We also translated this same conversation from a marketing or a branding perspective all the 
way through to revenue, which you can see as an effect, which I showed you earlier, our First in 
Fashion percentage of revenue this quarter was higher than we've seen last year. And this is also 
one of the reasons we've driven this growth for First in Fashion and the branding and the love 
for Nykaa Fashion and Stay Stylish positioning. 
 
Next please. So from a financial perspective, we've had overall a significant improvement in 
EBITDA margin. We've had overall about ~500 bps improvement in EBITDA. I will walk you 
through the key drivers of that. One is gross margin. Over the last year, every quarter, we've 
been pushing our gross margin up. Very strong support from our brand partners and the value 
our platform brings from a marketing income perspective and other service-related income from 
partners. 
 
Additionally, we've also had a few platform fees which we charge consumers at checkout. So 
some of all of these have led to a good solid gross margin improvement, which has really helped 
us. Our fulfillment expenses have reduced by about 167 bps, this is again a concerted effort 
where we've been working on optimizing delivery from certain legs from air to land, faster 
deliveries, which has also reduced leakages, which we spoke about earlier, reduce RTO, has also 
reduced fulfillment expenses. So all moving again in the right direction. 
 
The marketing expenses improved by about 101 bps. Again, this is based on the better or repeat 
customer ratio and better quality of business that we are doing and reducing some traffic, which 
we believe we were spending on earlier, which we don't need to. And the conversions have gone 
up, which has really helped marketing improvement.  
The overall contribution margin improvement to 10.1% or 587 bps improvement. We also took 
this opportunity to invest in people and technology, which has been done. And as we scale 
through the rest of the year, this investment is going to play out in a nice way for us. But still 
with a very healthy ~500 bps improvement overall for the quarter at EBITDA level. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
 
I'm handing over to Vishal. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Thanks, Nihir. Hello, everyone. Very happy to share with you that we had another outstanding 
quarter for the eB2B business, where we continue to scale up our business with top line growth 
as well as improvement in the unit economics of the business. As you can see from this chart, 
year-on-year, we have grown 72% in Q1 this year and which is actually a 4x growth in just 2 
years if you compare the same quarter 2 years ago.  
And this has come through our increase in scale. You can see that transacting retailers have gone 
up by 5x in 2 years and a 65% growth year-on-year. We now have 210,000 transacting retailers 
and we serve now 1,000-plus cities, so we are really scaling up this business very well. 
 
Next slide. And you can see that we are not only growing by scaling up, but we are also very 
mindful of the quality of the orders. So in terms of absolute orders, we did almost 400,000, 
383,000 which is a 45% growth year-on-year. But we also increased the average order value of 
each order because that has a significant impact on our unit economics with more products being 
sold per order.  
Also, we are very mindful of the quality of each order. So consistently, we are increasing the 
share of premium brands and what we call featured brands, which are high-margin brands so 
that we drive our gross margin via mix. Yes, and you can see that from the next slide. 
 
Yes. Next slide. Yes. So you can see here, right, that our gross margin improved by 274 bps, 
which is driven by a couple of things. As we get more scale with more transacting retailers, we 
actually become more and more important to our brand partners, and we get more ad income, 
right, so which has gone up quite a bit, and we get a lot of improvement in gross margin via 
brand mix because those ad incomes and our recommendation engine actually helps the retailers 
discover new D2C brands, which are more profitable for us and higher margin categories. 
 
So very good improvement in gross margin via mix as well as very high improvement in 
fulfillment cost and logistics cost as we move away from 3P to own warehouses, we are very 
careful in terms of opening new warehouses so that every warehouse, in overall, we are about 
80% plus kind of utilization of warehouse space, so and a constant focus on reducing our 
packaging costs. 
 
So overall, you can see that our contribution margin improved by 520 bps year-on-year. So net-
net, a great quarter for Superstore with continuous increase in scale and unit economics 
improvement. We are well on our journey of breakeven in terms of long-term plan. Thanks. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you, Vishal. I'll now go and take this on behalf of Adwaita, our Nykaa's House of Brands. 
So just really happy to share that many of our high-growth brands continue to scale well, and 
we try to show a 2-year trend here so that you can see that it's done very well over a 2-year 
period also. So, Dot & Key, which was just about INR 90 crores revenue run rate, GMV run rate 
brand in first quarter of '23 has ended first quarter of '25 at INR 750 crores, and that's 8.3x over 
2-year journey. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
 
Kay Beauty, which was around INR 100 crores, about first quarter of '23 has grown 1.6x to end 
at around INR 160 crores plus. And NYKD, which was at about INR 65 crores in quarter 1 of 
'23 has grown 2.5x to end at INR 160 crores. Another emerging brand, KICA also seeing a lot 
of momentum, and it has grown 6.6x to end the first quarter revenue at INR 20 crores. Just to 
remind you that KICA was acquired in April '22. 
 
Moving on, trying to explain on the composition of our various brands, and this slide doesn't 
reflect all our brands. But we have a bunch of high growth brands in our portfolio where we are 
trying to maintain the momentum and investing in marketing and offline expansion to continue 
to grow these brands.  
Then we have mature brands in our portfolio, Nykaa Cosmetics, Twenty Dresses and RSVP on 
the fashion side. They are very large brands on our platform and outside the platform and we are 
trying to accelerate growth and revamp the innovation funnel of these brands so that we can push 
for higher growth in these mature brands. 
 
And finally, there are many small brands with high potential. On the beauty side, it's the 
Wanderlust, which is our Bath & Body range. You've heard many times about it. Nykaa 
Perfumery is growing very well at the moment, albeit on a medium base. And Nykaa Naturals 
where, again, a lot of innovation being brought in. 
 
Similarly, on the fashion side, it's Likha and Gajra Gang, the entire Indian wear category, ethnic 
wear category. And also MIXT, which is our Gen Z brand. We are driving awareness and brand 
building and category and assortment depth to further fuel the growth in these brands. 
 
Next, this quarter also saw a lot of innovation, I think, for brands to do well. Innovation is key, 
and the quarter saw a lot of innovation with our Nykaa Cosmetics launching lip glaze, a new lip 
formulation driving 2x the category for the brand. Similarly, Kay Beauty introduced liquid 
highlighter, which ranked fourth on the highlighters as the top variant. And this liquid highlighter 
collection was a blockbuster success. 
 
Dot & Key introduced their sunscreens, innovative product formats to increase category depth. 
And Dot & Key enjoys the top 3 sunscreen brand across all the marketplaces. 
 
On the Wanderlust side, we've introduced new dreaming of Paris range, an exciting range 
introduced at the right time Paris Olympics, and this was a new Bath & Body range that is really 
getting a lot of momentum and innovative packaging and design. 
 
On the Kay Beauty, just to talk a little bit about the case study on foundation marketing. At any 
launch, we do a lot of marketing, almost 40 million impressions were generated. And this 
particular product achieved 2x faster growth than the category. And in fact, ended up being 10% 
contribution to Kay Beauty GMV for the first quarter and a lot of very interesting content 
delivered through Katrina and then also the influencers. 
 
Next. So I think overall, we are really pleased that our Beauty House of Brands, which is the 
entire bunch of beauty brands that we own, are growing at 47% year-on-year growth. And this 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
has been fantastic, and it's also come in a very balanced way where the growth is coming, not 
just on Nykaa's online and store platform, but also beyond that, the growth is coming through 
GT/MT as well as other platforms. Other platforms don't contribute meaningfully, but many of 
these brands are also listed on other platforms sometimes. 
 
Next. On the Fashion, it's a similar story. I think though the growth has been subdued and fashion 
brands have been subdued. However, this is due to channel degrowth in 3P channels where we're 
degrown at 14% year-on-year. However, this is compensated by the GMV growth and Nykaa 
Fashion platform where they grew 10%. Again, I think this performance is a bit disappointing. 
I wouldn't read into it as a long-term trend and efforts are on to increase the innovation and 
performance of the fashion owned brands. 
 
Next. I think we also today announced that we have expanded our stake in Dot & Key now to 
90%. Just to remind all of you that Dot & Key is a differentiated skincare solution brand that is 
effective, safe and fun to use. It was established in June 2018 and has been profitable since fourth 
quarter of 2023. Nykaa acquired 51% stake in Dot & Key in September '21.  
And since then, we have been together both the founders and Nykaa have been growing the 
brand at a fantastic pace where, in fact, by financial year '24, it had grown 9x from 3 years earlier. 
So 9x growth over 3 years. And this growth continues to accelerate.  
And if you were to look at quarter 1 of financial '25, the GMV is now at annualized run rate of 
INR 750 crores. So, this has been a fantastic investment by Nykaa, and Nykaa has decided to go 
ahead and acquire additional 39% stake at a cost of INR 265 crores for 39% stake. 
 
Next. So what we like about Dot & Key, it has differentiated assortment, like water light vitamin 
C sunscreen, SPF-based lip balm, cooling watermelon sunscreen. It also has clutter-breaking 
packaging, unique and patented, hat-capped packaging has become a standout feature in the 
market, drawing attention and fostering brand loyalty.  
And finally, we also tend to focus on four categories like sunscreen and moisturizers, which 
considered a very large part of the skincare category. So this gives presence to Nykaa in some 
very important categories. 
 
Next. And Dot & Key has also invested in innovation and R&D capability of their own, 28 new 
SKUs were created by this team in the financial year '24 alone, and they count for 30% of NSV 
for the brand. And this is a rigorous and agile NPD process, very well defined and structured 
process. In fact, just to give an example, 62 trials of sunstick were done before a final product 
was delivered. There is that type of passion that the team has shown in trying to get the product 
right. And also a lot of agility and innovation. They were the first to launch barrier repair range. 
 
And this, as a result, we enjoy a lot of brand love average rating of 4.4 to 5 on Nykaa platforms 
with 35,000 reviews and 85% of reviews are positive. Most of our reviews are on product quality 
and innovative packaging, and most reviewed products are moisturizer, sunscreen and face 
wash. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
 
On the customer perception, we are aware that this brand retains 45% to 50% of their customer. 
This is based on their own website data as well as Nykaa platform, and it's a very exciting number 
from a customer retention perspective. And also, a lot of social engagement through Instagram 
followers of 372,000 and very high engagement rate and organic traffic to the website is almost 
70%. Proof of the pudding that it's a well-loved customer brand. 
 
Next. Nykaa is also acquiring majority stake in Earth Rhythm as announced today. Earth Rhythm 
is a D2C new age brand specializing in skincare, makeup, haircare, and bath and body products. 
Quite a wide range. They were established in 2019, and they have about 250 SKU. But this 
comes from a philosophy that they want to be a sustainable clean brand, and I'll talk more about 
it later. 
 
Nykaa took a minority stake in Earth Rhythm of 18.57% in April of 2022. And today, we've 
announced acquiring a majority stake in the company. The GMV of this brand has, of course, 
grown 8x over the last 3 years, but albeit from a very small base. So, it's not as meaningful as 
when you grow similarly when you are larger. But hopefully, the same growth momentum 
continues. In the quarter 1 of FY25, if you were to analyze the GMV comes out at INR 55 crores. 
 
Next. So what we like about this brand is it has a very differentiated positioning. It's sustainable 
and inclusive. It's certified organic plant-based, 99% plastic free. It's good for you and good for 
the Earth. Earth Rhythm isn't just their name, but it's a commitment to producing the purest 
healthiest products and educating everyone on why being Earth conscious is so important. And 
that's what we like about the positioning of this brand. They have innovative shampoo and 
conditioner bar solution, which is eco-friendly packaging, design using recyclable materials. But 
what is more important is that lower water consumption because of the production and 
application format that it uses. 
 
Similarly, they have a lot of reusable accessories, including reusable makeup accessory so that 
we can reduce wastages. It's also inclusive and gender-neutral brand ethos across all skin tone, 
age and gender. This gender-neutral and highly inclusive and diverse communication. You can 
see all of the certified, cruelty free, all of the advantages it offers to the planet conscious 
customer. 
 
On the R&D side, again, this is a fantastic company from an R&D perspective, 50% plus 
innovation in financial year '24 through 15 new SKUs that were brought out by the team. And 
in-house testing and stability studies enable to save costs and give high-quality formulation. 
They also have many first in their repertoire. It's India's first water-free sunspray, also first to 
launch breakthrough products such as gel to milk series as well as phyto series. So very 
innovative products the brand is able to bring about. But yes, I think the brand’s true might in 
terms of distribution performance and marketing is not yet into the brand. And I think with the 
ownership by Nykaa, I think many of these will follow. 
 
Next. On the financial performance slide, I now request Ganesh to come in. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
P. Ganesh: 
Thank you, Falguni, and good evening, everyone. I'd like to walk you through the financial 
highlights for the quarter. So as we can see for the quarter, GMV grew well at 25% with Beauty 
growing at 28% and Fashion growing 15%. In terms of revenue growth, it came in at 23%, which 
is in line with the 2-year CAGR.  
As far as EBITDA is concerned, EBITDA margins expanded by 30 basis points during the 
quarter with a higher than revenue growth of 31%. And as Falguni mentioned, we do have the 
GCC expenses and a few restructuring expenses, which are not there in the base. So if we were 
to normalize for the same, then the EBITDA expansion is much higher at 90 basis points. 
 
Going to the next slide. This is a summary of the P&L. And as we can see, there is a reflection 
of the strong growth, both in terms of top line as well as in terms of bottom line. Going ahead. 
Now let's turn to the vertical performance. Starting this quarter, as you are aware, we are 
commencing vertical-wise segment reporting.  
So the Beauty vertical now additionally includes our eB2B distribution business, which Vishal 
covered, as also the Grooming business of Nykaa Man. The fashion vertical now additionally 
includes the Lifestyle business of Nykaa Man and also our content platform, LBB. The others 
vertical is mainly comprised of our newer businesses, which is our GCC business at this point 
in time. 
 
We have also shown the data for FY '24 on this revised segmental reporting basis at our Investor 
Day as well. So we have also provided the last 4 quarters vertical reporting as per this new 
definition as part of the annexure to the investor deck so that the comparability of numbers and 
how the quarterly numbers as per the new definition would have been last year is readily 
available. 
 
Yes. We'll now spend some time looking at some of the key highlights of the vertical reporting. 
We can go to the next slide for that. So as we can see on an overall basis, our gross margins 
improved by 48 basis points Y-o-Y. While gross margins in BPC remained largely steady. Our 
fashion gross margins in Q1 improved by 360 basis points on a Y-o-Y basis, primarily driven 
by higher marketing and servicing income. 
 
On the expense front, our marketing expenses were up by 31 basis points, primarily in BPC as 
we continue to focus on new customer acquisition through strong marketing campaigns. Fashion 
marketing expenses improved Y-o-Y due to better customer mix and conversion. 
 
Selling and distribution expenses were up by 44 basis points with increased share of eB2B 
business as well as own brands expansion on third-party channels. This led to a marginal increase 
in S&D expenses in BPC. And as far as fashion S&D expenses are concerned, this showed a 
marginal increase due to NYKD EBO expansion.  
Fulfillment expenses for fashion came in lower with a 160-basis points improvement Y-o-Y on 
account of better control on leakages, reduced air shipments, etcetera. As a result of scale 
efficiencies and cost optimization, we have seen improvement in other expenses to the tune of 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
86 basis points, mostly driven by BPC. While in Fashion, we continue to invest both in tech as 
well as in terms of employees. 
 
Moving to the next slide. What we can see over here is our sustained focus on efficient capital 
utilization. It continues to deliver strong results. So as we can see, whether it is in terms of fixed 
assets turnover ratio, which has improved from 9.1x last year to 10.3x in the first quarter this 
year.  
Similarly, working capital days have continued to steadily improve over time. Similarly, we can 
also see improvement in ROCE, which has also started coming in on a consistent basis. I'd like 
to just highlight that as far as fixed assets turnover or ROCE for the quarter 1 are concerned, 
these are annualized numbers. 
 
Moving ahead. This slide gives you a snapshot of the restructuring initiatives as well as the 
recent acquisitions that Falguni spoke about. So to streamline and consolidate owned brands 
business in a single entity, FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited, which is the parent company, 
the listed entity, completed the acquisition of western wear and accessories business from Nykaa 
Fashion by a slump sale in quarter 1 FY '25.  
And the Board of Directors at its meeting held today has also approved acquisition of further 
stake in Dot & Key, which will take our stake to 90% as well as in Earth Rhythm, which will 
make it a subsidiary of the company, both of which were covered by Falguni in her address. 
 
With that, yes, the floor is open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Ganesh. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you would like 
to ask a video question, please click on the ask a question tab and separately you can also type 
in your questions in the textbox mentioned below the video player. Before asking the question 
to the management, please introduce yourself, providing your name and your organization. If 
possible, you may switch on your video as well. Please limit yourself to a maximum of two 
questions, so that we can accommodate as many as possible. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Falguni Nayar: 
So, Michelle, are you seeing any questions. 
Moderator: 
Yes, ma'am. The first question is from Sachin Dixit. Please accept the prompt and introduce 
yourself and proceed with your questions sir. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Great. So Falguni and team congrats on a decent set of results. I think we are on track to a bunch 
of things that we did highlight in the investor day that we conducted in June. Just one thing that 
I wanted to understand, particularly on Fashion side. I do understand that this was a really tough 
quarter for fashion businesses as such, especially online businesses in particular.  
But the 20% odd growth that we have achieved compared to the ambition that we guided just 
like 20 days back before we published the quarterly update. Those numbers are quite off, right? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
If you look at the 2x to 3x NSV growth in 3 years implies close to 30%, 35% odd growth, while 
we deliver 20%. 
Falguni Nayar: 
So I think I had pointed out at that time also, and I would like to point out that very often, the 
growth also happens in step function rather than it's still early days of the business and the growth 
sometimes happens in step function. So you are aware that we've announced a Foot Locker 
Association, where we are going to represent all the Foot Locker's e-commerce demand in the 
country, and that launch is going to happen in October of this year. 
 
So at this early stage of business, we had cautioned that there is seasonality to the business. And 
also, there is a step function improvement in business that happens due to initiatives that are 
being taken periodically. So I mean I had caution that this business is not mature enough to 
assume that, that is what it will translate to as heavy quarter growth. 
Nihir Parikh: 
Yes, I think just to add one statement I think this quarter, even last year, we have noticed a lower 
growth, basically Indian wear like it is a big category. So there was an expectation that this 
quarter might be a little lower, but the other quarters as Indian wear picks up, even last year, as 
you'll go back to the last 4 quarters, had good growth. 
Sachin Dixit: 
My second question is quickly on Nykaa Man. I do understand that we have merged the pieces 
of it within Fashion and Beauty. Is it really gaining any traction? Are we seeing sustainable 
business being achieved there? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Sachin Dixit: 
On Nykaa Man, because we have a separate platform, can you talk about what traction we are 
getting there? I mean, we haven't heard anything happening in particular on that piece. 
Falguni Nayar: 
So we are happy with the progress on Nykaa Man. We always wanted to grow it in the right 
manner in terms of, we do believe that if platforms are patient about the growth, you get the right 
customer acquisition and continue to grow. But yes, we've seen good traction in the Nykaa Man 
growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Kapil. Please accept the prompt, introduce yourself and proceed with 
the questions. 
Kapil Singh: 
This is Kapil from Nomura. I was just noticing the trend of margins, and we are seeing good 
improvement in margins across verticals like Fashion and also the Superstore segment. And the 
Beauty segment has been operating more in a range. So how should we think about it going 
forward? Will it be that Beauty will operate more in a range with modest improvements and bulk 
of the margin improvement has to come from Fashion and other segments starting to turn 
around? Is that the way to think about it? What will be the drivers for Beauty business margins? 
These are the questions. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think because it's a new way of reporting, I think one of the expectations everybody had was 
on EBITDA and we can't gave a lot of segments in the EBITDA reporting. So I think it's a new 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
way of reporting, so let it settle down and rather than read too much into what the margin 
improvement is. I would just like to caution that, yes, Fashion gross profit margin looked very 
good, but there are quarter-on-quarter differences. And I would say that some of it is definitely 
noncore. So I won't read too much into it. 
 
Similarly, on the Beauty side also, it's been at a good level. And I think in the presentation, you 
saw that in Nykaa D, I think they are consciously trying to improve the gross profit margin based 
on selection of the right brands and right choices being made with a clear conscious to improve 
the net retention margin. 
 
So I wouldn't read too much into it. I think margins are not a problem, but I won't also read into 
a huge amount of improvement. But yes, there's some improvement in Fashion margins were 
this improvement reflects both some core and some noncore. I mean, margins are not noncore, 
but the comparison is noncore because there could be some adversity in the base also. 
Kapil: 
Sure. So can you talk about what can be the margin drivers for particularly Beauty business from 
here? 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. Maybe would you like me to comment. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Yes, Anchit. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. So I think as we have mentioned earlier, the Beauty business now from a vertical reporting 
perspective consists of four different types of businesses. One is beauty.com, the second is 
beauty retail. The third is Nykaa's B2B superstore business and the fourth is owned brands, right. 
 
So each business has its own respective drivers for improvement in margins. If I look at the 
beauty.com business, which is at least in terms of share of revenue mix to this vertical is the 
most significant. That business, as we've said in the past, is already in a very, very healthy place 
from a margin profile perspective, both at the gross margin level but even all the way down to 
contribution margin and EBITDA margin. 
 
So that business is in a very healthy place. That what are some potential levers to improve the 
margin profile on that side is as we've said in the past, if our owned brands continue to do well 
and if they grow faster than the growth of the platform and they take a larger share of total 
business, then that should have a positive impact on the gross margin profile. 
 
Secondly, we've been working on a lot of ad formats for our ad platform. As you know, we 
collect services income, and we're working on multiple new ad format initiatives. So there is a 
potential for them also to improve the services income and therefore the gross margin. 
 
Finally, there is operating leverage that will kick in because a lot of the costs, especially on 
employees is fixed, and also, we feel our marketing expenses are in a good place. So I think 
depends on the business within the vertical. So beauty.com I spoke about. If I look at owned 
brands, of course, that business is a strong business from a gross margin perspective. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
 
So it just needs to keep growing and growing faster than the overall platform. And finally, the 
biggest lever, of course, will be now Nykaa has Superstore business like, Nykaa D which now 
sits within the beauty vertical. And that's where we see the potential for the largest improvement 
in margins, which Vishal covered in his presentation. 
 
Yes, so the most meaningful improvement in margins is most likely to come from the youngest 
business, which is still in growth phase, which is the B2B business. However, since currently, 
it's a small percentage of total revenue to the beauty vertical, the most outsized impact on the 
beauty vertical in terms of margin will continue to come from the beauty.com and beauty retail 
businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vijit Jain. Please accept the prompt on your screen, introduce yourself 
and proceed with your questions. 
Vijit Jain: 
My first question is just for comparison, so just wondering in the Beauty business, what the 
contribution margins would have been like in the earlier reporting. I mean, there's a 20-bps odd 
Y-o-Y decline in EBITDA margins and contribution margins also down 150, I imagine most of 
it has to do with B2B, right, because B2B is obviously growing faster than B2C. That's my first 
question. Just for comparison's sake, what would it have been? 
Falguni Nayar: 
No, I think we gave all of the past comparison, and I think we can't keep giving this, but you 
should also know that we have consciously improved the marketing expenses for Beauty 
business as evident in the new customer acquisition and growth. And yes, there are some 
elements like fulfillment expenses going up is partly due to B2B, but because see, it's already in 
the base, right? 
 
So even the quarter 1 FY24 is restated. So, it's the weightage that is going up. So, the weightage 
of B2B business is not that significant yet. But also, we talked about express delivery that we 
are now focusing on a same-day, next-day delivery. It doesn't increase the cost massively, but 
yes, some choices are being made about how we send our parcels in a way that the delivery is 
faster. So I think I would say it's a mix. I wouldn't read too much into it. But overall everything 
individually is improving. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Vijit, if you just look at our core results from last quarter, I mean, that will tell you what the 
contribution margin was for the Beauty business, excluding the B2B business. So what I can tell 
you directionally is that it hasn't changed. The contribution margin for the vertical, excluding 
the B2B business hasn't changed meaningfully since last quarter at all. So what you're seeing 
here is because of what we've now added to this vertical. 
P. Ganesh: 
Also, I'd like to add that we have shared the comparative numbers as per the new definition for 
the last 4 quarters in the investor deck in the annexure. So when you look at that, that will give 
you a good idea. 
Vijit Jain: 
And my next question is just looking at the house of brands slide, right, on both beauty and 
fashion. So beauty is obviously growing very well on the house of brands side, 47% Y-o-Y, 
whereas fashion is down a little bit. So, a, my question is, is fashion down mainly because of the 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
Indian wear the point you mentioned earlier on and the innerwear is doing relatively better. So 
we should read into it in that context. 
 
And within the beauty, the 47% Y-o-Y and the channel mix overall for the BPC business, just 
looking at the Y-o-Y chart looks a little interesting. So if you could explain what is happening 
there? I mean, I can see the Nykaa stores, for example, is down meaningfully in terms of channel 
mix for owned brands. and others is meaningfully up. So, I'm just trying to get a sense of really 
what is happening there for the owned brand part. 
Falguni Nayar: 
So, on Nykaa is a complex company now, and you can't read so much into it because, honestly, 
like there's a lot of weightage of Dot & Key, which doesn't have a larger presentation in our 
stores. We are just starting to roll out Dot & Key in our store in a meaningful way. So some of 
the mix is affected by that. I think on the Beauty consciously, like Dot & Key also sold on other 
platforms and some weightage of other platform comes through that. 
 
GT/MT clearly is a conscious strategy to continue to grow it because we believe that once brand 
reaches a certain size and scale, they need to grow beyond Nykaa's own platform. And we now 
have three brands that have reached a certain size and scale. 
 
So say Kay Beauty is now increasingly going into GT/MT. So I think it's a mix of many things. 
So I think reading the relative importance of channels from the slide is not what can tell you 
what exactly is going on and because there are quite a few brands. 
 
Talking about the fashion brand, definitely, you're right, the lingerie brand is doing well on most 
of the channels. 
 
But besides Indian wear, I mean, ethnic wear brands, I think the western wear brand in Fashion 
has had a tough quarter, but we do believe that it will be revised, and it will grow from there. 
And the quarter was tough due to two elements, mainly on third-party platform where it has been 
listed on Myntra few other platforms. We didn't perform as well. But on Nykaa platform, it did 
well. 
Anchit Nayar: 
And just I wanted to add, sorry, on the Beauty brand side is we have to just sort of keep in mind 
that this is a mix and it's not indicative that any particular channel is degrowing, right? So let's 
make sure we understand that all the beauty on brands are growing across all the channels. It 
just might happen to be that, for example, others, it's coming off of a smaller base, right? 
 
So maybe the growth is higher relative to the growth for our owned brands on Nykaa's own 
platform where their share is already high. So it's also a factor of coming off of a small base, and 
therefore, showing a much higher growth relative to some of the more established channels. But 
all the channels are growing for the owned brands. 
Vijit Jain: 
And just one last housekeeping question. Adjusted EBITDA metric, so you highlighted that it 
includes GCC, ESOP expenses and restructuring expenses. I just needed to know what the 
quantum of the restructuring expenses would be within that adjustment? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Falguni Nayar: 
It's difficult to give the details here, but I think maybe you can contact our team. 
Vijit Jain:   
Thanks, Falguni. Those were my questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra. Please accept the prompt on your screen, 
introduce yourself and proceed with the questions. 
Latika Chopra: 
I'm Latika from JP Morgan. Two questions from my side. The first one was on your initiative to 
cut down the delivery time and around the express delivery. I wanted to understand what is 
driving this push? Are you sensing any changes in the Beauty retail landscape, which is 
motivating you to go for faster delivery? And the second part is, is there any considerable cost 
that is going to be associated with the same? 
 
The second question was on your eB2B business. If you could give us some colour on what are 
the top product categories that are selling under this business. And there was also a packaging 
cost reduction that you mentioned on one of the slides. What is exactly driving that? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Yes, you want to go Anchit. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Maybe I'll kick it off. If you bought the previous slide on O2D, so I think Latika, the reality is 
that when we build a business in the e-commerce space, there are only three things that matter. 
One is at least in our mind, that's curation, its convenience, and its content, and a big part of 
convenience is the speed with which we can deliver to our consumers. 
 
So it's always been a priority to us. And as you know, we've spoken many times over the past 2 
years that we took this up as a bigger project coming out of the pandemic because, of course, 
there was an accelerated adoption of e-commerce during COVID, and coming out of that, we 
wanted to capitalize on that demand. And so we realized that it was very important to be very 
competitive from a speed, and therefore, convenience point of view. And that's the investment 
which we've now made over the past 3 years. 
 
So it's not a new investment. It's not something which we're picking up now. We're kind of 
sharing with you the culmination of the past 3 years of work, which you've done in terms of 
expanding our warehouse capabilities and capacity, but also equally importantly improving our 
supply chain, both from a forecasting as well as from a hygiene perspective. 
 
So I think a lot of work has been done over the past 3 years. And because we now have something 
which we feel is very much worth sharing. That's why we shared the results of it today, but this 
is not something that has happened overnight. It's been something we've worked out for many 
years. So to answer your question, no near-term figure. It's been something we've worked on for 
a long time and you're now seeing the results. I hope that answers your question. 
Latika Chopra: 
Any cost that could come incrementally on account of that or not really because this has been in 
the works for a lot? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. I think you've seen, I mean, over the past 2, 3 years, you've seen the amount we've invested 
behind expansion of warehouse capacity, right? So that was probably a decent amount of the 
cost, at least from a capex point of view. 
 
Going forward, I mean, as we continue to expand on this commitment to deliver same-day and 
next-day within the major metros and the top 100 plus cities. I think there is some amount of 
cost that might come into the picture on the last-mile fulfillment, but I don't think it should be 
very meaningful. So I do believe a lot of the heavy lifting is now behind us. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Yes. No. What I'd like to add is that, honestly, while there were investments and costs, but I 
think on unit economics, the whole project is self-supporting because what gets added as a cost 
gets saved through last-mile delivery in certain cases, it gives savings to some other areas. So 
net-net, it's not expensive to do this from a unit economics perspective. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Coming to eB2B. I think your first question on packaging cost. See, we have a very, I must admit 
frugal mindset when it comes to costs. So, what we have been driving for last, I think, 6- 7 
quarters is that a lot of our outer packaging, we are reusing recycling materials for the brand 
boxes. So that really reduces our cost quite a bit. 
Latika Chopra: 
And any flavour on what are the top products or categories for this business? 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes. So see, we obviously play in the BPC category. And more or less, it's in line with the kind 
of the market which is there in the GT environment. So categories like hair, personal wash are 
bigger than some other categories. But equally, because of the nature of our service categories 
like makeup, all the smaller in size but are bigger relative to the market size. So bigger with us 
relative to the market. 
Falguni Nayar: 
So, we have quite a well, fragrances also, so you have a well-distributed business. 
Vishal Gupta: 
That's right. And fragrances are one of the fastest-growing category. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Skin also. So it's pretty balanced. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harit Kapoor. Please accept the prompt, introduce yourself and please 
proceed with the questions. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had two questions. One was on the BPC side. Yes. So my question was on the BPC side. 
So, if I just do a revenue minus NSV kind of quick calculation, it seems like the advertising 
income seems to have picked up in BPC this quarter. I might be wrong, but that's my assumption 
basis that calculation. 
 
And given that from here on some of the discounting-led issues, which we were speaking about 
last year starts to come in the base. I was just wondering, are these two likely gross margin 
triggers for the online BPC piece going forward over the next few quarters? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. I think you're right. Although there's more than just sorry, more than just services income 
that sits between NSV and revenue. But yes, I mean, as we said in the past, there was definitely 
some softness in services income over the past couple of quarters because of external challenges, 
especially the D2C brands were having a difficult time with funding, and there was a big focus 
on profitability. 
 
But I think all of the brands have realized that if you do not spend on advertising on a platform 
like Nykaa, the growth becomes very hard to come by. So that's where we're seeing a re-
emergence of a lot of these D2C and younger brands who are now back to becoming more active 
in terms of marketing on the platform.  
And so that's a positive trend, which we think should strengthen as we get into the second half 
of the year, which tends to be where most of the festive occasions are and a lot of the seasonal, 
and festive shopping for this category will occur. So, I would say we're optimistic for the second 
half of the year on the services income piece. And that should be a driver of improvement in 
gross margins as well. 
 
And to your point, the discounting has been there because of the soft consumer demand across 
discretionary categories. So again, it's a lot of that moderation in discounting will happen if the 
demand does revive as people are expecting it to in the second half of the year. 
 
So, as you know, it's meant to be a busy Q3, Q4 with lots of auspicious dates and lots of festivals. 
And I think a lot of retailers and consumer companies are bidding on a revival in demand and 
so are we. And I think if that happens, you will see the discounting should moderate, and that 
should, again, help reduce the buildup. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Thanks for that. I just had one more on the marketing and advertising side. So you have explained 
the increase in the marketing spend being driven by the intent to kind of drive new customer 
acquisition. Shouldn't we expect this kind of uptick to sustain on your expenses given the fact 
that the medium- to long-term strategy is to kind of drive revenue growth at a faster basis. Is that 
the right way to think about it? 
Anchit Nayar: 
You're referring to the Beauty segment marketing. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, just Beauty. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Beauty marketing expense also is a combination of beauty.com as well as beauty private label 
brands. Marketing doesn't include anything for Nykaa D because they don't spend on marketing. 
So it's a combination of two things. We clearly do see ability to continue to grow our beauty 
private label brands and some more marketing investment will go there consciously not because 
we have to do it. We just feel it's the right thing to do. Similarly, on the e-commerce side, also, 
we definitely want to increase the acquisition in terms of new customer acquisition. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. But I think that being said, because we're offering at such a large scale here that even if we 
were to meaningfully increase the ad, the marketing spend in dollar terms. It wouldn't be a 
commensurate increase in terms of as a percent of sales. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
 
So even this past quarter, where we had the highest customer acquisition quarter we've had in a 
long, maybe ever, yet you see that the increase in marketing spend is about 60 basis points. 
 
So I think you'll see it be range bound. Yes, we want to continue to acquire new customers, and 
we want to continue to build owned brands. So there is some amount of marketing that will 
continue to be done, but I don't think you'll see it move in a very volatile fashion or by a large 
magnitude of it will be pretty much range bound. I think somewhere around the 8.5% to 9.0%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Karan Taurani. Please accept the prompt on your screen, introduce 
yourself and proceed with the questions. 
Karan Taurani: 
Yes. So my question was on the margin side. You mentioned that 8.5% - 9.0% is what you 
should see in terms of sustenance for the BPC business. Now the major levers, right? And one 
is in terms of ad revenue, seeing traction. Second is in terms of going you going for lower lead 
times and they're probably improving in terms of customer experience. And third, of course, 
lower losses in the B2B business side and also private label. 
 
So despite having so many levers and also discounts moderating from year on going year, as we 
indicated. So despite having so many levers, what makes it that you are confident of 
improvement in terms of margins for the BPC segment? 
Anchit Nayar: 
No. So, I don't think I guided to 8.5% - 9.0% EBITDA margins. I said that marketing expense 
will most likely be range bound at around 8.5% - 9.0%. 
 
In terms of EBITDA margin, I think you summarized it well. There are many opportunities for 
us to continue to improve the margin. But again, I just want to go back to what I said earlier, 
which is the Beauty segment here from a vertical reporting perspective, consists of four different 
businesses. The e-commerce business, yes, it does have some levers for us to improve the 
margins, but we already feel like it's operating in a very, very healthy EBITDA margin. And 
whatever improvements we do manage to get, we want to continue to invest behind customer 
acquisition as well as customer retention. So that's on the beauty.com side. 
 
Obviously, on the B2B side, where there is the largest magnitude of improvement in margins 
possible. However, because its revenue is still very small compared to the multi-brand retail 
channel. Whatever improvement happens in profitability will not be able to move the needle 
meaningfully at the segment level. But at an individual business unit level, B2B will have 
meaningful improvements in profitability. 
 
And even though beauty.com has a potential to improve from here, it's just already in such a 
healthy place that we want to reinvest those savings into continued growth. And I think it's 
reflecting the fact that we're delivering 28% growth on GMV for beauty and personal care off a 
very large base in a discretionary category that has had a very muted quarter in the past 3 months. 
And I'm sure you follow results from all the various FMCG and retailer names. So it should not 
come as a surprise to you. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
 
So I think in a difficult environment, we delivered market meeting growth in large part because 
we continue to invest behind that growth. And that will continue to be the focus for the 
beauty.com business in the coming quarters. 
Karan Taurani: 
Right. So the second is a follow-up on the same thing. So let's say, if the beauty.com margins 
are similar and you plan to invest behind customer acquisition, can growth rates accelerate 
beyond 25% - 28% in the BPC business? 
Falguni Nayar: 
See, I think Karan, I think most of your hunches are correct. All we saying is we don't want to 
guide for anything very incremental. But I think we are very sure that each of our business 
margins are great or they are improving. The mix obviously determines the one Nykaa numbers.  
And yes, the B2B business, which is a very fast-growing business with improving margin 
structure, but overall EBITDA margin of their business is negative, right now. But I think it's 
not going to usually pull it down because the bigger businesses are all turning better on EBITDA 
margin, including the private label beauty business. 
 
So Beauty's private label business, Beauty's dot-com business is in a good place with tendency 
towards improvement in margins with B2B as a mix pulling down the margin, and it will settle 
somewhere. And also, in terms of customer acquisition, the venue actually go for an accelerated 
customer acquisition, obviously, the benefit of that because all our customers buy 3.5x in a year, 
that's the average, right? 
 
So it does give you long-term benefits. So it gives you benefit not just in that quarter, but also 
in quarters ahead. So overall, I think we do feel the business is in a good place now. And a lot 
of correction we needed to do are behind us. 
Karan Taurani: 
So basically, in terms of cost moderation, one could either see a margin expansion or the growth 
acceleration over the medium term as a part of supply chain. Is that a fair understanding? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Yes. And also the benefit of other expenses going down also comes because of scale, allowing 
us a little bit of more leeway to improve some other areas that we may not have done. Like we've 
not done any kind of large brand building activity for a long time. So we may periodically do 
something. I'm not guiding towards any large spend. But I'm just saying that the way things are 
in, it gives us ability to invest for the future. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question we can take today. You may reach out to 
Nykaa's Investor Relations team for any additional queries. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Falguni Nayar for closing comments. Over 
to you, ma'am. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you very much, everyone, for being here with us, and thank you to my management team 
also to always be available, and thanks, everybody, and I hope we've answered all your 
questions. And if there's anything more do reach out to our IR team. Thank you. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. 
 
