ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
A MEMBER OF THE LALBHAI GROUP 
Corporate Office: Du Parc Trinity, 8th Floor, 17, M.G Road, Bangalore – 560 001 
Tel: +91-80-4155 0601, Fax: 91-80-4155 0651 
Website: http://www.arvindfashions.com 
 
Regd Office: Main Building, Arvind Limited Premises, Naroda Road, Ahmedabad – 380 025. 
CIN: L52399GJ2016PLC085595 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
To,
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code : 542484 
Security ID : ARVINDFASN 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol : ARVINDFASN 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earning call Transcript with Analysts and Investors for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please refer below link of transcript of conference call arranged by the 
company with analysts and investors on Friday, August 02, 2024 for post announcement of 
Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
On the website of the company: 
 
Path: https://www.arvindfashions.com/overview/  
 
Title: Earnings Call Transcript Q1 FY-25 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
Lipi Jha 
Company Secretary 
LIPI SITAKANT 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
LIPI SITAKANT JHA 
Date: 2024.08.08 
15:20:13 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript – Aug 2, 2024 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
• Shailesh Chaturvedi – Managing Director & CEO 
• Girdhar Chitlangia – Chief Financial Officer 
• Ankit Arora – Head, Investor Relations and Treasury 

Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind Fashions Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora – Head, 
Investor Relations & Treasury at Arvind Fashions Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thanks Viya. Hello and welcome everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Arvind Fashions Limited earnings conference call for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2024. I am joined here today by Mr. Shailesh Chaturvedi, our 
Managing Director and CEO and Mr. Girdhar Chitlangia, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
Please note that result press release and earnings presentation had been 
mailed across to you yesterday and these are also available on our website 
www.arvindfashions.com. I hope you had the opportunity to browse 
through the highlights of the performance. We will commence the call 
today with Shailesh covering the business highlights and financial 
performance. At the end of management discussion we will have a Q&A 
session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made or discussed on this call today may be forward-looking in nature and 
must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. A 
detailed statement of these risks is available in this quarter’s earnings 
presentation. The company does not undertake to update these forward-

looking statements publicly. With that said, I would now turn the call over 
to Shailesh to share his views. Thank you and over to you Shailesh. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Thanks, Ankit. Good afternoon, everyone. 
 
There's all round good performance at AFL in Q1 FY25, with double-digit 
revenue growth, 1.5% like-to-like retail growth, 80 basis points increase in 
GP which has flown into EBITDA and EBITDA has grown by 100 basis points 
with value growth of nearly 20% in EBITDA. All in all, very satisfying results 
under tough market conditions. NSV in Q1 is 955 crores and EBITDA is 123 
crores. 
 
Markets have been subdued for a while and this quarter saw impact of 
elections, peak heat wave and fewer wedding dates which impacted traffic 
across offline and online channels. But we are pleased that Q1 results have 
been in line with our guidance with growth going up from levels of Q4 as 
we had indicated and there is 100 basis points increase in EBITDA. 
 
We have seen growth across brands and in every channel. There is growth 
in volume as well as in price realization. A key highlight was control on 
discounting where we delayed EOSS to end of June, while industry had 
been discounting by mid-June. 
 
You may recall that we had adjusted our primary billing of spring-summer 
goods for wholesale channels, with billing being lower to MBO and 
department store in Q4 earlier and now we supply goods at the right time, 
closer to the summer season in Q1, which led to healthy growth of more 
than 15% in wholesale channels in this quarter. After few quarters of de-
stocking in online channel, Q1 saw healthy growth in online business with 
both revenue and channel profitability seeing healthy uptick. There is 
handsome growth in online direct-to-consumer business that has grown 

more than 60% year-on-year and delivered higher channel profitability as 
well. We are making wholehearted investment behind online business with 
the right hygiene to gain from its traction. 
 
GP has moved up to 55.2%, a gain of 80 basis points with dual benefit of 
better price realization as well as lower, more efficient product cost. With 
good sell-thru’s and tight control on discounting, our price realization went 
up. It was also aided by efforts on premiumization where realization and 
sell- thru’s are higher. This coupled with continued sourcing efficiency on 
product costs, we gained 80 basis points in GP. Most of these GP gain has 
flown into EBITDA which saw nearly 20% growth to Rs. 123 crores versus 
last year value of Rs. 103 crores. 
 
On working capital front, Q1 saw stable GWC days. We were able to hold 
on to sell- thru’s in SS’24 amidst very difficult market condition and ensure 
that there's no slippage in inventory. With tight control on inventory, 
business has grown by 10% with flat inventory value overall and delivering 
stock turns of four with lowering of inventory days by three days. With our 
asset light approach, ROCE has also gone up. 
 
At brand level, all three super strong brands including Tommy Hilfiger, U.S. 
Polo Assn. and CK have delivered fantastic results once again, both in terms 
of top line and bottom line. I can clearly say that for all our brands, product 
overhaul in the last few years is paying dividends in difficult market 
conditions. Product lines are looking fresher with higher quality and 
delivering good sell- thru’s. Tight control on inventories ensuring more 
freshness at counter and helping deliver better sell- thru’s, good like-to-like 
growth and control discounting. 
 
The highlight of Arrow business in this quarter was a mega marketing event 
with actor Hrithik Roshan in Mumbai, in association with GQ Publication. 

This event promoted the Super Premium 1851 Line and we saw a really big 
impact of the event content on social media, with some posts reaching 
more than 10 million views. 
 
The efforts to re-energize Flying Machine continues with new cool 
merchandise of Spring Summer ‘24, which is getting encouraging response 
from channels and consumers clearly seeing a healthy growth of FM and in 
online channel in Q1. 
 
The key priority for FY25 is to focus on revenue growth. Our brands remain 
top of consideration set, are ready and prepared, and they benefit 
whenever market improves. They also benefit from the industry trend of 
casualization as most of our brands have leadership in casual segment. We 
continue to put energy behind each of our key growth drivers, including 
retail expansion, like-to-like store growth, premiumization, buildup of 
online direct B2C business and growth of adjacent categories. 
 
Let me touch upon few growth drivers here, starting with retail network 
expansion: 
 
We have added more than 40,000 square feet net of retail space in Q1 with 
opening of nearly 30 high quality stores. We remain committed to growing 
net retail space by around 15%, and hopeful of further acceleration of 
build-up in square footage in times ahead. 
 
Another exciting aspect of store expansion has been opening of large 
flagship stores, especially in US Polo Association brand. We want to focus 
on few selected landmark locations so that we can showcase the entire 
range of fast-developing adjacent categories in these stores, including 
footwear, womenswear, kids wear and innerwear. 

 
We opened such flagship stores of US Polo Association in Jayanagar, 
Bangalore, Indiranagar, Bangalore, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, M.G. Road, 
Goa and C Road, Jodhpur. We are extremely excited by initial traction of 
the stores. They are tracking good numbers and are achieving targets. 
 
We are also expanding square foot through innovative formats like Stride 
for footwear and accessories and Club A for full price premium retailing of 
our brands. Along with Club A store in Bangalore that we opened last year, 
we have opened two new Club A, one in Surat and another one at Lucknow 
Airport. 
 
Growth of adjacent category also remains a key growth priority for AFL. 
The share of adjacent category like footwear, womenswear, kidswear, 
innerwear has crossed 20% revenue share of AFL and has grown in the last 
one year at double digit. In U.S. Polo Assn., share of adjacent category has 
been even higher at close to 30% because of higher investment in that 
marquee brand on adjacent category. While footwear, innerwear and 
kidswear have good scale, I am happy to confirm that the initial response 
to the new womenswear line in US Polo is also encouraging and the 
business has recorded high growth on a small base. 
 
A lot of growth is linked to external market conditions and economic 
realities, but we remain hopeful that the growth in FY25 will be stronger 
and better than the growth we saw in previous financial year. 
 
We hope for momentum to continue in months ahead with expectation of 
slightly better market condition. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 

Priyank Chheda: 
Hi team, so congratulations on decent performance in tough times. So, my 
question is what explains the subdued SSG, which is a retail like-to-like 
growth while our format expansions continue at healthy pace, what 
explains on the 1.5% like-to-like retail sales growth? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: As far as like-to-like growth is concerned, while our normal expectation is 
above 5%, but in the current market condition, it would be a very satisfying 
number because we have seen in the industry, the like-to-like numbers are 
negative. While it could be higher, but because of the way the market 
conditions are, elections were a negative factor, there was a peak heat in 
May, which probably impacted walk-ins and also we delayed the EOSS 
because we may have lost some sort of revenue if we had gone with the 
industry, but we delayed the EOSS to last to protect our margin and sell-
thru. So, overall, while markets are tough, I would say we have delivered a 
good like-to-like growth and many reasons behind that, because we 
renovated stores, there's been good response to our product stories, sell-
thru’s have been good and premiumization also is helping. So, I would 
answer the question that we have delivered very satisfying like-to-like in 
the current market conditions. Of course, it could be better, as the market 
improves and the walk-ins improve. But in the current environment, I think 
it's a satisfying like-to-like growth of 1.5%. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So, now again, circling back to the same strategy where we have delayed 
our discounting for the want of controlled discounting, where we have 
delayed the participation in the EOSS. Now, currently our gross margins are 
at 55% and this has never been seen in the history of Arvind Fashions. But 
then what this is actually leading is the subdued growth or a subdued sales 
for a customer who used to have discounts in the history in Arvind Fashions 
brand. So, now we have gains on the gross margin, but then again we are 

struggling back for the like-to-like business. So, how do we solve these two 
problems at the same time? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, I would say that early discounting, early EOSS is not a solution to 
anything frankly. It's a main problem in our industry. Now, what we have 
done over the last few years is to upgrade the product, upgrade the 
storytelling, upgrade the retail experience. So, today we are giving a very 
superior experience and significantly better experience than what we were 
delivering even two, three years ago. And we are hoping that the consumer 
will fall in love with our efforts and they will wait for us to buy. Our 
portfolios are very, very strong brands and I am sure they will remain top 
brands in their consideration, and they will wait for us to start our EOSS at 
the right time. But if you start giving discounting, then consumer will not 
buy full price and that's really the core issue in the industry and we are 
being very, very diligent on not sort of selling only at discount and we want 
to grow profitability, that has been a mantra that we will grow profitably 
and that's why our GP has gone up by 80 basis points and our realization 
has become better. So, market will realize that there will be some brands 
which will panic and give discount early, but the good brands will hold it. 
And I don't to take some of the competition name, but we are in line with 
the good brands. So, all the good brands also go on EOSS at the right time, 
we also go on EOSS at that time, but we don't want to panic and go early. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Just wanted to know your thought process on the point, everyone seems to 
be rating downward in terms of the price points, create a marquee brands 
or create a value fashion as a whole of a category, which is emerging at a 
large size. So, consumer of course is spoiled for a lot of choices at a lower 
price point. So, is that also kind of impacting the brand positioning where 
we are right now, because we are not able to consume where the 
consumer price point where we are, while India is growing at a 

premiumization trend, our retail SSG is a kind of a subdued. So, your 
thought process on a price point which are getting lower and the value 
fashion retail giving a tough competition to our kind of brand? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, we are quite competitively priced for the quality we give and the 
competitive set that we operate in. Our strategy in the last three years has 
been to focus on these five big brands and which are so big that consumer 
will make favorable purchase decision in favor of these. So, we are very 
watchful of the value that we offer, we must give superior product in a 
superior shopping environment online, offline and hopefully charge the 
right price, we are also looking at all the sourcing efficiency wherever 
possible. So, that's why if you look at this season, all our channels have 
grown even in this market condition, even if the pressure what you are 
mentioning. But I believe our brands are rightly priced and that's why we 
are able to hold on to our sell-thru’s and able to increase our GP and 
EBITDA. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Sure, last question. Arrow, if you can throw more light on what has been 
the profitability path over here -- are we on a journey for mid single digit 
margins by FY25? And on overall EBITDA margins, while YoY looks to be 
higher now, but what we have seen is because of the tough market 
conditions now last four quarters we are sliding down on the path of the 
EBITDA margins at the reported numbers versus the 500 basis points gain 
in the gross margins over the last three to four quarters. So, your judgment 
on the Arrow profitability and overall EBITDA margins going ahead from 
here? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So, in the last couple of quarters, I've been explaining the strategy on 
Arrow and frankly, I will reiterate the same again that we made lot of 
changes in Arrow, we created new product lines to participate in 

casualization, we created new line Arrow NewYork for the Gen Z 
customers. A couple of years back, we see almost 100 crores delta in 
EBITDA improvement, and it became a profitable brand at a low single digit 
EBITDA. Now, the last couple of quarters have been difficult and especially 
for the wedding brand and the formal brand. So, I said that Arrow remains 
in a low single digit brand and our first task is to take it to mid-single digit 
brand and in the current market condition believe the wedding dates are in 
the second half that the performance will improve and we are happy that it 
is where it is not losing money, gaining scale, it's gaining in new product 
lines, we launched the new retail entity of Arrow. So, we have done a lot of 
hard work for Arrow and we are now waiting for the market to improve a 
little bit. Now, in terms of the profitability in the medium term to go from 
low single digit to mid-single digit, it will need little more scale and that 
scale will come when the markets are little better, like-to-like growth 
improve in our store. So, we are doing all the things right. Hopefully, 
market improves. Currently, the wedding dates are a little low, the market 
conditions have been little muted. So, that impact is in the short run, but 
we are very hopeful that a strong brand like Arrow with all the good gains 
that we have done in the last two to three years, we will gain further and 
our journey towards mid-single digit EBITDA will happen. So, we remain 
confident. I am just hoping for markets to grow a little bit more. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Kudos to your team and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. My question is on online channel where 
you have grown by 60%. Can we say that the inventory correction which 

you have taken over the last few quarters, it's now been done and we can 
expect normalized growth in online channel going ahead? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We are very pleased with where we are in online and we have made lot of 
efforts to pivot the business from wholesale business to our own direct 
approach where we manage the whole experience from inventory to the 
pricing, to the cataloguing. So, that has really now started bearing fruits 
and that's the reason why the numbers have gone up. And there is a 
general traction in the channel, our brands are very, very strong. So, there 
is a good organic pickup happen that for our brands. So, we are very 
hopeful that the gain that we have seen, will stabilize and we'll hopefully 
go further and we'll continue to invest behind the online direct-consumer 
businesses and they will continue to grow. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
In terms of online profitability, how different it would be from our other 
channel business? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: It's fairly competitive and we have been very, very focused on profitable 
growth. So, the online profitability even this quarter has been very good. 
The channel profitability has gone up by a good percentage. So, we are 
very pleased with what we saw from both the revenue side and also from 
the channel profitability side from the online channel. So, it also depends 
on the market conditions, but our brands and our efforts are well placed to 
capitalize on the online business. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
But margin differential is material compared to general 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I mean, it's quite a healthy margin and we ensure that any growth is not 
going to be detrimental to our percentage profitability. We will ensure that 
growth is at similar than other channel or even higher, if possible. 

Dhiraj Mistry: 
Again, on inventory in wholesale channel where we have witnessed 15% 
growth, which is quite encouraging. Is it any part of the growth is also 
because of the inventory buildup in this quarter, and it can normalize going 
ahead or we can assume that this is the normal course of inventory and 
wholesale channel as well? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So, in fact, we are doing the reverse. We actually took a call to bill less 
inventory in the Q4. I mentioned that we delayed the launch because see, 
the weather pattern has shifted by almost a month, the peak winter 
happens in Jan, Feb and the summer sets in a little later now in April, May. 
So, we are trying to match our supply chain to the market realities and the 
season reality. So, we are holding back and that's why the invoice goes 
closer to the weather pattern, and I am sure because of that our sell-thru’s 
will be very good and there's no build up before the season with the 
channels. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Sir, one question on this minority interest, like in this quarter we had a 
reported PAT of 13.8 crores and then there is a minority interest goes 
somewhere around 12 to 13 crores. So, our entire profit has been gone as 
a minority interest. Any comment on that, whether it's more of this quarter 
phenomena or it should continue going ahead also? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: What happens is that there is a seasonality in different businesses and the 
PVH part benefit from premiumization. So, that's really helping. But we get 
a little more business in H2, in some other brands, the festivals and the 
wedding calendar, makes a little better difference. So, the profitability in 
non-PVH will also be good in the future. So, I think it will balance out. 
Ankit Arora: 
Just to add, the comfort and the confidence which is what you should draw 
is the fact that if you look at our last year trend line also from Q1 to Q4 as 
to what Shailesh mentioned, we had even significantly large losses coming 

in from Q1 and then it really build up on the non-PVH side of the portfolio 
and we are extremely confident that it will pan out the similar way if 
market conditions remain favorable as to what we have seen in Q1 and you 
should draw confidence that a significant improvement in the non-PVH side 
of the portfolio in Q1 has happened from the losses which is what we had 
in Q1 last year. And we expect this trend line on PAT. We are extremely 
focused on the bottom line and the mid line profitability. And if you will 
keep seeing this profitability improvement happening, you will see that 
translate into a disproportionate share coming in from non-PVH also going 
forward in FY25 and in the near to medium term as well. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
What we have been building like double digit top line growth and also 100 
bps of margin expansion going for FY25 and despite subdued environment 
we have reported 100 bps of margin expansion. Is it a possibility to 
increase our guidance going ahead or we would maintain our guidance of 
100 bps expansion and double-digit growth or early double digit growth? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: If you really take a step back and we had said that we are expecting a 
higher revenue growth compared to where we were at Q4 and we were at 
5% and we have now delivered 10% and we remain optimistic that the 
growth will be higher than what was in the past and market conditions are 
muted, subdued & difficult. But we are very confident that our growth 
drivers are working, be it square foot expansion where a lot of efforts have 
gone, category expansion, online B2C business, premiumization, like-to-
like, we are working hard to ensure that our growth drivers remain fully 
revved up and we continue to grow. Medium term, we would love the 
growth rates to move to 12% to 15%, but we are hoping for the market to 
correct, and we are also very watchful on profitable growth, we are not 
looking at just growth for the sake of growth, we are very careful that 
growth should bring efficiency in terms of improvement in EBITDA margin. 

So, we are working hard. It all depends on the market conditions also and 
the economic realities, but we are in the short run confident that our job is 
to up the growth from five to high single digit, maybe double digit, and 
then as the market improves and as our scale comes larger, we will 
hopefully grow a little faster also. But in the short run, I would say our 
guidance should continue to be where we have mentioned to increase it 
from last year and we are working hard to ensure that happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Jain from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Congratulations gentlemen on good set of numbers. Could you give us 
some sense on the channel, because I think you've given wholesale, retail, 
online. But just in terms of wholesale, could you help us understand how is 
MBO, how is departmental stores? And the same for online, if you can help 
us understand how is B2B and B2C? So, in the presentation also, if you 
could help us with this data going forward? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Let me say the primary billing channel like MBO, department store, I 
mentioned that we have been trying to time it as closer to season, so that 
the stock turns don't get compromised and there's no buildup unnecessary 
before the season. So, that's why in this quarter all channels are growing, 
frankly, I mean wholesale or retail, every channel has grown in this quarter 
in terms of revenue and in terms of channel profitability, MBO grown really 
handsomely because of the shift and also our distribution expansion has 
been very aggressive, especially in the subscale brand like Flying Machine 
and Arrow where we will do open a lot more Shop-in-Shop and also our 
strong brand, U.S. Polo remains a preferred brand for any expansion of any 
mall or any MBO channel. So, MBO is doing well. Department store also we 
supplied goods in right time and seen good growth in our business and also 

margin profile has been healthy in that channel. Retail, we mentioned that 
we grew like-to-like under really tough market conditions where a lot of 
other competitors have shown negative like-to-like, but we are decent and 
we have a good square foot expansion that's happening. So, we are looking 
at CAGR of 15% in square foot addition net. So, that channel is growing 
online. B2C has grown more than 60% and we are pivoting this business 
from wholesale and there the growth rates are coming down, but we are 
looking at overall healthy growth in online, from B2B pivoting towards B2C 
and the B2C is really firing and also the channel profitability also has gone 
up by good percentage. So, overall this season we have seen growth from 
wholesale as well as from retail channel. If you want any specifically double 
click, I am happy to give some color to that. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Second is now everything is a power brand, right? So, if I have to 
understand, given your commentary, you're saying that weddings were 
lower, so obviously Arrow would be weak. If you can help us in the 
presentation itself, how is growth across Tommy, individual brand, if you're 
not comfortable with absolute numbers, but just some sense on what was 
the growth in each of the brands, it will be better for us to understand your 
numbers. Second part to this is sir, about 45,000-odd square feet you've 
added. So, if that also you can help us brand wise where you've been 
opening stores, are these EBOs, COCO a little more understanding on the 
store openings also brand wise would help us. My next question is on the 
gross margin. This, you said, retail was slightly weaker versus last year. And 
from what I understand the large part of our other expenses includes 
commission and brokerage, which is higher on the retail side, right? So, if I 
have to look at your other expenses in spite of retail being lower, our other 
expenses have gone up by about 8%-odd. So, I am just trying to understand 
what is the major shift that has happened here -- is it advertisement, is it 
freight? So, just more sense on the other opex bit. 

Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, our retail has also grown, and it has grown overall, and it has grown 
in terms of like-to-like, so it's also grown in high single digit. The other 
expenses are actually in line or maybe slightly lower. So, there's no surprise 
there, there's no delta there in any way. It's in line with the growth of the 
business. And there's no other major expenses because all largely 
commission and commission is linked to the revenue growth, largely 
franchisee commission. So, it's in line with the growth. So, it's not higher 
than the growth. As far as GP is concerned, typically, retail channel delivers 
higher GP because the expenses come below. But this quarter what has 
happened is that retail has also grown, but the wholesale channels have 
grown slightly faster than retail, but overall the GP has gone up despite the 
channel revenue mix the way it is and that's coming from, like I said, better 
control on discounting, price realization, premiumization and also we have 
had good cost efficiency from sourcing. So, we got a dual benefit on price 
realization which is better and the costs which are more efficient. So, we 
got a good 80 basis points increase in GP despite retail being similar to the 
other channel. If retail had grown faster, the GP would have looked even 
higher than where it is today. 
Ankit Arora: 
Just to add a couple of points to part of your question. One just to add on 
what Shailesh said on the GP side, please understand we are again growing 
margins despite us growing margins by about close to 100, 120 basis points 
last year. So, it's on that base. Of course, you need to look at in the context 
saying there is a general inflation on other expenses which remains and 
some portions or a large portion of expenses like royalty and other costs 
are variable in nature. So, you need to look at we have grown the sales at 
10% and we have maintained a very, very sharp cost control on overhead 
which has only grown by 8%. That's how you are seeing the leverage 
coming through. So, that's on that. On the first part of your question on the 
brand wise, to be honest, it will be difficult for us to kind of give in the 

presentation any specific data points because we are also bound by certain 
global confidential contract norm. Having said that, we try our best and 
Shailesh has tried his best in his opening commentary to kind of give you a 
color on a brand wise in a more qualitative way. But it will be difficult for us 
to kind of really quantify that and do that on Q-o-Q basis. Hope you 
understand on that front. Thank you. 
Shreyans Jain: 
My last question is, sir, with the kind of improvement that we have seen in 
our margin and also Arrow now you're saying single digit, so for FY25, FY26, 
what is the kind of EBITDA that we should look at? Obviously I am not 
asking for an actual number, but just some sense on your direction, can we 
do like 100, 200 basis points improvement going forward now because 
you're saying discounting is lower, full price is higher and obviously retail 
growing faster than the other channels going forward, so what is your 
sense on this? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, our guidelines has been that we want to grow EBITDA by at least 100 
basis points, even in the current really difficult market condition, we are 
committed and you look at this quarter also the EBITDA has gone up by 100 
basis points and is now close to 13%. So, we work hard. In the current 
market environment, it will take a lot of efforts to deliver this, and we are 
delivering that, we are working hard. And that's why we focus on profitable 
growth, we are just not looking at growth for the sake of growth and we 
are only looking at growing businesses where we get commensurate 
profitability also. So, we are committed, to answer your question on 
EBITDA, how much will you grow, 100 basis points is our guidance also will 
depend on some market conditions, few basis points here and there. But 
that's our goal and our guidance remain to up the revenue growth and to 
grow EBITDA by 100 basis points. 

Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Palash Kawale 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. 
Sir, my question is around Arrow and FM. So, when do you see these 
brands going at a higher growth, than consolidated levels? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I've been giving commentary on our strategy on Arrow and Flying 
Machine in every quarter call and I will reiterate that these are the brands, 
they needed to be re-energized and that effort on Arrow started two years 
back with complete overhaul of the brand promise, the logo, the 
advertising, retail identity, we created a smart casual line called Arrow 
Sports, we created a Young formal workwear line called Arrow NewYork, 
and the premium line that we promoted, now 1851. So, a lot of the 
merchandise bricks are ready, lot of retail bricks have fallen in place, but 
still subscale and it needs to grow a little more and it needs to open 
probably many more stores in the country and that's what will take it to 
the place where we want in the short run from low single digit EBITDA to 
mid-single digit EBITDA. The markets have not been very favorable for 
formalish, workwear brands and wedding dates have also been low, it's a 
big blazer suits as a large business. So, that is a short term aberration, but 
we are very committed and market will improve and our square foot 
expansion will continue on Arrow also. So, we are seeing that Arrow will 
reach a certain point, will happen in the near term. As far as Flying Machine 
is concerned, that effort has started two seasons back. We changed the 
logo, we created new consumer promise for Gen Z, online first kind of a 
mindset. And recently when the new logo merchandise has gone this 
season spring-summer, we saw green shoots, we saw very good growth of 
Flying Machine in online channel, couple of new stores with the new 
identity we opened for example in Noida, in Mall of India. We are quite 

happy with what we are seeing, and you will see in Diwali lot more intense 
efforts on Flying Machine to influence the consumer. So, maybe the Flying 
Machine journey is one year behind Arrow, but our three brands, Tommy 
Hilfiger, Calvin Klein and U.S. Polo are really well placed, market leader and 
they are doing really well financially, both in terms of top line growth and 
EBITDA growth and EBITDA percentage. Now, we focus is on Arrow and 
then Flying Machine to sort of grow their profitability and scale so that the 
overall portfolio delivers even better profitability. 
Palash Kawale 
And sir, what was the A&P expense for Q1? 
Ankit Arora: 
Sorry, we missed that. Which expense? 
Palash Kawale 
A&P, advertisement and promotions. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So, in Q1, typically it is slightly lower than 3% because the campaigns 
happens towards the end of season. So, we are in between that 3% to 4% 
spend, but for this quarter it was around 3%. 
Palash Kawale 
And, sir congratulations on the profitability for the PVH brands. So, do you 
see like these margins growing further by like 100 or 150 basis points for 
PVH portfolio? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: It is the market leader and doing really well and also growing further, then 
the scale average again kicks in. So, I am sure it's doing really well, and it 
should continue to grow from here. 
Palash Kawale 
Sir, what was the debt level by the end of Q1? And do you see like how 
much debt are you planning to pay this year? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Our net debt was around 225 crores. There is a seasonality, next quarter it 
could go up by 50-odd crores here because we have to build the inventory 

for the season and a bigger scale. But I think we will remain at this level 
and any free cash flow that we generate, we will try to pare down the debt 
level from that. So, I think we have been reducing our debt levels and that 
effort will continue. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: Current net debt is about 225 crores, and yes this is impacted by 
seasonality as Shailesh said. 
Palash Kawale 
Sir, if I look at online channel, what would be the contribution of online 
B2C right now and where do you see it stabilizing? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Currently, in this quarter, the online contribution is slightly close to 25% 
and typically the B2B and B2C are more or less equal, but the way the trend 
is the B2C will keep growing faster and taking a higher share and that 
journey has already begun. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Hi team, thanks and congratulations on good performance in a tough 
environment. So, firstly, if you can you can throw some more color on the 
adjacent categories, how are they performing, whether they are still a drag 
on margins and what's the outlook going forward especially for footwear 
which had gotten impacted recently, if you can talk about that as well as 
the other key adjacent categories? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Adjacent category development is one of the key growth drivers for our 
Company across all the brands. If I look at the overall share of adjacent 
categories like footwear, womenswear, kidswear, innerwear, this is at a 
Company level is more than 20% of AFL, and in the last 12 months that 
growth of this category has been double-digit and it's growing faster than 
the Company. As far as U.S. Polo is concerned, where we have invested 

even more heavily and prioritized the adjacent category, the share is even 
closer to 30% there in U.S. Polo. So, that category expansion is working 
well. It's improving our store productivity, delivering like-to-like growth for 
us. So, it's a big, big sort of part of the way we are taking AFL forward. As 
far as the footwear results is concerned, there are some regulation 
changes, and we are in touch with the policymakers and we are making 
sure that our supply chain is geared for whatever the change required. So, 
we'll wait and watch, and we'll react to the realities based on the policies. 
Himanshu Nayyar: But given that it's a large contribution now, just wanted to understand 
whether these adjacencies are a drag on your margins, basically whether 
the margins currently are lower than your apparel? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I've said this in this call and I reiterate that we are focusing on profitable 
growth, we are not really looking for growth for sake of growth. So, we are 
very, very mindful, watchful sometime in some categories, we do invest 
ahead and it's important as an investment maybe on marketing side 
sometimes. What the data we have is clearly that adjacent category are not 
a drag on overall profitability and they will contribute to the profitability of 
brands and of AFL. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Just like you gave the journey, your margin expectations on Arrow from 
low to mid single digits, would you have similar targets for the Flying 
Machine brand as well? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: FM is one year behind. We are just redoing the whole DNA for a long-term 
success of Flying Machine. So, FM is a one year behind Arrow in that 
journey. 
Himanshu Nayyar: And a final bit was on the retail expansion which you said 15% area 
expansion is what we are looking at. So, are there any specific brands 

where you'll be opening more EBOs or it will generally be across all the five, 
and any specific markets where you'll look to target, if you can share any 
color on that? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: All our brands are growing well, 15% sort of growth in square footage 
across the brand. But I would say the scope of opening more cities is in the 
non-PVH brands. So, U.S. Polo always has a much larger scope because 
every new mall in every town, small town, big town wants U.S. Polo as a 
key partner, right, as a key brand, any MBO that opens in any Tier-2 Tier-3 
city also wants to have U.S. Polo in its shop. So, U.S. polo eventually has 
probably the maximum scope in the short run, but Arrow the way it is, I 
think it can take many more stores. Flying Machine, once we finish this 
whole reengineering of the brand promise, we see a lot of opportunity to 
grow. TH, CK also adding square footage just that where the standards are 
such that we'll be more mindful and be a little cautious on which town you 
go to… you can't go to Tier-3 city that easily as U.S. Polo and Arrow can go. 
So, it will be across, but doesn't matter, I mean, even the big cities, in the 
top cities, there are enough opportunities for growth in Tommy, CK also. 
Bangalore, for example saw three new malls in the last 12-months and all 
the three good malls have very nice stores of Tommy, CK also, and of 
course the non-PVH brands, not just in the big town but in smaller Tier-
town also we can expand. 
Himanshu Nayyar: So, should we take away given this aggressive 15% number, I mean, if you 
open 15% expansion plus we get to our targeted number of LTL, so are we 
in a way preparing ourselves for say, 15% to 20% growth in the retail part 
of the business at least? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Our retail, if you look at last three years has grown quite well in double 
digit. But what happens is that when you open 15%, it doesn't actually 

impact the same year number, it impacts the next year number, right. So, 
that's why in the short run impact is less and the stores settle down and 
then grow. Yes, it will fuel our growth, but not necessarily arithmetically 
the way you are looking at, and in the current market conditions, things are 
not easy. But if the market conditions improve and the stores started 
settling down soon, so it will only fuel growth and we are committed to the 
medium-term growth going to maybe 12% and maybe a little higher, but it 
will all depend on the external environment. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Of course. I meant that in the medium term. Maybe once the environment 
improves, at least we are preparing ourselves for a 20% growth as well on 
the retail part. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I would say 12% to 15% is the mantra and like I said earlier, we are very, 
very watchful on profitable growth. So, we are very careful on the kind of 
stores we sign, the quality of the stores, the need for making money soon. 
20% number seems a bit on the higher side, I hope that number also 
happens, but in the current market environment and our whole focus on 
profitable growth, I think 12% to 15% in the medium term is a good 
guidance from our side. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gautam Rathi from CWC. Please go ahead. 
Nishit: 
This is Nishit from CWC. Congratulations on great set of numbers and judos 
to the team for a great execution. I just wanted to run a thought process by 
you and just wanted to know if my thought is right, it's very visible given 
the scale that Tommy and CK are, and the profitability of Tommy and CK is 
very visible. And is my understanding is right, U.S. Polo should be a bigger 
brand than Tommy, CK, but we are seeding multiple things in U.S. Polo 
itself. Is it fair for us to assume that in the next year or a couple of years 
whenever, at some point of time, U.S. Polo will start delivering EBITDAs 

and PAT closer to Tommy and CK and how far away from that? Firstly is 
that right to expect and then how far are we from that kind of 
performance? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I couldn't agree more with you. U.S. Polo is a total powerhouse in our 
portfolio and a brand, we are very, very proud of, and we have really 
refreshed this brand in the last two years in terms of product, fashion flair, 
quality, retailing, marketing. So, you have seen closely how the brand is so 
strong brand and a market leader, coming closer to 2,000 crores scale. 
Tommy, CK are, yes, delivering very good financial matrices results on that. 
And U.S. Polo is very close and it's also double digit pre IndAS EBITDA brand 
of scale that we are talking about. So, in medium term, I can say 
confidently it will be a similar profitability brand whether it's EBITDA or PBT 
or PAT, whatever level that you see. There is some work-in progress. I 
would say short term to medium term will definitely deliver similar 
percentage on financial matrices that Tommy, CK are doing, I don't have 
doubt on that. Of course, market conditions can impact. 
Nishit: 
I fully appreciate that you've just started the journey of reinventing and 
reinvesting in the brand also last year. But that's very heartening to say 
that it's not very far away and you expect it to get there. And the second 
big distraction which we are unable to, because it's very apparent your 
work in Tommy and CK is showing up very, very apparently, right. What is 
kind of not fully getting appreciated is because of the non-PVH part of it is 
not really showing up and that's where, one, is this U.S. Polo you are saying 
it will come back, and second is the drag which is there in both Arrow and 
Flying Machine, you called them out and you said there is a journey and a 
path to it. But now the final destination is at some point of time where if 
you could give some kind of a guideline, is it one year, two years, three 
years, let's say in three years, is it fair to assume that both these brands will 

also be at least a PAT-positive, because again then what will happen is you 
will have all the brands delivering positively to the PAT. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: No, I couldn't agree more to you, Nishit, because U.S. Polo is a 
powerhouse and what we are doing the way consumers are responding to 
that, the way channel is responding to that, it's a powerhouse both internal 
scale, profitability, the free cash flow that it has the potential to generate 
in the short run itself. So, I mean, if I look at two buckets, Tommy, CK and 
the second bucket of U.S. Polo, I couldn't agree more to what you're 
saying. Comes to the third point on Arrow and FM, yes, in next two years, 
three years depends on the market condition we will be in mid single digit 
EBITDA for sure and at that level there will not be a drain at a PAT level, 
etc., So, it's a fair assumption to believe given market condition that we 
should look at that scenario that we will have no major drain at a PAT level 
or PBT level from Arrow and FM and the Tommy, CK and U.S. Polo should 
continue to deliver good financial results. 
Nishit: 
That’s very heartening and very good to hear, Shailesh. Last point, we 
understand it's a tough market scenario. Have you seen anything for you to 
believe that the market condition has worsened from what we were in Q1 
or is it getting slightly better, can you give us some kind of qualitative from 
whatever you've seen from the last 30 days you've seen in the first half? I 
know it's very, very early, but just qualitatively are you seeing things get 
better, getting worse or is it kind of what we were? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Markets have been difficult for a couple of quarters. Summer, there were 
some specific issue linked to elections for example. The global warming or 
warming in India is the reality, May saw that. The markets are sort of 
challenging and subdued currently. I am believing that in the short run, 
they remain subdued, but maybe slightly better than they have been in the 

last year, and also the way we are geared up because once you assess the 
market correctly and know that markets are tough, then you react, and 
that's why lot of our growth engines are delivering better, and we are very 
confident that whatever happens to the market condition, our growth will 
be higher than what they were at the Q4 FY'24 and this quarter we 
delivered whether it's a high single digit or if market improves one or two 
percentage more, but markets are challenging but we are hopeful that we 
could get a little better because, for example, last year there was a Cricket 
World Cup in peak of Diwali, we had five weekends with India cricket. They 
are not going to happen in this Diwali, right? I mean that World Cup is over. 
So, maybe we'll get some better benefits from that in the remaining 
months of this year. So, we'll wait and watch and see. It's tough to predict, 
but more than the market condition, I would say we are very committed to 
improve on the revenue growth from what it was at Q4 FY'24 and we are 
working hard for high single digit and in good time maybe 10% revenue 
growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Sangwan from Berman Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
I observed that our interest expenses has increased from 35 crores to 38 
crores. So, what caused this? 
Ankit Arora: 
Jatin, it's largely on account of non-IndAS entry, because on the Tommy, CK 
side of the business as to what we have been maintaining in the previous 
calls, we have been opening on the Tommy side, the COCO stores, so it's 
only causing that our real interest cost has actually moved down both on a 
Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis 
Jatin Sangwan: 
But this change is not much reflected in depreciation; it's like 59 crores to 
61 crores. 

Ankit Arora: 
So, it's a mix of both on the interest and depreciation, because as to what 
you would understand when you open a new store, there is a component 
of interest, which is what largely goes up and then that's how it gets 
adjusted during the course of half year of the tenure. So, that's how you 
would look at, first it's coming in the interest and then it's getting 
normalized where it comes down over the rest of the tenor. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Actually, I can just say that both interest and depreciation. The operating 
number pre-IndAS are similar, maybe like Ankit said slightly lesser than 
before, some entries are IndAS entry and we have taken over stores in 
Tommy Hilfiger as COCO stores. So, that impacts the depreciation a little 
bit, but there's no major change, it's only on a downward trajectory. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
And what will be our pre-IndAS margin in this quarter? 
Ankit Arora: 
So, we have always said it's in the range of around 400 basis points 
difference from post-IndAS to pre-IndAS. So, you can do that math. We 
have reported about 12.9% post-IndAS margin. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
Last question is on this part. How much of our Tommy & CK stores have we 
converted from let's say FOFO to COCO? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We have 60 stores in Tommy Hilfiger which are now COCO stores. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
And in CK? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Nothing. It's in Tommy alone. Single brand. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Sagar Parekh from One Up 
Financial Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Parekh: 
Hi team and congratulations on a good performance. Just two questions. 
One is you mentioned that this Flying Machine is one year behind in terms 

of profitability versus Arrow. But did you give any number of what is the 
EBITDA currently of Flying Machine? If not, can you give us please? 
Ankit Arora: 
We don't disclose and unfortunately can't disclose the brand level margins 
and revenue on account of our global contracts. 
Sagar Parekh: 
But is it profitable or its loss-making at EBITDA? 
Ankit Arora: 
So, we have said we are on that journey. It's a very, very low single digit 
close to about breakeven kind of a number. So, that's something where the 
work is on to turn that brand around and to make that journey as to what 
we have seen the turnaround in Arrow over the last couple of years. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, this Arrow is low single digit you said, and this is broadly breakeven to 
slight positive? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: In both the brands we have a journey to improve profitability Arrow is one 
year ahead than Flying Machine. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, what would be the capex for FY'25? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: So, our capex is likely to be in the range of 100 crores, largely to be spent 
on some COCO stores on the PVH side, some IT capex and some renovation 
of stores. 
Sagar Parekh: 
How much was the capex last year? So, 100 crores seem to be on a higher 
side. 
Ankit Arora: 
About 85 crores, largely is on the Tommy side of the business. I don't have 
the break up but close to about half of it or maybe more than that. So, 
again that's how you should look at it for the FY'25 also. 

Shailesh Chaturvedi: Some of the new Tommy stores we are doing directly as COCO stores. So, 
some capex will go there, but our capex is flat in that sense and this 
quarter was around 24 crores and largely like Girdhar said, it's for 
renovation of our SIS or some maintenance of IT. There's no major project 
that will require capex other than couple of Tommy Hilfiger stores that we 
are doing on a COCO basis. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, this capex would be funded internally, right, or how it will work? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: In Tommy there are strong cash flows to deploy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharti from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Bharti: 
Sir, with regard to this margin expansion which we are seeing, is it possible 
to quantify how much of it is because of this FOFO to COCO, we are doing 
in Tommy Hilfiger? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, when we convert from franchisee to COCO, definitely, the GP goes 
up, margin goes up. I don't want to give a specific number but yes it's a 
ROCE accretive and we benefit from that investment of capex into the 
stores. That's a very small piece of the overall GP increase at AFL level. 
Largely, the GP increase has been because of the better price realization 
and better cost efficiency in sourcing. Even in this difficult condition, our 
discounting in full price channel was slightly lower than last year. So, we 
benefited from that. Premiumization gives the better realization. So, cost 
efficiency in sourcing and better premiumization is the dual benefit giving 
us that 80 basis points improvement in GP. 
Rajiv Bharti: 
Secondly, one of the marquee Denim players has been running steep 
discounts earlier in the last season as well, and probably this season. Do 

you think that cleanup is done, or we may see that again in terms of 
competitive intensity? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Sorry I didn't get question. Which of our brand are you talking about? 
Rajiv Bharti: 
No, no, I am talking about the competition. So, one of the marquee players 
have been entering earlier, right? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We can’t comment on the moves of competition, I won't hazard a guess. 
Rajiv Bharti: 
And thirdly, your PBT margins on the online side, is it comparable to the 
retail side? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, I am again repeating that online is a very healthy business for us. It's 
margins are quite good. And like I said, we are growing businesses which 
are with that mantra of profitable growth. So, at a channel level 
profitability, online has very good channel profitability. 
Rajiv Bharti: 
Lastly, if we were to combine your channel level, for example, the 
wholesale for Q4 and Q1 and then compare against last year Q4, Q1, I think 
the wholesale is still at an 8% deficit, right? We have seen substantial 
growth in Q1, but it is not enough to cover minus 18% of the previous 
quarter, right? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Between the department store and the MBO channel, we are growing and 
in fact MBO channel is growing faster because we are going to add 
distribution for all our brands. So, I am trying to check because our 
wholesale channels have grown, just that in Q4, we took inventory call on 
billing it closer to the season and not just adding inventory in the channel 
before the season starts. So, our channels are doing well. I mean just that 
in Q4, we took a decision to delay the inventory buildup closer to the 
season and that benefit has come in Q1. 

Rajiv Bharti: 
My only point is because Q4 by quantum wholesale is a much bigger 
quantum, right, put together, Q4, Q1? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Where we launched in a bigger part of the season in Feb, March, which 
we are now doing end of Feb and March. So, yes, Q4 is a bigger wholesale 
than Q1, you're right. But this Q1 is a bigger wholesale quarter than what it 
was last year Q1. 
Rajiv Bharti: 
No, I got that. I am saying that combined put together for example Q4, Q1 
last year was 664 crores versus this year we are at, I think close to 612 
crores. So, there is still a deficit. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: In the current market condition, we will be careful looking at whatever 
the inventory buildup. They continue to grow. We keep an eye on the 
inventory in the channel and based on that we bill into the market. 
Ankit Arora: 
And Rajiv, if I can just add, see, there will be of course seasonality, then we 
will play by that depending on which channel is firing and when. We want 
to just ensure that we stay very, very healthy on our inventory level and 
stock turn. So, yes, you may be having a right observation on Q4 and Q1 
combined when you are looking at it, but at the same time, if you really 
step back and look at our retail very, very good in Q4 as well. So, retail may 
have made-up for that same thing, could have happened for online as well. 
I don't have any ready data for that. So, there will be variances if you add 
the two quarters together, but the good part is we have seen all round 
channel performance and all the channels have grown and that's what is 
heartening for us. Yes, could be plus and minus on various channels 
depending on Q4 and Q1. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I will just add one color to it. In wholesale channel, we have very good 
visibility on the consumer sales, and we build this hygiene in last two years 

where we are getting regular daily update on how the wholesale channels 
are able to liquidate their inventory to the consumers. And based on that 
we create the pull of what more we can sell. So, if the market improve, 
we'll be able to increase the growth, and if the market slow down, 
automatically the whole system slows it down. 
Rajiv Bharti: 
Last time you indicated that you're looking for a high teen area addition, 
right. With the current Q1 environment, would you like revisit that or 
you're holding on to that target? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: You're talking about square foot addition, right? 
Rajiv Bharti: 
Yes, yes. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We are committed to 15% net addition this year on the Mar’24 base and 
the first quarter was a good quarter and we build more muscles in the 
market to ensure that. So, we are geared towards that 15% net square foot 
addition. 
Moderator: 
The last question for today is from the line of Ankit Kedia from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
If I just look at your annual report, if ex Tommy, CK numbers, other three 
brands have actually posted a decline last year. So, just wanted to know 
how was the U.S. Polo number, because even if I remove Flying Machine 
number, still there is a decline which makes me believe that Arrow would 
have also declined last year. Is that understanding right? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: I don't have ready for data last year, but I can tell you the trend is that last 
year in difficult market conditions, U.S. Polo did well. And if I look at this 
quarter, U.S. Polo has grown really well in double-digit in sales and in 
EBITDA, value also is much higher than that percentage. So, U.S. Polo is at a 

point now where it's really revved up and the growth and the EBITDA 
growth is very, very high. So, that's what will keep growing. As far as the 
Arrow is concerned I know that the formal category and the wedding dates 
in the previous quarter and now also been a little slow. So, Arrow has seen 
a little bit of slowed down, but U.S. Polo is really doing well. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Also in U.S. Polo, if I just see the annual report, we have cut down 50 stores 
last year, we have exited around 20 cities, which is lower than FY'19 in the 
city count also. So, is this rationalization of stores, cities across brand 
behind now for us and 150 cities for a brand like U.S. Polo is pretty much a 
low number given the time and the acceptance of the brand which we have 
wherein peers are today also. So, do you think in next three to five years, 
where do you see the city count for U.S. Polo coming and the store 
expansion? 
Ankit Arora: 
Ankit, I don't think your reading is right. There is a disclaimer, which is what 
we have given when we have given the store data. If you look at there is a 
asterisk mark there. We have only taken a mono brand stores based on 
certain feedback coming from you and other industry players as well. So, 
we have not added the point of sale where the U.S. Polo is still sold, but we 
classify that as a multiple brand outlet, but it's still an EBO likes of a Stride 
or Megamart or a Club A. So, all of that is not there. Your observation is not 
right when you look at the number of stores going down. Rather than that, 
the number of stores and square foot addition is incrementally going up 
and as to what you can see, in the last year full year net square foot 
addition was close to about 56,000, this quarter alone it's at about 45,000 
square foot. So, there is absolutely full wholehearted intent in terms of 
putting energies behind U.S. Polo to kind of grow that brand, similar to 
what Shailesh said, both from a square foot area and from a number of 
stores and penetration in terms of cities and towns as well. 

Shailesh Chaturvedi: I would just add to what Ankit said is that, it's such a strong and 
dominating brand that every retailer in any type of city wants to start the 
store with U.S. Polo, every department store, when they go to smaller 
town or regional department store wants to have U.S. Polo. So, brand 
appeal is very strong and it's less risky to go to a smaller town for U.S. Polo 
than let's say some other brand. So, USPA will continue to go to more and 
more number of towns, it continues to increase its square footage through 
stores, through MBO channel, through department store. So, I assure you 
that this brand is really revved up and we will continue to expand square 
footage. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And the last question is on inventory, across each of our subsidiary 
Company, inventory days have come down which is very heartening. Do 
you see there is some more juice left or this inventory is now stable and it 
should be maintained from here on? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: We are committed to stock turn of four, we improved from three turns to 
now four turns. This quarter also see our inventory days have come down 
by three days. We are using every possible means to see how we can 
improve the stock turn. Also, the advantage of lower inventory is that then 
we can sell more fresh goods and the margins become better, the EBITDA 
become better, consumer gets a better experience. So, we are really 
working hard and that's one reason why we open a chain called factory 
outlet of our own brands called Megamart where we are liquidating a lot of 
our old inventory faster with better cash realization. So, we are sure that 
there will be no stone left unturned to sort of liquidate inventory at good 
margin as fast as possible 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora for closing comments. 

Ankit Arora: 
Thank you everybody for joining us on the call today. If any of your 
questions have remained unanswered, please feel free to reach out to me 
separately and I would be happy to answer them offline. Thank you and 
look forward to your participation again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of. Arvind Fashions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.   
Note: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
