 
 
 
 
RL/SE/24-25/89 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on July 5, 2024, with respect to corporate 
initiatives of the Company. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
RAKESH 
MULJIBH
AI DARJI
Digitally signed 
by RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI DARJI 
Date: 2024.07.12 
20:04:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Corporate Initiative Conference Call” 
July 05, 2024 
 
 
 
                         
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S L POKHARNA – DIRECTOR – RAYMOND 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL –GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER–RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
–REALTY BUSINESS–RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHIJEET KUNDU – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Raymond Limited Corporate Initiative 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock Broking. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants in 
Raymond’s Corporate Initiative call. We have with us from the Senior Management, Mr. S. L. 
Pokharna, Director of Raymond Limited, Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO, Mr. Jatin Khanna, 
Head of Corporate Development and Mr. Harmohan Sahni, CEO of Raymond Realty. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Group CFO Amit, who will give you a brief summary 
of the company's corporate initiative. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on this call. It 
gives me immense pleasure to share that Raymond Limited Board has approved the demerger 
of its Real Estate business, marking a step towards shareholder value creation. Raymond is on a 
transformative journey and has taken several strategic initiatives to enhance these shareholder 
values. We sold our FMCG business for INR2,825 crores last year, making the Raymond Group 
net debt-free. Demerger of its Lifestyle business got completed on 30th June 2024 and 11th July 
2024 is fixed as a record date for the lifestyle business demerger. We acquired Maini Precision 
and doubled our engineering business to over INR1,800 crores revenue and foray into Sunrise 
sector of Aerospace, Defense and EV component business. 
Yesterday, Board has approved another corporate initiative for vertical demerger of its real estate 
business from Raymond Limited into its wholly owned subsidiary, Raymond Realty Limited or 
RRL and the process of demerger is expected to take anything between 12 to 15 months and will 
create Raymond Realty Limited into a pure play net debt-free listed real estate entity. The record 
date for this demerger will be announced once all statutory approvals are received. 
These corporate actions align with our vision to simplify the group structure and to create pure 
play net debt-free listed businesses, offering investors the opportunity to invest based on their 
investment philosophies. Following the completion of the lifestyle business demerger on 30th 
June 2024, Raymond Limited comprises of two primary businesses, one real estate and another 
engineering business. Pursuant to the real estate demerger approved by the Board yesterday, all 
the assets, liabilities, debt and investments relating to the real estate business will get transferred 
to Raymond Realty Limited. 
The Group has embarked on a journey where once our businesses achieve certain scale and 
maturity, we will create pure play businesses for unlocking shareholder value. The demerged 
real estate entity will seek an automatic listing on Stock Exchanges and according to the scheme 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
of arrangement, each Raymond Limited shareholder will receive one share of Raymond Realty 
Limited for every one share held in Raymond Limited. To ensure utmost transparency and 
fairness, the share entitlement report was taken from Independent Valuer KPMG Valuation 
Services LLP and a fairness opinion from Axis Capital Limited and which was approved by the 
Board of Directors yesterday. 
Raymond Realty, which primarily engages in the business of real estate development, has two 
revenue streams, development of its own 100-acre Thane land parcel and another from the asset 
light JDA model. The Thane land has the revenue potential of approximately INR25,000 crores 
with 11.4 million square feet RERA-approved carpet area. Currently, we are developing almost 
40 acres with RERA-approved carpet area of 4 million square feet and a revenue of INR9,000 
crores. 
The trust in our ability to build, sell and collect fast has given us a competitive edge. Our 
commitment to timely delivery and high quality standards is exemplified by delivering the first 
three towers of the project two years ahead of RERA timeline in 2023. This success is reflected 
in our high sell-through rate with which over 65% of inventory at Thane has been already sold. 
This efficient cycle demonstrates our operational excellence and strong market demand for our 
flats. 
Now, let me talk about the asset-light model. We have leveraged and recently Raymond Realty 
has signed four JDAs in the Mumbai metropolitan region with carpet area of approximately 2 
million square feet. The combined revenue potential from these four JDAs is approximately 
INR7,000 crores and with the development of Thane land bank and current four JDAs gives the 
company a potential revenue of over INR32,000 crores. 
The strategic move of demerger has come as Raymond's real estate business has achieved a scale 
by reporting a revenue of approximately INR1,600 crores and an EBITDA of INR370 crores 
with a booking value pre-sales of INR2,250 crores in fiscal '24, positioning it well to chart its 
own growth path as a separate entity. 
The engineering business will remain in Raymond Limited. Post-acquisition of Maini precision, 
the engineering business revenue has doubled to INR1,800 crores and the consolidated EBITDA 
stood for the engineering business at INR270 crores. Further with the entry into Sunrise sectors 
of aerospace, defense and EV enable us to grow faster pace. As we stand on this cusp of exciting 
transformation, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude for your unwavering support and trust 
in Raymond Limited. 
We believe that these strategic corporate initiatives will unlock significant value for our 
shareholders and enable each business to focus on its core strength and growth opportunities. 
The newly formed entities will be better positioned to attract investments, enhance operational 
efficiencies and capitalize on market opportunities. We are excited about the future and 
confident that these steps will lead to sustained growth. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Thank you for your continued interest and support. Thank you for the attention and now we are 
eager to hear your thoughts and address any questions you may have about this journey which 
we have embarked upon. Operator, please take the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Hi, good evening. My question is to Amit. Amit, can you help us understand the breakup of 
unallocable expenses between Real Estate business, Lifestyle business and the Engineering 
business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So. basically, what happens is unallocated is directly because of the various businesses 
which we have and certain common services which we provide. I think over the next one to two 
months, we are going to work out a structure which will enable us to identify exactly that how 
much it is for the Real Estate business, how much is for the Engineering and how much is going 
to be for the Lifestyle business, which we are in the process. So hopefully, in the next 30 days, 
we should have that done. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
But given that your Lifestyle record date is next week, if you can get this number earlier, that 
would be much helpful for the investors, also for the debt number and working capital? 
Amit Agarwal: 
For debt, very clearly, we have all the businesses which are net debt free. And clearly, in the 
Lifestyle, we are having at least to as on 31st of March 2024, we were having net cash of almost 
INR200 crores. And in the Realty business, we have in excess of INR500 crores of cash. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And what would be the working capital split between three businesses? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think working capital, basically, what would happen is, if I look at it in the lifestyle business, 
it should be in the range of INR1,200-odd crores, the working capital, networking capital. And 
in the real estate, it would be in the range of somewhere INR500 crores of working capital. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
And engineering? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Engineering could be INR300 crores to INR350 crores. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
This would be including Maini Precision acquisition, right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And what would be the timeline? Fair to understand, this would take at least a year to get 
the demerger of the real estate business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, I think that we just have gone through one of the demergers. We have seen that last year, 
we did in, I think, announced in April of 2023. We are just completing now, as we said, 30 June. 
So it takes anything between 15 to 16 months, I would assume. We are trying to expedite, but I 
think generally it takes 15 to 18 months to get this behind us. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And any thoughts on the demerger of the aerospace business from the engineering? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Look, as we said that we want to make sure when the businesses matured, we have a very clear 
timeline that at these certain levels, we would do the necessary steps in order to unlock the value. 
And very clearly, if you see, we told long back, three years back by 2025, we would be net debt 
free. And at that point of time, we had also indicated we would have the demerger. 
But since we got the possibility of selling the FMCG, reducing the debt and making net debt 
free in 2023, we took the action and we went out and did the demerger of the lifestyle business. 
And now, as the project in Thane plus the JDA have started, the company has done very, very 
well in terms of real estate business. That is the next step we thought is most appropriate that it 
can stand on its own feet very well. 
And it has also the growth capital available. And if you need to have a capital, because it takes 
12 to 15, 15, 16 months in order to get this formed entity listed play and real estate requires 
capital, if we need the capital at that point of time, it becomes handy to go out and raise capital. 
But as I said, we are sitting with cash of around INR500-odd crores, which will enable the 
journey. 
And since we are selling very well, as you know, we have sold 65% of our inventory at Thane 
and even the Bandra project within 30-odd days, we were able to sell almost 55%, 60% of the 
inventory launched. So I feel very confident that you would not require a significant capital, but 
you need to prepare the companies to enable you to raise capital at an appropriate time when 
you need it. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure, thank you. And just reiterating my request, if you can get the pro forma of lifestyle business 
earliest. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure, would do so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bhuvan MG from Tiger Assets. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhuvan MG: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. What is the execution time for the INR32,000 crores GDV 
which you mentioned? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think it will be over a seven, eight-year period, because as you know, on the INR32,000 crores, 
you have INR7,000-odd crores, which is the JDA led, which we have signed in the last three to 
four, six months, which takes to start the project anything between one year to 15 months. And 
then it's a life cycle of a five to six-year project. So I think good enough to say seven to eight 
years should be the timeframe. 
Bhuvan MG: 
Okay. Another question, what is the engineering business overall order book, good visibility, 
and where do you see this business in the next couple of years in aerospace and defense business 
and auto business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think it's simple. You know that today, the business is in the range of INR1,800 crores, 
INR1,900 crores. We have got three broad segments into this. One is in aerospace-defense, 
which grows phenomenally at a pace more than 25%-30% year-on-year. Then you have the auto 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
business, which is in the range of INR1,200-odd crores, which also grows at a good 10% to 15%. 
And then you have the engineering consumable business, which is roughly INR500-odd crores, 
which grows somewhere in the range of 8% to 12%.  
So I think overall, as an engineering business, we believe comfortably over the next four or five 
years, you should be able to double from here. And also, because the margins on the aerospace 
and defense is much higher with the auto components business and the engineering consumable, 
I think it will be sooner when you will be able to double the EBITDA. So I think the 
compounding on the EBITDA will be fast, much faster, as we believe the growth in the 
aerospace and defense business is going to be much faster and much stronger.  
Look, at this juncture, if you see India is just about 1% of the global aerospace components 
industry. And the vision as by the government as well as the major players is that we should get 
to 3% to 4%. And China Plus One is obviously helping into this cause. And we supply very 
engine critical components. And that entry is very difficult. And since we have entered, it's a 
question of expanding the number of SKUs, which you supply to them. So therefore, we are 
very, very confident that this is a great space to be in and a pace of growth will be also very fast. 
Bhuvan MG: 
That was very helpful. Can you tell some of your marquee clients for engineering? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think in terms of the naming the client, you know, these clients are having a very big 
confidentiality. But I can just tell you, the two big fleet which is operated globally, which is the 
737 MAX, as well as the 320, 321neo, in their engine, we are supplying the components. 
Bhuvan MG: 
And are there any more projects in your pipeline? 
Amit Agarwal: 
In terms of which -- real estate project you're talking or you're talking aerospace defense? 
Bhuvan MG: 
Hello. Real estate project? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Absolutely. You see, the testimony is very simple. In the last six months, we have signed more 
than three projects. We clearly are on the process of evaluating one after the other projects. And 
we have a strong pipeline. But since we have clearly identified the boundary conditions within 
which we will take the project, we get the project, evaluate the project. And then we say through 
that filtration process, whether it is right for us to take that project or not. And then only we 
decide. 
Bhuvan MG: 
That was helpful. All the best. Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Good afternoon, sir. My first question is on your cash flow. Sir, you mentioned that you have 
net cash of around INR500-odd crores in the realty business. And large project Thane is your 
own land, where you are doing an excellent job of selling and executing. And the four projects 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
that have been acquired till date are under JDA, where you don't have to give significant upfront 
investment.  
So I'm just wondering, because you are selling Thane well, where you don't have to pay for any 
land, four projects also upfront, you have not paid anything, I think JDA would be the route for 
future growth. So, I'm wondering how you are going to use the cash flow generated from Thane 
as well as the existing net cash of INR500 crores? So, if your path is mostly JDA, then what 
would be the use of those cash flows? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes, Harmohan here. See, JDA is while you don't have to pay anything on the land, but definitely 
it requires initial cash outlay. So, typically, any project which is ranging between around 
INR2,000 crores top line, which is what on an average, it is in the city of Bombay, the peak 
investment on a thumb rule basis for a project like that is somewhere in the range of INR300 
crores-INR350 crores. 
And then when you launch the project, that cash starts to come back. So, since we would be 
launching three more projects, plus there are other in the pipeline, so there is utilization of this 
cash flow that we have. Currently, we don't see any significant capital raising at least for the 
next two years, given the projects that we have and the cash flow visibility on the existing sales. 
But yes, this cash will be utilized in the business. It will not be lying idle. So it will be 
productively used. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And just to supplement what Harmohan said, you see, fundamentally, you have always the 
capability to take a project debt, but the project debt will never be given for the purposes of an 
approval cost. And as you know, our philosophy is very clear that we want to get all the possible 
approvals in place so that we never start and stop a project. And that is why our execution 
capability is such that we can deliver our projects two years ahead of RERA timeline as we have 
demonstrated in Thane. 
 
So, I think that is also and a business which is going to have a revenue in significantly in excess 
of INR3,000-INR4,000 crores on an annual basis. And real estate is a business where things can 
go up and down a little bit, you need to have a certain cash surplus available with you, because 
I'll give a simple example. During COVID, we kept 500 people at our site in order to construct 
24/7. So now what happens is these are certain exigencies which come into the play. 
 
And we believe as a good prudent philosophy, we don't want to starve ever any business that is 
running short of liquidity. And because of that, there is a delay in project. And you know, we 
come from a manufacturing mindset. If you have a plant, you need to have certain cash, which 
is available for meeting any exigencies. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, that's great. So I'm just trying to understand. So the future growth that the growth that in 
the real estate business that we expect to see that to predominantly come from JDA asset-light 
model or it will be like 50-50 mix of asset-light model and outright purchase. What is the thought 
there in the real estate business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So look let me reiterate what I said in the opening remark. Thane land with 100 acres has a 
potential of INR25,000 crores. The four JDAs of INR7,000 crores, that totals up to INR32,000 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
crores. And between these two, we have signed up 6 million square feet, 4 million, which we 
have, which is currently running, which values INR9,000 crores and the 2 million of JDAs. Now, 
obviously, we are getting every day inundated with the JDAs offer we evaluate. I'm pretty sure 
over the next few months, we will continue to acquire more and more JDAs. 
 
So with this 6 million, if you have been able to do what revenue and what pre-sales of INR2,400 
crores, which was 4 million square feet at that point of time, I think it is very simple that nothing 
in Bombay sells on an average of INR25,000-INR26,000 a square feet between the Thane and 
the non-Thane. So, I think if the company takes and the way it is working on a 10 million square 
feet under construction, you can comfortably say in the next three to five years, we are at least 
having a revenue potential of INR4,000 crores every year. And we have been delivering anything 
between 24%-25% EBITDA margin with 25% IRR. 
 
So good delivery of INR1,000 crores in terms of EBITDA and 25% IRR. So that puts us in a 
very good spot in terms of growing and developing the business further. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So that's good. But my question was in the future acquisition, would it be like heavily tilted 
towards JDA or it would be a mix of JDA outright purchase? That was my question. 
Amit Agarwal: 
At this juncture, we are very clear that we are moving towards JDA because there is enough and 
more opportunities in JDA. So, we are not going to invest today to tomorrow into land unless 
something very, very nice or something very attractive comes. But 99.9% of our focus is on 
building on JDA capability. There is enough and more opportunity available. You know, our 
Chairman has outlined in one of the briefings that he believes that over a longer period of time 
in Mumbai itself is a $2 trillion JDA opportunity. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. Okay. And just the last question on this, just can you give some color on this existing core 
JDA? Like what kind of revenue share on a small part level that we have to give to our partners? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So Biplab, every deal is different. It's very difficult to say that what's the kind of... See, each 
micro market pricing is different. Then the dynamics of the deal could be different. Sometimes 
the deposit requirements may vary for the landowner and also the product that we do may 
demand different cost dynamics. So as far as sharing ratios are concerned, they are different 
from deal to deal. 
 
Even the four deals we have done, they are all different. But we are very clear of the boundary 
conditions that we want to follow. I mean, one of the things that I mentioned to you is in terms 
of average size and the peak investment that we are looking at. And we look at a multiple of that 
peak investment coming to us in the form of the return. Basically, we target for about 25% IRR 
based on all these boundary conditions. And that's how we look at the deal, whichever way you 
want to look at, whether it is higher deposit and lower sharing ratio or higher sharing ratio and 
lower deposit, or there could be some other moving parts. But eventually, it should give us a 
minimum return. That is what we are targeting. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, that's good. I'll come back in a queue. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Thank you. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nishant Sharma from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you. First of all, many congratulations. Since the last time when we had our discuss about 
the demerger of lifestyle business, you have created a significant value unlocking for 
shareholders. So first of all, congratulations on that front. And I hope to get a similar kind of 
value unlocking happening for this real estate business as well. My question is more towards 
engineering business. 
 
So earlier we had just two businesses. One is the Files business and the auto component business, 
where broadly we had the revenue of about INR800 to INR850 odd crores. The new acquisition, 
which you just talked about can you just give us more specific in terms of what would be the 
total sales and what was the deal price for that or the multiple for that? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure, sure. First of all thank you. And I think we really appreciate the kind of commitment shown 
by the investors towards Raymond. And we are in that journey. And as I outlined, I think we are 
clearly doing one after the other steps in order to support and unlock the value. So thank you so 
much for that. 
 
Now coming to the engineering, I think fundamentally our focus was very clear that our business 
of engineering between Ring Plus and JK Files in that INR900 odd crores revenue. And it was 
a business which had a certain growth level. And it was not in the highest level of technology, 
which was growing fast. 
 
So we were on a scout mission so to speak, to see what is the right business, which we can get. 
And Maini Precision came on our way, where very clearly we found that you have the auto 
component business, which fits in very well with our strategy. And the combined business 
between Ring Plus and the Maini Precision auto business turns out to be close to INR1,200 odd 
crores. 
 
And also that we got into aerospace and defense. And that is a business which is roughly clocking 
on the run rate of INR300 crores. So total business of Maini is roughly INR900 crores, delivering 
an EBITDA of close to INR140 to INR145 crores. And we bought a multiple enterprise value 
of 10x. And that is where the whole thing was. We know that integrating between the two 
businesses, there is a great opportunity. 
 
If I look at it, the top 15 auto OEMs globally are covered by us, either by the Ring Plus or by 
Maini Precision. And it is very important with the auto players is that you have a foot in the 
door. Once you have the foot in the door, your ability to expand from one component to two to 
five and to 10, that brings you a greater opportunity. 
 
Similarly, if I look at in the consumable space, again with the Files, we have a great opportunity 
and some of the skill sets which are available in the Maini Precision, we can integrate some of 
the facilities. You will have the synergy benefits. You will have more capability as a group. 
 
Now we will be a larger group by the Maini Precision. And the way we have structured is that 
Gautam Maini, who was the promoter of the Maini Precision, we will consolidate all of our 
engineering business and he will be the CEO for the entire engineering business with Ravi Uppal 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
being the Chairman of the engineering business. So that management bandwidth also we have 
got added. 
 
So I think overall as a business, we see a lot of opportunity and we got into the sunrise sector of 
aerospace, defense, electrical vehicle components. So all in all, there is a great future growth 
potential we are seeing in this business. 
Nishant Sharma: 
In terms of production capabilities, if you can throw some highlights, what kind of capacities 
that we have and what kind of a utilization that we can bring it out and at a peak utilization, what 
would be the revenue which we can generate from those capacities? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So look as far as the Maini side is concerned, they are into machining of the various components. 
And the ability which they have built is right from steel to titanium to Inconel and very, very 
noble alloys, which are very expensive and because you have such expensive material the ability 
to machine and the charges which you get effectively what am I doing? I am selling machining 
minutes per hour. Rupee per machining minute is my revenue generation capability. Now as far 
as the capacity utilization we continuously innovate how to improve the productivity. 
Therefore, at this juncture maybe I'm utilizing 85% of the capacity, but what is also good in this 
thing is that with a smaller capex you can keep adding the business and growing the business. 
So our whole focus is that over the next few years when we talked about based on the earlier 
question that we believe over the next five years we can double the revenues is by adding some 
capacity, improving some of the product mix and moving on to upper value chain not just the 
components maybe the full assemblies to supply.  
So I think this all put together takes us to a better margin product, higher revenue and improving 
the profitability of the business. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay great. Sir we have just one last question before I fall back in queue. With this JK Files IPO 
which was in the offering for say last year we'll put to rest because now we are having an indirect 
listing to Raymond Group or that is still under consideration? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, so JK Files listing is not there. It is very clearly I think four quarters back I had reported that 
we have not doing the JK Files listing. Now we have a full engineering business. As you might 
have seen in the last call I mentioned that we are consolidating all of our engineering business 
under the scheme of arrangement which would enable that we would create two subsidiaries of 
Raymond Limited which one would have the auto components and engineering consumers 
business housed in and the other subsidiary will be aerospace and defense. So that's the way it 
is structured. It will be as an investment into the Raymond Limited. 
Nishant Sharma: 
And just a follow up on this when we say unlocking of business when we achieve certain skills, 
so what would be the criteria for those skills I mean for demerging another business if we have 
to say? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes I think we will build this businesses and it is difficult for me because it has got few strategic 
thoughts around a business and like I said even in the real estate business if you see at the 
juncture when we did was we could have done it last year, but since at that point of time we had 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
not started the JDA project, we had got only one JDA project. Now we have got four JDA 
projects. 
We feel way more confident that this business on its own can stand and can run as a very efficient 
business. So therefore it is there are a few parameters around based on which we say it is a right 
time for the company to get on a pure play basis. So we have yet to reach that in our engineering 
business. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you very much, sir. I fall back in queue. I have a couple of questions on real estate as 
well. So I will fall back in queue and come back. Thank you once again. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Kalle from InCred Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Kalle: 
Yes hi sir. Congratulations on the value unlocking at the demerger. Just two questions, one on 
the real estate piece. Now going forward do we have any sort of guidance on maybe how many 
projects we plan to do both on our Thane land parcel as well as the JDA now? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
The Thane land parcel is only 40% under development just now. So the balance land is available 
for us to do as many projects as the market can absorb. So like Amit also mentioned that over 
the next six to seven maximum eight years that entire land will be developed and we would be 
reaching the monetization event over there. So that's on Thane land.  
As far as outside of Thane is concerned and including other lands in Thane over a period of time 
we continue to look for new projects and we have a strong pipeline as of today itself. We are 
constantly evaluating projects. I mean so far in the last three years we have evaluated close to 
700 projects in MMR region itself. So out of that whatever meets our criteria and is in line with 
our investment philosophy and meets our boundary conditions in terms of returns and also in 
terms of risk management that we want to do, we take on that project. 
So as of now we don't see either capital or bandwidth as a constraint for adding more projects 
because we have a strong team which we have built over a period. I mean it's close to 330 people 
today by the end of the year we will be 400 people. So clearly there is no real constraint that we 
have for taking on new projects. 
Rohan Kalle: 
Sure sir. Thank you. And second question we were alluding to basically separating the aerospace 
and defense business within the engineering segment going forward. So just wanted to 
understand is there a timeline expected -- I mean expected timeline for this to happen? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So if these are both going to be the subsidiaries of Raymond Limited and you saw the scheme 
of arrangement because it is an unlisted business I think that speed is a little faster, but still that 
would take anything between seven to nine months. So I think what we expect before 31st March 
2025 the engineering consolidation and the demerger of two subsidiaries -- of two subsidiaries 
under Raymond Limited should happen by 31st March 2025. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Rohan Kalle: 
Sure sir. Thank you. I'll fall back in queue if I have more questions. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Yes. Hi sir. Just a question on the demerger process. So July 11th will be only for the Lifestyle 
business. When would the demerger of the real estate take place that'd be subsequent to that 
would it take some time and when is it expected that we will get shares of the Raymond Lifestyle 
as shareholders those are a couple of questions. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Shall I answer this or you want to raise the question and then I answer. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Yes maybe I'll just. The last one is that because the Maini acquisition you have 59% and I'm just 
thinking the residuals Raymond listed will only have these businesses. So would you like reverse 
merge it into that so that you have Raymond Limited become I don't know Raymond Auto 
Components and Aviation or something like that? Just thoughts on that? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. So first fundamentally so there are we are talking about two demergers. Lifestyle 
demerger which we announced last year has been completed NCLT approval, order 
pronouncement has all been done. We filed with the Registrar of Companies on 30th of June, 
2024 and the record date for the Lifestyle demerger is on 11th of July. On this particular date 
Raymond Limited shares will be ex-Lifestyle.  
Without Lifestyle that means the engineering business as well as the real estate business will be 
in the Raymond Limited and the shares would be listed there. The shares of Raymond Lifestyle 
Limited as per SEBI process normally take anything between 60 days, 70 days. So we expect 
that by end of August or early September, let's say hopefully in this quarter we should have the 
shares of Raymond Lifestyle also get listed.  
So that covers the Raymond Lifestyle. As far as Raymond Reality is concerned as a process we 
just announced yesterday, got the approval from the board which takes anything between 15 
months, 16 months. So till such time all the approval, various requisite approvals which is the 
SEBI, stock exchanges, NCLT, shareholders, creditors, all sorts of approvals takes that kind of 
a timelines.  
So for me to tell a record date today would be very difficult, but take for an example that let's 
say in the next fiscal year maybe third or fourth quarter we should be able to announce a record 
date for the real estate demerger. Okay so that is the second part. The third part as far as you are 
saying about a reverse demerger I think as I said the corporate initiative of these things will be 
thought through when we believe that companies have achieved the scale and ability and 
maturity and the business is such that you need to take any large corporate action of separating 
it out or doing something specific on that business will be done. So at this juncture, it is very 
difficult for me to point out any timeline on that. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Mithun Aswath: 
Great sir. Thank you. Just one last question on the Lifestyle business. Could you just give us 
some sort of like based on FY24 pro forma now the number excluding the other businesses and 
the unallocated expenses because that business had a very high ROC. Would you be kind of 
releasing those numbers for investors as well separately? Because also the equity is going to 
change, because the merger ratio is 4 to 5. So, just thoughts on that if one could understand? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes if you look at it, absolutely. And I think it is very clearly, vividly coming out. If I don't know 
whether you got a chance to see our investor presentation, we give a segment reporting. And if 
you see in the segment reporting, I recall right, one is a branded textile, another is a 
BrandedApparel, third is a high value cotton shirting. And the fourth is the garmenting. 
 
If you add these four together, and there we have clearly identified what is the revenue, what is 
the EBITDA. And even if you see in the financials, which we published for the SEBI, as per the 
SEBI, whatever rule is, that clearly shows the segment, what is the segment profit, segment 
revenue, segment profitability, as well as the segmental assets available for this. 
 
So I think that is all available. But in any case, we will be telling you in the next quarter, when 
the first quarter results will be announced, you will have the lifestyle numbers called upon very 
separately. 
Mithun Aswath: 
The reason I was saying is because now the debt is also not going to be there, because that 
business will become absolutely debt free. Otherwise, it was like a -- yes? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure, it will be a debt free business, because you see, as you know, that the business of lifestyle, 
we took temporarily the NCDs from Raymond Lifestyle Limited into Raymond Limited 
Lifestyle Business in order to repay the external debt. Now, once the demerger gets completed 
of the Lifestyle, the debt to NCD should buy Raymond Lifestyle to the business getting 
transferred, knocks off each other, and it will become a net debt free, and there will be a cash on 
the balance sheet. So to that extent, it is very clear that there will not be any debt. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Sure, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Bhuvan Mg from Tiger Assets. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhuvan Mg: 
Thank you. I just wanted to know why... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Bhuvan sir, your voice is not clear. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Very feeble. Is it possible, can you call back and get into the line? 
Moderator: 
Or else, Bhuvan sir, if you're using the speaker mode, may we request you to use the handset? 
Bhuvan Mg: 
It is audible now properly? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Much better. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Bhuvan Mg: 
Yes, I just wanted to know why JV Denim business is not part of the Lifestyle business and is 
part of the engineering business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So JV Denim, let us understand very clearly. The lifestyle business is primarily focused on a 
B2C business. It is a consumer-led business. And the Denim is primarily a B2B business, which 
is into the export of the fabrics, and it is a joint venture with a partner. Therefore, it was felt 
appropriate to keep into the Raymond Limited and not into the Lifestyle business. 
Bhuvan Mg: 
Would the JV Denim business would be somewhere dependent on Lifestyle business distribution 
or anything else? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No. Absolutely two diverse business. As I said, one is a B2B business, another is a B2C business. 
Bhuvan Mg: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sourabh Gilda from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
So, I just have one question. Just wanted to understand the timeline for all the recent projects 
that we have taken on. Any indicative launch time that you can give? 
Amit Agarwal: 
If your voice is not slightly, you are asking the project timeline, if I understand correctly. Hello. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Hello. Am I audible now? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Can you repeat the question because we were not… 
Sourabh Gilda: 
So, just wanted to get an indicative launch timeline of non-Thane projects. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, by H1 of next years, all the projects that we have signed would be launched. One project is 
already launched as you may be knowing the Bandra one, which has been extremely well 
received in the market and in terms of sales and construction going on in full swing and we are 
ahead of schedule there. The other three projects latest by H1 of next years would certainly be 
launched and hopefully will surprise you pleasantly based on if we get approvals earlier. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, we take and in our internal estimates, we are very clear that the day you sign a JDA, we take 
comfortably 12 months to 15 months for a preparation to launch a project. Because very 
fundamental principle of Raymond Realty, core principle is that you should, when you start the 
project, you should not have a start and a stop. Once started, it should run and that is the 
philosophy that is why we are able to deliver the project significantly before the schedule 
timeline, RERA timeline. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes, Sourabh, typically in the industry, you are aware that the cycle of a project from first signing 
to launch a project is roughly about 18 months to 24 months. And we have consistently done 
better than that on every project. So, our time to market for every project is shorter than what 
the industry averages. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Yes, sir. Great to hear that. And I just wanted to confirm if I heard you correctly earlier, you said 
that you will reach about INR4000 crores top line in about 3 years, 4 years. Is that what I heard? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Thank you so much. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Bhandari from AART VENTURES. 
Please go ahead. Pratik, your line is unmuted. You can proceed with your question. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Yes, I just wanted to understand as to the multi-services of the aerospace and defense business 
and what kind of turnover and margins are there in the same? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay, I think multiple, I cannot tell you for me, but what is the industry multiple? It ranges 
anything between 50 to 100. You have seen there are a few companies who are listed. So, that's 
on the part which is a market. I'm sure you guys are far more, smarter than us. You would know 
what multiples trade at these businesses. As far as the business is concerned, I can tell you what 
the business is all about. We have a run rate around INR300 crores with a 25%, 27% EBITDA 
margin. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
All right. Thanks a lot. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Yes, I had just one question. What has been the valuation of a real estate business? Because you 
have given one share for every one share held by Raymond Limited and basis of valuation? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, Abhijeet, the fundamental is it's a vertical demerger which you are holding the value in 
Raymond Limited as one share. Now, you've got at a mirror image one more share of Raymond 
Realty Limited. So, fundamentally, there is no sort of reason for a valuation we have done as a 
sort of extra precaution. 
 
We have done this internal report which enables us to ensure that it is a one is to one share. 
However, I'm sure with the kind of business which we are delivering with INR2300 crores of 
pre-sales and 6 million square feet which is under construction. So, you can well imagine and 
again, as the earlier question, you all know what the kind of multiples exist in the market. 
 
I think that should reflect that what kind of a value this business has because we believe this is 
a great opportunity for a real estate play at this juncture with the kind of things we have created. 
See, we are not selling you just an apartment. We are selling you a Lifestyle and fundamentally, 
I am not putting large capital at work because as Harmohan pointed out on a INR2000 crores 
project of a JDA, what we are putting is INR350 crores, INR400 crores max as a working capital, 
and that when you do it faster than the timeline, that's what the RERA gives you. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
It improves the IRR. So, I think attractive enough this project and the business is such and you 
have a great mix between a Thane and a non-Thane. I think put together both these things enables 
you in my opinion to get an attractive valuation but I will not comment on the valuation. You 
guys do that job. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
No, because, from this one share that the investors will be getting, there obviously is a substantial 
upside from there. So just wanted the base that’s it. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
You should just look at comps and the quality of our business and then give a value based on 
that. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Maybe I will be surprised. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Bhandari from Sohum Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Bhandari: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on taking one step forward towards making 
the structure much more simpler for investors. I had two questions. One is on the Thane side. 
While on your real estate project you were doing very well since last obviously two, three, four 
years and it was a crowded market and I think now in your vicinity of 5-7 kilometers, some more 
marquee names which have come in and they are also lining up their launches. 
 
I'm just trying to understand what changes to our strategy? Are we looking at in terms of sales, 
etcetera? How are we going to time our new launches? So some thoughts there would help 
because we have a fairly sizable inventory still there. That's the first question. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So Thane as a market has been crowded for the last 10 years. It's not as though it's gotten crowded 
now. Whether it was market was this strong or it was not so strong, it was always crowded and 
very good marquee names have been present. I mean, I wouldn't like to name the competition 
on our call, but I'm sure you guys track the market. So you know all the names which are there. 
 
So no really new names are getting added to that barring maybe one launch was there last year, 
new name got added. And well in terms of our sales, there was no impact of that launch at all. 
So as of now, we don't see any significant impact of any new entrant coming into the market 
because it's not as though there has not been enough competition. 
 
There has been enough and more quality stock, quality names, and a lot of projects which have 
been going on over the last four or five years. Despite that, we have strength of location, product 
pricing, and the efforts that our teams put in. So, we are constantly innovating in the marketplace 
also and coming up with new and new ways of handling the sales and marketing. 
 
We are challenging some of the given norms in the industry also. And that has given us the rich 
dividend so far. I mean, last two years, we are very proud to say that every third home which is 
sold in Thane is clearly a Raymond home. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
So all of that plus all the other initiatives that we are taking in terms of faster delivery and the 
quality of the business which is there, it is truly reflecting in the brand equity in the mind of the 
consumer. It's never one factor that you will just look at pure demand and supply. 
 
You also look at who the supply is coming from, what is his track record, whether he's fulfilling 
the brand promise, and it's a collective effort of all the various factors that we put in whether it 
is earlier delivery, whether it is the quality, whether it is the timeliness of service, whether it is 
the product and the various services that we provide, all of that plays a role. 
 
So given all of this as of now we don't see any significant threat to our market share in Thane. 
So we've been safely last two years, we've been selling close to INR1500-INR1600 crores worth 
of stock out of this one location. So, we hope that we will continue to do this. And so far, the 
factors are favorably lined up for that for us. We are not looking at a significant growth from 
this number because the rest of the growth is going to come from non-Thane. And that's what 
has happened last year. And current year also, most of the growth will come from non-Thane. 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think further to add to that, I think what is very important is as I said, we are not just selling an 
apartment we are selling a lifestyle. Second thing what is also understandable is that in Thane, 
if I have been able to sell 65% of my inventory because there is a very important factor of a 
Raymond as a trust, because Raymond stands for trust. And buying a home is a very large 
decision. 
 
Now if you go with some level of trust with a builder like Raymond, you are assured that you 
will get the delivery at a faster pace. And the best is Thane, everybody knows it is there. But 
even the same has been demonstrated in Bandra. When we launched Bandra, within the first 30 
days, we were able to sell 100 apartments out of 177 launch. 
 
So to that extent, I think we have these differentiators which enable us to ensure that our 
inventory gets sold primarily the first. And I think that is going to have a very big level of 
satisfaction, comfort with us. Today our customers have become so to speak, giving a lot of 
reference to the people that you should go and buy in Raymond. 
Abhinav Bhandari: 
This is very helpful. And I think even if you are able to sustain this run rate of 1500-1600, as 
mentioned, with a INR7,000 crores of launch pipeline, I mean, one can put in their own number, 
but I think that IINR3,500 crores, INR4,000 crores of retail that you talked about in next three 
years, I think that is a very conservative assumption that you're looking at from that perspective. 
 
But anyway the second question is on the engineering side and you helped us understand on the 
aerospace. On the defense side, just wanted to understand a little bit better, what is our mode? 
Which areas we are in? What are the products that we have? If you could tell us that on that. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. So look, in defense, what I said was our major capability is the machining of noble 
products, which is the Inconel and titanium. And as you know, that many of the different 
equipments which are being produced today have a requirement of either titanium, Inconel and 
some of the larger -- very sophisticated metals. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
So I think that machining enables us to get there. If you ask me that, are we significantly large 
as we have in the aerospace? Answer is no. But it is a process through which we are getting into 
it. And we believe over the next 3-5 years, it can become a sizable business. 
 
Today you are given for four or five different places for testing, the testing is on, you have 
reached certain level of maybe four levels of certification you have reached, you need another 
one to more level of certification. And after that, you become a large player. 
 
So I think we are in the journey. And the revenue will come, I would not say one year, maybe 
24-36 months, we see a little decent revenue coming into the defense  sectors. But aero side will 
continue to be much more faster growth, as we are established players. 
Abhinav Bhandari: 
And of this INR1,800 crores that you mentioned, how much would be the export sales and how 
much sales is from repeat customers, just to understand? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So 65% is export. And repeat customer I think would be 85% as we continue to get some of the 
new customers every year. Because it is a B2B business, where we are supplying to the auto 
ancillary, you are supplying to the aerospace guys. 
 
And even on the engineering consumables, just to give you the perspective, our JK Files is sold 
as a branded product in India, and we enjoy 65% market share in India. And even in the Western 
Africa, in the whole of Africa, Latin America and South America market, our Files are sold as a 
branded product. 
 
So they are also the distributors and such things, they buy on a repeat basis and the customers 
are there with us for 30, 40, 50 years. And I think that is once again, to give you a perspective 
as Raymond, we strongly believe in a stronger partnership and a valuable relationship which we 
have built over 50, 70 years. 
 
You look at our lifestyle business, we have dealers, franchises, networks, who have been with 
us for 50, 70 years, and they continue to grow the business. Like we launched the Ethnics, where 
we have to go for franchises or for the branded, the same guy who has a TRS franchise is coming 
forward and taking up the franchise for these things. So I think that relationship, the value of 
relationship, Raymond understands fairly well. 
Abhinav Bhandari: 
That's very helpful. Thanks a lot and wishing you all the best. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Runit Kapoor from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on the demerger. So just wanted to understand given the real estate 
industry context there has been a slowdown in Mumbai compared to the last quarter. So just 
wanted to understand like what micro markets are you looking at for the new deals? And are you 
looking at Navi Mumbai as a micro market because there's lack of grade A developers there? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So this is news to me that there is a slowdown in the Bombay market because we have not 
experienced it either in Thane or any of the micro markets where we have taken projects on just 
now. And we are actively tracking them. So we are only seeing an upward trajectory in terms of 
volumes over there. Even pricing remains very healthy. The increases have not been more than 
5% to 7% maximum 8% price hikes we have seen. 
 
So Bombay market in that sense is not volatile at all very healthy strong volumes with steady 
pricing. So that's what we have experienced so far and we continue to do so. Even this quarter, 
we are experiencing that last quarter also. That's what our primary data suggests. And to answer 
on the new Bombay yes, we definitely are looking at new Bombay as well. As we speak, we are 
currently evaluating a couple of proposals in new Bombay also. 
 
New Bombay is not as easy a market as the rest of MMR. And maybe that's the reason why you 
don't see too many grade A organized players there barring maybe one odd name you would 
have seen recently entering that market. And he also took almost three, four years to enter that 
market. I mean, the land over there is not easy to come by because mostly it's through SITCO 
option and that land is currently overpriced. 
 
And the redevelopments which come in, come in with their own bag of woes. So it's not easy to 
crack that market. But long story short we definitely are interesting. And if anybody on this call 
has a proposal they can approach us and we'll be happy to look at it. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Nishant Sharma from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity once again. A few questions on real estate side. Maybe it could 
be repetitive as well. On the 32,000-revenue potential that we have mentioned is it inclusive of 
whatever ongoing project that we have completed is also included in this INR32,000 crores or 
this is excluding what we have already booked? 
Amit Agarwal: 
The total project the potential INR25,000 crores is the Thane potential, which includes obviously 
some revenue which has already been booked. But on the other side, I've considered based on 
the current market but obviously the market prices as Harmohan mentioned 7%-8% has grown 
up. And I'm sure over a 7-8 year period I believe everyone would know that there would be some 
right implications. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Understood. And from the INR7,000 crores JDAs project, what would be our share of revenue 
from that segment or revenue potential? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
This is our share of the revenue only. We only talk in terms of our share. 
Nishant Sharma: 
That's great. Thank you. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
July 05, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Just to add to Amit's this thing that out of 25,000, we would have booked around roughly about 
INR3,500 crores worth of revenue so far. But that will be more than made up through price 
increases over the next 7-8 years, which we have not factored for. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you. That's pretty helpful, sir. Hope to have more such interaction going forward and 
meet you soon. Once again, many congratulations and all the very best for the future. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as our last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal Group CFO for closing remarks. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much for taking the interest. We will chat once again in the next 30 days for our 
financial numbers for the first quarter fiscal 25. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Raymond Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
