NSE & BSE / 2024-25 / 117 
July 24, 2024 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Ref: 
Transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 19, 2024 
Our earlier intimation under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2024-25 / 110 titled as 
‘Outcome and Audio call Recording of investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 19, 
2024’ 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the 
investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 19, 2024, for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024. 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website. 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q1FY25.pdf (persistent.com) 
This is for your information and records. 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: As above 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
CIN - L72300PN1990PLC056696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2024.07.24 
17:28:01 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS LIMITED - EARNINGS CONFERENCE 
CALL, FIRST QUARTER, FY25, ENDED JUNE 30, 2024” 
July 19, 2024, 8:00 AM IST 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Mr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director 
 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems’ 
Earnings Conference Call for the First quarter of FY25 ended June 30, 2024.  
We have with us today on the call Dr. Anand Deshpande, Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra, Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Vinit Teredesai, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sunil 
Sapre, Executive Director and Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi, Head of Investor 
Relations.  Please note, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
management’s opening remarks.  Should you need any assistance during 
the conference call, please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on 
the screen.  While asking questions, request you to please identify yourself 
and your company.  Please note this conference is being recorded.  I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi.  Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Moderator.  Good Morning and Good Evening to everyone on 
this call.  We're grateful for your participation and for spending time with 
us today.  Before I hand over to Sandeep for his prepared remarks, I would 
like to update you of key changes to our reported metrics, which we 
normally do at the start of a new financial year.  These changes are based 
on interactions with and inputs that we receive from analysts and investors 
throughout the year.  Let me now update you of these changes.  With 
respect to client engagement size, the new client buckets will include $1 
to $5 million, $5 to $10 million, $10 to $20 million, $20 to $50 million, $50 
to $75 million, and $75 million plus.  As you would have noticed, there are 
a few additional client buckets that we will be sharing going forward.  We 
will be discontinuing the metric of top one customer contribution as our 
revenues are increasingly getting broad-based and other larger customers 
are scaling up and entering the top 5 client bucket. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
Hence, going forward, we will be sharing revenue contribution from top 5, 
top 10, top 20, and top 50 accounts.  We will also be sharing unbilled DSO 
in addition to the billed DSO information that we already provide in our 
analyst deck.  I would like to draw your attention to the fact that, as part 
of our prepared remarks, we would primarily be comparing metrics to the 
same quarter of last year instead of focusing on quarter-on-quarter 
changes.  Finally, let me talk about a statutory matter.  Please be advised 
that as part of our prepared remarks and during Q&A, we may make 
certain statements which are forward-looking and may involve significant 
uncertainty.  Persistent does not take any responsibility to update such 
forward-looking statements, and your discretion is warranted while 
making any decision.  With this, let me hand over to Sandeep for his 
prepared remarks. 
Sandeep Karla: 
Thank you, Saurabh.  Good Morning, Good Evening to all of you depending 
on where you're joining from.  Let me begin with an important 
management update.  Vinit Teredesai has taken over from Sunil Sapre as 
our new CFO.  I would like to thank Sunil for his exemplary contributions 
to Persistent over the last 9+ years and for being a trusted partner in our 
shared journey at Persistent over the last 5+ years.  Sunil will continue to 
be on our Board as an Executive Director till December 2024, when he is 
scheduled for superannuation.  I would like to welcome Vinit as our new 
CFO.  Vinit has had an illustrious career, most notably as CFO of 
LTIMindtree and KPIT.  I look forward to a successful partnership with him 
over the next several years as we endeavor to take Persistent to newer 
heights.  As we begin our journey into the new fiscal year, I am happy to 
report that we have achieved a strong growth of 5.6% quarter-on-quarter, 
translating into a 16% year-on-year growth.  This marks our 17th sequential 
quarter of quarter-on-quarter growth. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
As always, I would like to thank our customers, partners, employees, 
analysts and shareholders who have contributed to and stood by us during 
our growth journey.  In rupee terms, this growth comes in at 17.9% year-
on-year and 5.7% quarter-on-quarter.  EBIT for the quarter came in at 14%, 
an increase of 10.8% year-on-year.  Profit after tax for the quarter was 
11.2%.  Please note that effective July 2024, we have awarded our regular 
salary hikes.  Vinit will provide detailed color on the financials and margin 
movement later in this call.  Coming to the order book for the quarter.  The 
total contract value for the quarter came in at $462.8 million with the total 
contract value of new bookings being $310.8 million.  The ACV or Annual 
Contract Value component of this TCV is $337.3 million, of which the ACV 
from new bookings contributed to $198.1 million.  Please note that our 
revenue conversion on a quarterly basis is a function of ACV bookings done 
in previous quarters as well as conversion from multi-year deals that we 
have booked in previous years, which are included in our total contract 
value or TCV bookings that we report.  As always, these TCV, ACV numbers 
include all bookings, small and large, renewals as well as new bookings, 
across existing and new customers. 
Coming to the client engagement size:  
Let me now give you some color on our client movement across various 
reported categories.   
We witnessed healthy year-on-year growth among various client buckets 
with our top 5 customer revenue up 28%, top 10 up 21.5%, top 20 up 
19.3%, and top 50 up by 19%.  The contribution from top 10 customers is 
41.5% in this quarter, an increase from 39.6% from same quarter last year.  
This is a demonstration of our ability to scale customer relationships 
significantly and often in competition with larger IT service providers.  In 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
this quarter, we reported 178 customers with annualized revenues over $1 
million. 
 
Coming to the geographical performance: 
In terms of year-on-year growth in USD terms, North America revenue 
grew by a healthy 18.2%, while India grew by 15.7%.  Europe revenue 
declined 7.1% year-on-year, while rest of the world revenue grew by 65.6% 
year-on-year, albeit on a low base.  The decline in Europe revenue is partly 
due to decline in our salesforce related business from that geography and 
rationalization of tail customers specific to the salesforce related business.   
Let me now give you a color on this quarter’s performance from an 
industry segment perspective: 
This quarter’s growth was led by healthcare life sciences and BFSI industry 
verticals.  The two of them grew by 66.8% and 7.3% respectively, on a year-
on-year basis.  Software, hi-tech and emerging verticals grew at 2.4% year-
on-year.  I'm also pleased to share with you that our BFSI segment crossed 
the $100 million revenue mark for the first time in our history. 
Moving on from operational metrics to certain strategic highlights for the 
quarter:   
We recently concluded our 34th Annual General Meeting, this week on 
16th July.  I'm pleased to share that all the resolutions that were put to 
vote have been approved by the shareholders with requisite majority.  I 
would like to take a moment to thank all our retail as well as institutional 
shareholders for their support in this regard. 
Coming to the Board updates:  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
The statutory term of 10 years for Ms. Roshini Bakshi as an Independent 
Director on our board has come to an end at our recently concluded AGM.  
I would like to thank her for her contributions over the years.  During her 
tenure, Persistent has grown 4X to the current trailing 12-month revenue 
of $1.2 billion plus.  The company has immensely benefited from her 
guidance, especially in the matters of strategy and M&A.  I'm also pleased 
to welcome Ms. Anjali Joshi as an Independent Director on our Board.  Ms. 
Joshi has more than 30 years of engineering and product management 
experience, including 13 years in senior product leadership roles at Google. 
She was instrumental in building and scaling several products globally, 
including Google Search and Google Maps.  Prior to Google, she held 
engineering leadership positions at Covad Communications and AT&T Bell 
Labs.  She's currently a Director at Xero, a leading cloud-based accounting 
software company based in New Zealand, and LocoNav, a startup in the 
domain of fleet management technology.  She was previously a Director at 
Alteryx, Lattice Semiconductor, Iteris, MobileIron, and McClatchy.  We look 
forward to leveraging her experience and guidance in the software and hi-
tech domain to scale our company to greater heights. 
On behalf of the Persistent family, I'm proud to share with you that our 
founder, Chairman, Dr. Anand Deshpande, received the 2023 Association 
for Computing Machinery (ACM) Presidential award for his contributions 
to the global computing community and ACM through his visionary 
leadership, strategic collaboration and commitment to advancing the field 
of computing science and engineering.  On behalf of the entire Persistent 
family, I would like to take a moment to congratulate Anand on this 
prestigious achievement. 
Coming to our strategic investments in AI:  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
Our play in the AI domain has two broad vectors, AI for technology and AI 
for business.  The AI for technology vector is all about transforming the 
way software gets developed.  AI for business vector is about transforming 
enterprises right from business model transformation, operational 
transformation, data to insights and action, customer experience and 
leveraging generative AI.  This approach is centered around three 
foundational pillars spanning across a shift to platform-based services 
from a human-based services approach, making strategic inorganic bets to 
complement our internal investments, and bringing the best of our partner 
ecosystem to our clients’ leverage. 
SASVA is our state of the art generative and deterministic AI powered 
digital engineering platform that, combined with a modern engineering 
framework, is at the core of our AI for tech proposition.  SASVA brings 
together our rich digital engineering heritage and human creativity with 
AI’s limitless potential to deliver higher value and faster time-to-market for 
our customers and higher employee productivity for us.  With respect to 
AI for business, we have developed a set of IPs and accelerators such as 
iAURA and GenAI Hub, which enable enterprises to speed up the adoption 
of Gen AI use cases that are enterprise-grade, enterprise-safe, and 
enterprise-scale.  We've also identified several horizontal use cases that 
are applicable across the industries that we service.  One of such horizontal 
use cases around leveraging AI in the contact center space.  We had been 
scouting for a suitable immediate target in this space as we continue to 
build internal capabilities.  I'm happy to share that earlier in the month, we 
announced our intent to acquire New Jersey based Starfish Associates.  
The integration of Starfish’s contact center platform with our existing 
unified communication offerings will enable us to significantly disrupt the 
domain and increase our traction with our existing customers on the back 
of AI-led innovations. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
We'll also leverage our robust partner ecosystem and their advanced AI 
solutions such as Google Contact Center AI, AWS Connect, advancements 
in Microsoft Teams to elevate our contact center modernization play with 
our customers.  We are likely to close the transaction in the next 2 to 3 
weeks and expect to start executing in line with our defined integration 
framework.   
In Q1, we also signed a strategic partnership agreement with Google that 
further strengthens our hyperscaler-led offerings centered around AI-led 
industry solutions.  This agreement will help us in driving joint go-to-
market activities and accelerating digital transformation for enterprise 
customers globally. 
Using Google's Cloud Gemini models, along with other innovative Google 
Technologies, we will develop industry-specific solutions to drive broad-
based AI adoption.  Additionally, as a specialized Global Systems 
Integration partner, we will be integrating and implementing Google Cloud 
Solutions at scale.  Finally, we'll leverage the strategic partnership with 
Google Contact Center AI to accelerate the adoption of our integrated 
Unified Communications platform from our Starfish acquisition. 
Let me give you a few examples of case studies from Q1 gone by.   
We were selected as an engineering partner by a hyperscaler to perform 
audits of a multitude of solutions developed by different technology 
partners.  Post audit by us, the certified solutions will get a badge of 
accreditation which will positively impact consumption of such certified 
solutions.   
Persistent was selected by a leading American Financial Services 
Organization, managing over $800 billion in assets to improve the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
productivity of its multiple scrum teams, covering 300+ employees through 
the adoption of GitHub Copilot. 
We are partnering with the customer in an outcome-driven engagement 
model and will be establishing an engineering productivity center of 
excellence to help adopt modern delivery practices embracing Gen AI and 
data-driven improvements.   
We were selected by a leading US-based payor that offers the largest not-
for-profit Medicare/ Medicaid Public health plan in the country with over 
1.5 million members and over 8,000 providers, to modernize its aging 
provider-facing applications which have been hampered by outdated 
architecture and poor documentation.  This engagement will leverage Gen 
AI to document existing functionality and our SASVA platform to help 
replace the legacy front-end with a modern interface for improved 
usability and maintainability. 
Coming to the outlook and strategic direction on our AI initiatives.  We 
remain steadfast in our approach to making AI integral to the entire 
Persistent operations, both from a service offering perspective and 
internal operations.  With SASVA and other accelerators, we've pivoted to 
a platform-led services approach.  Our goal in the longer term is to drive 
increased revenue and profit per employee as we progress through the AI 
adoption journey in the years to come.  We will continue to provide 
updates on our AI initiatives in subsequent quarters. 
Coming to an update on the revenue enhancement and cost optimization 
initiatives.  As we embarked on our journey to 2 billion dollars, we've 
spawned off two company-wide initiatives.  One focused on enhancing our 
service offerings and our approach in mining our strategic accounts and 
the other one on cost optimization. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
On the cost optimization and operational efficiency side, we have been 
benchmarking our policies with respect to industry best-in-class whether 
on parameters like employee compensation and benefits, employee long-
term incentive plans such as ESOP etc.  Some of these will give us a one-
time benefit while most of them are aimed at structurally balancing our 
cost base while enabling the right investments to fuel our growth 
aspirations. 
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in Q1 FY25 in a 
challenging business environment.  I would like to now invite Vinit to 
provide a detailed color on the quarterly financials and related matters, 
after which Saurabh will provide an overview of our key deal wins and 
awards and recognitions.  I'll come back after Saurabh's comments to 
summarize our prepared comments before we open for the Q&A.  Over to 
you, Vinit. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, Sandeep and Saurabh.  Good morning, Afternoon, Evening 
everyone depending upon the time zone and thanks for joining this call.  
First, I would like to thank Sunil for a smooth transition and helping me 
settle down.  I would like to thank him on behalf of entire Persistent family 
for his significant contribution in this remarkable growth journey.  I will 
now take you through the financial highlights for the quarter.  Revenue for 
Q1 of FY25 was $328.2 million and ₹27,371.7 billion registering a year-on-
year growth of 16% and 17.9% respectively.  EBIT for Q1 FY25 was ₹3,840.2 
million growth of 10.8% year-on-year and 2.6% compared to Q4 of FY24.  
EBIT margin for the quarter was 14% compared to 14.9% in Q1 of FY24 and 
14.5% in Q4 of FY24. 
Let me give you a walkthrough of EBIT margin for Q1 compared to Q4 of 
FY24.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
There was a 60 bps impact on account of one-time visa costs, 210 basis 
points impact of increase in subcontractor costs to support the onsite 
ramp up in key accounts, 70 basis points on account of higher SG&A during 
the quarter.  
However, as Sandeep mentioned earlier, as we started growth and our 
cost optimization programs for the fiscal year 2025 and beyond, the 
benefits will be visible strongly in the subsequent quarters.  However, 
some partial benefits have also accrued in the current quarter. The 
tailwinds for the quarter are as follows:  
• The increased utilization has benefited margins by 90 basis points 
• Operational efficiencies contributed another 90 basis points 
• Reversal of earnout credit pertaining to past acquisitions 
contributed 60 basis points 
• Change in the useful life of computer and networking assets 
contributed 40 basis points  
• while employee benefit rationalization net of increased ESOP costs 
contributed 10 basis points   
I would also like to elaborate on our approach to M&A.  As a part of M&A 
business case, we assigned a part of purchase consideration for an 
acquisition to scalability of revenue and margin profile over a period of 
time. 
This serves as a check and balance in case such revenue and margin uplift 
does not happen with our earnout liability being marked down in line with 
acquisition performance.  Two of our acquisitions did not entirely pan out 
in line with our expectations and the lower consideration amount that we 
are liable to pay has been written back in our P&L. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
Moving on, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.5% compared to 
25.5% in Q1 of FY24.   
Profit after tax was ₹3,064.2 million, growth of 33.9% year-on-year on 
reported terms.  As you would recollect last year in Q1 of FY24, profits after 
taxes reported had one-time exceptional spend impact on account of 
company reaching billion-dollar revenue milestone.  The growth in profits 
after tax in Q1 FY25 is 15.6% year-on-year after adjusting the impact of this 
exceptional spend net of taxes in Q1 of FY24.  The PAT margin came at 
11.2% in Q1FY25.  Earnings per share for Q1FY25 is ₹20.10 per share 
compared to ₹15.30 per share.   
Cash generation in this quarter was better compared to Q1 of FY24 despite 
major outflows on annual benefit payouts and renewals of few enterprise 
applications. Operating cash flow to PAT for Q1 of FY25 was 49.3% 
compared to negative 23.5% during same time last year. We continue to 
maintain our focus on operating efficiency and working capital and expect 
our cash generation from operations to improve in the next few quarters.  
Due to internal re-organization of business operations, our invoicing was 
delayed in Q1 of FY25 resulting in our billed DSO remaining flat year on 
year while unbilled DSO increasing by 4 days to 25 days year-on-year 
respectively. We continue to focus on invoicing in time and improve our 
collections in the next few quarters. Our cash and investment balance, net 
of borrowings were ₹18,258.4 million or $219 million. As we continue to 
grow, we are committed to maintaining our focus on optimizing our cost 
and at the same time, make the right investments in business. The net 
effect of the same will result in improvement of our operating and net 
margins in the subsequent quarters.  
Now let me give you some key operational updates.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
At the end of Q1, our total headcount stood at 23,519, an increase of 389 
from Q1 of last fiscal year. Compared to the previous quarter i.e. Q4, our 
headcount has declined by 331. We have optimized unbilled headcount 
over the course of last 4 quarters by hiring selectively for billable roles.  
With this, the blended utilization for Q1 came in at 82.1% compared to 
78.3% in Q1 of FY24. Utilization in the previous quarter, that is Q4 was 80%. 
As mentioned earlier, this contributed to our margin performance in this 
quarter.  
Trailing 12-month attrition for the quarter came in at 11.9% compared to 
15.5% in Q1 of last year. Attrition has come down to a comfortable band 
for the past few quarters in line with the industry trend.  
I am happy to share that we have published the 3rd edition of our ESG 
report highlighting the progress we have made against the stated ESG 
goals. This report is available on our website under Environmental, Social 
and Governance Section. We encourage our listeners to go through the 
report. 
As we have mentioned in our earlier analyst calls, our aspiration is to 
achieve carbon neutrality for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions and 100% 
renewable energy sourcing by middle of FY25. We are also working 
towards net-zero carbon emissions well ahead of 2050 target set by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 
Let me now hand over to Saurabh for deal wins and recognitions during 
the quarter. 
Saurabh Dwivedi:  
Thank you, Vinit. I will now talk about key deal wins in Q1 by industry 
segments.  
Let me begin with Software, Hi-tech and Emerging Industries, our largest 
vertical.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest US-based technology 
companies to provide engineering, deployment and support services for 
its cloud offering on a tier 1 virtual server platform. This is a 5-year $50mn+ 
deal in which the benefit to the customer includes accelerated roadmap 
for its Cloud offering with predictable transition of engineering and 
support effort to offshore.  
Persistent was selected by leading Network Lifecycle Automation company 
based in Europe to consolidate R&D operations spread across multiple 
geographies and drive productivity enhancements. Persistent’s expertise 
in Service Assurance, Observability and AI Ops were the key differentiators 
in winning this engagement. The benefit to the customer includes 
acceleration of AI, data and SaaS-focused roadmap through consolidation 
of distributed effort.  
Persistent was selected by a leading application security testing business 
which has been carved out by leading private equity firms from one of the 
largest semi-conductor design software companies to undertake 
greenfield setup of IT infrastructure and security operations. This 5-year 
modernization and managed services deal is a recognition of Persistent as 
a trusted partner for leading private equity companies. The benefit to the 
customer includes on-time transition to an IT infrastructure independent 
of its parent. 
Coming to banking, financial services and insurance.  
Persistent was selected by one of the largest US-based financial services 
and wealth management firms to modernize customer data applications, 
business KPIs across Risk & Sales functions and implementation of the Gen 
AI roadmap. This engagement will leverage Persistent’s Data and Gen AI 
access including iAURA and GenAI hub. The benefit to the customer 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
includes engaging with a nimble strategic partner in the domain of data 
engineering to modernize its customer-facing operations.  
Persistent was selected by one of the largest US-based Fintech companies 
to build a cloud-native payment rail solution to enable real-time payments 
for its customers. Persistent’s expertise in the payment’s domain and in 
building microservices-based architecture was a key differentiator in 
winning this engagement. The benefit to the customer includes building 
Payments as a Service platform in line with its strategy of becoming a third-
party service provider for other financial institutions.  
Persistent was selected by one of the largest banks in the APAC region to 
modernize its banking platforms to be used by 5,000+ business banking 
staff and end-to-end digitization of decisioning and processes for lending 
to business banking customers. The benefit to the customer includes 
modernization of legacy technology and non-digitized processes leading to 
improvement in business banking customers’ NPS.  
And finally, within our healthcare & life sciences vertical: 
Persistent was selected by one of the leading precision oncology 
companies for the enhancement of its Assay Control Software to keep 
track of samples processed as well as usage of reagents and instruments. 
Persistent was selected for its expertise in the bioinformatics and 
laboratory information systems domain. The benefit to the customer 
includes better turnaround time and reduction of errors due to manual 
entry processes.  
Persistent was selected by one of the largest US-based multinational 
health insurance company to migrate its current on-prem Clinical and 
Claim Datawarehouse to a cloud-based platform using Microsoft Azure, 
Databricks and Data Build Tool (DBT) framework. The benefit to the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
customer includes efficient storage and transportation of data to run faster 
analytics for actionable business insights.  
And finally, Persistent was selected by one of the leading US-based 
diagnostic companies to undertake product lifecycle management of its 
critical applications related to genetic condition diagnostics. Persistent was 
selected for its product engineering capabilities in the genomics domain. 
The benefit to the customer includes partnering with a trusted offshore 
engineering partner for accelerated roadmap of its critical applications. 
Moving on to the awards and recognitions for the quarter from leading 
analyst firms.  
Q1 saw us get continued recognition from industry-leading analyst firms 
and associations. To mention a few: 
Persistent was recognized by ISG in the following categories: 
• Persistent was ranked as a leader for Digital Engineering Services 
by ISG in the US and Europe 2024, and  
• Persistent has been recognized as a leader and rising star in ISG’s 
Provider Lens™ Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2024 report. 
Persistent was ranked as a leader in HFS Hi-Tech Services 2024 for Platform 
Engineering Expertise.  
Persistent has achieved Premier Services Partner status with Snowflake 
which is a testament to Persistent’s expertise in building and modernizing 
clients’ data platforms, developing innovative solutions and migrating data 
on the Snowflake Data Cloud.  
Persistent won the Masters of Risk Award in the Risk Governance category 
at the CNBC TV18 India Risk Management Awards, and Persistent was 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
recognized for Excellence in Governance and Executive Leadership at 
Institutional Investors 2024, Asia Executive Team Awards. 
This completes the section on key wins and Awards and Recognitions and 
let me hand it back to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you, Saurabh. In summary, we have started FY25 on a positive note 
delivering a strong revenue growth in Q1. We are confident that the 
various revenue enhancement as well as cost optimization initiatives that 
we are working on, will provide us a significant boost in margins as we exit 
FY25. With these, our endeavor is to deliver a healthy revenue growth for 
the full year FY25 and a similar margin profile as we delivered in FY24. We 
remain committed to our margin improvement guidance of 200-300 basis 
points over the next couple of years as we scale our business. With this, I 
would like to conclude the prepared comments and would like to request 
Sunil to make a few comments before we request the operator to open 
the floor for questions. Sunil, over to you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Thank you, Sandeep and would just like to take a moment to thank Anand, 
Sandeep and the entire Board for the trust and confidence imposed in me 
in my role as the CFO and also to all our senior leaders and fellow 
employees in our growth journey. When I joined the company, it was 
about $350 million company. Today it is almost $1.2bn+ run rate, so it has 
been a very satisfying kind of a period. Lot of intense activity. And I must 
thank you all, for all the valuable insights, insightful questions and many 
times keeping us on our toes and am sure you will continue to do that 
which is a very balancing role that you guys play. I am very happy and 
would like to welcome Vinit. He has been a good friend and settling down 
very well and am sure the company is in safe hands. So wish you all the 
best, Vinit and I hand it back to you, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. Operator, please open the floor for questions. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for 
few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict 
to 2 questions and return to the queue for more questions. Please raise 
your hand from the participant tab on the screen to ask any question. The 
first question is from Abhishek Bhandari. 
Abhishek Bhandari:   Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, Sunil Sir, all the best for your 
future. It was really nice interacting with you and Vinit, welcome to the 
new role. Sandeep, my first question is on slide 13 of your investor 
presentation. You know, for the last 3 quarters, bulk of our growth is led 
by this healthcare account. 2 questions there. 1 - how much more growth 
potential do you see in this vertical and the large account, what has been 
driving bulk of the growth here or is it broad-based, if you can clarify that? 
And 2, how should we think about your Hi-tech vertical which has been 
kind of stagnant for the last 3-4 quarters? When do you see the growth will 
return in that, and what would drive a growth improvement? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure! As far as the healthcare segment is concerned, it is not just one 
account. It is a multitude of accounts that are responsible for the growth. 
So, rest assured, it is a broadbased growth. While yes, bigger deals do drive 
significant part but at times, if you look at our journey, we have said it 
repeatedly, we have rebooted our healthcare vertical for the last 2 years. 
We have brought in new set of leaders in that and we are continuing to 
invest on an ongoing basis. So we are confident that the growth journey 
will continue in healthcare and we have said this for the last several 
quarters as well. As far as the Hi-Tech segment is concerned, if you 
compare the Hi-Tech segment from an engineering perspective, we have 
done fairly well. The hi-tech segment comprises of various different things 
in that. If we look at our order book for this quarter itself, we are fairly 
confident that hi-tech segment will also grow. So, from our perspective, 
compared to the industry that we live in and we are a part of a much bigger 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
pond. If you look at our competition, the hi-tech segment, the trend is 
pretty visible in other results as well over the quarters. We have done 
relatively better, we will try to do even better and I am pretty confident 
that will also return to a very healthy growth. So, from our perspective, it 
will be a secular growth, led by healthcare lifesciences followed by BFSI 
and hi-tech and look, for several years, hi-tech took the lead. So, it’s going 
to be one or the other segment as a company, as a team. It’s basically going 
to be like a portfolio where we will continue to grow and sometimes one 
vertical will grow more than the other and sometimes the other. So we are 
fairly confident across verticals. 
Abhishek Bhandari:   Thanks Sandeep. Sandeep, my 2nd and last question is on growth. You know, 
in the last quarter call you had said that you were aspiring for a growth 
similar to FY24 level with similar margins. Q1 has been on a very strong 
footing at 5.6% growth and incrementally, some of the peers which have 
reported so far are not talking about bad news worsening from here. So, 
should we think, given this strong start what you had at the start of Q1, 
there could be a growth outlook for FY25 which is better than FY24? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Abhishek, you know very clearly that we don’t give forward-looking 
guidance. All I can say is this, whether it was the covid times or thereafter, 
whether it was a bad macro or good, this is our 17th sequential quarter of 
growth. As a team, we are committed to delivering our best. We have 
delivered a fairly strong starting run rate and the journey well-started is 
half the journey done. So let the quarter pan out. We are confident of 
delivering good growth and as I have said before in the prepared 
comments as well, while our margins came in at 14% from an EBIT 
perspective, we have very clearly set our aspiration and that is to deliver 
the 14.5% or so that we delivered the last full year and we are at it. We’ll 
let the rest pan out. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thanks Sandeep and all the best for fiscal 25. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, just one question on margins. There were lot of one-offs in this quarter. 
So in Q2, how do you see some of these one-offs reversing potentially and 
the impact of wage hikes that we should build in for 2nd quarter? 
 Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure, I will make a high-level comment and I will have Vinit answer the rest. 
If you look at it, in any business, there are always going to be puts and 
takes. So, if you look at what we said in the prepared comments, so we 
said, for the last several quarters, we have been looking at benchmarking 
our policies whether they are employee compensation and benefits, 
whether they are things like how do we depreciate our assets etc., we 
involved a 3rd party consultant to benchmark us against the best in class. If 
you look at our long-term incentives, things like ESOPs etc., we are the best 
in class.  So we need to make sure that as we have grown from being a half 
a billion dollar company 5 years back to a run rate of $1.2 billion and we 
are competing increasingly with the best in class, tier 1s from India, tier 1s 
from global, we need to benchmark ourselves. So we have re-adjusted as 
we started this financial year, some of our policies which will give us a one-
time gain in some cases and a one-time hit in some cases, so there are 
going to be some one-offs on that. And structurally, there is going to be a 
re-adjustment of the margins going ahead on some of the things that we 
change. Similarly, on the M&A side, when we do an M&A, as Vinit 
explained, we build a business case. The business case is built on upfront 
money that we give, a certain amount of earnouts, which are linked to the 
revenue increase and the margins being delivered, and all of this is 
factored into the P&L. Now either these companies perform jointly with us 
in terms of synergy revenues and hence we see the profit and revenue go 
up or if that doesn’t happen, then obviously we have to claw back 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
whatever was supposed to be the earnouts so that we are being good to 
the companies that we acquired but we are also managing our P&L. So 
there are always going to be puts and takes, sometimes one-offs will also 
come but we are pretty confident, even including salary, wage increases 
etc., we will deliver a healthy margin for Q2 and by the time we exit the 
full year, our margins should be at a level where we should have come to 
the full year, aspirationally, at the same level as the last year and set the 
run rate for margin improvement for the years to come. Vinit, please give 
more color. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Ya, so Mohit, couple of things in addition to what Sandeep said. One, you 
know, the growth will itself take care of a lot of the margin issues. The 2nd 
part, while this looks to be a one-off, you will also have to look at the fact 
that there are 2 aspects to it. One, some of these costs don’t get recurred 
and hit our P&L on an ongoing basis. Two, the rationalization of some of 
the compensation and benefit doesn’t happen in one go. It happens over 
a period of time, depending upon the geography and depending upon the 
regulatory framework from which we are doing that alignment. So we have 
couple of other things that will also pan out during the year and have a 
benefit coming into it. The 3rd, as I mentioned in my opening comments, 
there is a cost optimization program that has been launched, whereby we 
are focusing on improving our operational efficiency. That program 
kickstarted in Q1. Some of the benefits, we already achieved in Q1 but the 
larger benefits will be coming up in the subsequent quarters. When we 
decided to make a change and give increments to our people, we had all 
factored in some of these headwinds that were going to come but at the 
same time, we were also going to get a lot of these tailwinds through some 
of these initiatives that are already ongoing. We are pretty confident, at 
the end of the year to not only at least meet our FY24 margins but probably 
even exceed it. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
Mohit Jain: 
Depreciation is the new run-rate, is it? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
It is going to be new run-rate. So there is one adjustment that has 
happened for the quarter but this is going to be a recurring reduction in 
our depreciation and amortization. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. And last on subcon, this number was very high for this quarter. Now 
should we expect, and this is also a one time, or do you think this will 
sustain the few quarters and then come off as part of natural growth?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, see subcons are basically taken into consideration to do a quick ramp 
up. Eventually, over a period of time, there is a plan being put in place 
whereby these subcons will get replaced with our own employees. But 
that's a structured plan. At this point of time, more important factor is that 
growth is on our table. We want to capture that growth and eventually the 
impact of that higher cost rounding into our own FTEs and reducing our 
cost and improving our margins will come into play over a period of time.  
Mohit Jain: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Suraj Malu.  
Suraj Malu: 
Thank you, sir, for this opportunity. I had one question, can you just help 
me understand with an example, what does Starfish do, like, just a use case 
to understand in greater detail? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Perfect. So, Suraj, Starfish basically has a platform which can help manage 
multiple different contact center technologies in larger, let's say fortune 
500, kind of an organization. You know, there's a percolation of, let's say 
Teams on this side and Avaya, Genesys and others. So, on one side, you 
have to manage multiple different technologies that can come into play 
through various acquisitions or organic system builds in different parts of 
the organization. On the other side, they also have the ability to migrate 
to the latest technologies like an AWS Connect and so on and so forth. So, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
the play for them so far has been managing multiple different contact 
center technologies, modernization of contact centers, etc. to provide 
better customer experience and enable business models. Where we are 
going to focus with them is on integrating things like Google Contact 
Center AI and even accelerating the path to things like AWS Connect and 
so on and so forth. So, for us, it's a much bigger play taking the technology 
that they are bringing in, building it along with our partner IP, whether it's 
Google, AWS or Microsoft, and helping our enterprise customers leverage 
the power of Gen AI as it unfolds.  
Suraj Malu: 
Got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipesh Mehta.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First, about the 
employee policy change, which you referred to. Now attrition seems to be 
a slight inch-up. So, if you can give some sense about attrition and some of 
these policy changes, how employees are taking it in terms of their overall 
compensation and related implications?  
The second question is about Hi-Tech. You partly alluded to it in terms of 
engineering segment did well, but overall performance was still weak. So, 
if you can help us understand which area is seeing a headwind leading to 
muted revenue growth for the last few quarters? And Salesforce also, you 
partly touched upon how in terms of where headwind were there 
particularly in Europe? So, if you can give some comments about how 
Salesforce Ecosystem is playing out for us? Thank you.  
Sandeep Kalra:  
Sure. So, I’ll start the reverse way and then I'll also have Vinit help me with 
this. So, on the Salesforce part, look, the issues that we have in Salesforce 
in Europe are our own. I don't think it is linked to Salesforce as a company 
or Salesforce as a segment. So, when we acquired the companies, if you 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
remember there were two companies that we had acquired, one at $13 
million in revenue, one at $6.5 million in revenue. All these acquisitions are 
in the last 5 to 7 years. Now, obviously, with them, we acquired a certain 
customer base because at that certain revenue base, their customer base 
comprised of companies large and small. All we are trying to do is to slowly, 
as the contracts come up, we are trying to basically rationalize the long tail. 
We are not trying to renew the contracts where, you know, the contracts 
are much smaller, companies don't have the propensity to grow with us 
and so on. So, there’s a certain amount of rationalization that we have 
been incrementally doing over the last four years. So, that’s as far as 
Salesforce Europe is concerned. And our endeavor is to grow accounts at 
a profitable clip, accounts that have a propensity to become bigger 
accounts for us across multiple different service lines and so on. So, that is 
the part in Salesforce in Europe. Our Salesforce business across the US or 
in India or APAC broadly, which includes Australia, is growing fairly 
healthily. So, if I look at the net Salesforce business for Persistent, going 
very well, these are adjustments that we need to do to take care of our 
own profitability and growth ambitions in the right way.  
The second part, you talked about the Hi-Tech side. So, look, Hi-Tech is an 
interesting market when the macro goes up or down, now the enterprises 
don't invest that much in a bad macro in buying newer software licenses 
or, you know, implementing more modules, etc. that basically impacts our 
customers and their ability to invest. And of late, we have seen some 
amount of green shoot in that. Plus, we have also doubled down with our 
platform play. Our platform play with SASVA is being taken in a very 
positive manner, especially in the private equity enterprise software 
intersection. So, we have seen some green shoots, we have booked some 
good orders, and we are fairly reasonably confident that Hi-Tech, which 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
had been traditionally a very good growth engine for us, will also become 
a good growth engine for us going ahead over the next several quarters.  
Now, in terms of the employee attrition, etc., the employee attrition went 
up a little bit for us. It's a combination of two things. One, you know, the 
market environment, which I would say is relatively stable, just a little bit 
green shoots emerging there for some of the providers, not all, as you may 
also have seen.  
Second part is where we are optimizing, where if we are looking at our own 
talent pool, and if we look at our talent pool and see the people who are 
not being able to be deployed over a number of quarters, then it is upon 
us to make sure that we are optimizing. If we cannot give someone a career 
path, they are better off going somewhere else and having a career path 
somewhere else. And so, we are on that journey where we have made sure 
that we have optimized for cost, put money where our growth is, that's 
where our utilization has also moved up. And partly that has also led to a 
little lower margin, if I may say so, in the last quarter, because whatever 
rationalization we have done, whatever severances we have to pay, we 
have baked that in. And that's also a margin lever for us going ahead in Q2 
and beyond. And the policy changes that we are doing are nothing that hit 
the basics of the employee compensation. These are, you know, to 
balance, where on one side, we are giving employees the employee stock 
options, which have a fairly good upside for them and wherever the 
policies are archaic, we are taking that out. So, that’s there. Vinit, if you 
want to add anything to it, please. 
Vinit Teredesai:  
Well, just two things. When we look at compensation and benefit, we look 
at it in a holistic manner, not in a each component manner. When we look 
at our overall compensation and benefits compared to the industry, I think 
so our average compensation is far better than the industry.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
Second, as Sandeep rightly said, it includes employee stock options, which 
has been given to a pretty large population in Persistent. We are one of 
the best in class whereby we have given the stock options.  
The third aspect is also to look at the fact that we are one of the few 
companies who has rolled out increments well in time. So, you know, 
people also welcome that perspective when some of these initiatives are 
being taken into consideration. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rishi Jhunjhunwala.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Yeah. Hi thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions, firstly on 
margins. So, what are the wage hikes that we have decided and when is it 
going to roll out? 
And just in terms of the initiatives that we are taking to optimize cost, is 
there kind of trajectory that we can build in, in terms of which areas are 
going to see benefit from that over what period of time?  
Vinit Teredesai:  
So, wage hikes while I don't want to call out the specific number, it is pretty 
much in the range of what the typical industry hikes have been given at 
this point of time, whichever companies have rolled out, our wage hikes 
are pretty much in line with that. And typically, you would anticipate the 
impact on profitability anywhere between 150 basis points to around 200 
basis points. Now, that will get offset by a couple of these cost optimization 
measures that we have talked about.  
One, utilization obviously there is, while we have improved it in this 
quarter, there is some further scope to do utilization improvement.  
Second, we are doing a lot of right-shoring. So, all these ramp ups that have 
happened on onsite in the beginning of the current year, those will get sort 
of right-shored over a period of time. So, as a part of that, that will come 
up as well. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
The third portion, we are also looking at our SG&A spend. We have 
invested sufficiently in the last couple of quarters. I think now we have 
reached a stage whereby our growth momentum can continue without 
making any incremental massive investments into SG&A. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Thanks. And just a second question on revenues. Right. So, clearly you 
know, such strong revenue growth is also a function of the large deal ramp 
up that is happening, which is reflected in increased subcon costs as well, 
which is probably mostly onsite. So, there will be a shift that will start 
happening from onsite to offshore once the deal ramp up is kind of 
stabilized. So just wanted to understand, how many quarters do you think, 
after which it will start happening and whether should we expect any kind 
of deflationary pressures from that which will be difficult to offset, say, in 
the second half of the year?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Rishi, look at it this way, the deflationary pressure will come if we don't 
have a strong order book quarter-on- quarter. So, the way we are looking 
at it is, the deals that we have booked, they will have an impact in terms 
of offshoring over the next several quarters. It's not a bulk of it happening 
in one particular quarter very soon. So, these are things that take place 
over a period of time. And the fact that we have been booking very good, 
order wins on an ACV basis, it basically will supplement the growth that we 
need to have. So, net-net we are confident of growing healthily between 
optimizing and the New Order book. So, I don't think we should be worried 
about it.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: And Sandeep, this ramp up is still ongoing or we have kind of matured in 
that, just trying to understand, whether it still has 1 or 2 quarter runway? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, the fact is that this is not one customer, one large deal. This is 
multiple customers, multiple deals within that. Within which there may be 
customers, where there are multiple large deals. So, I would say a 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
significant part of the initial set of large deal wins have been ramped up. 
There is still more headroom for us to ramp up and then our endeavor is 
to continue winning deals, whether in the same vertical or the other 
verticals. And as I said, sometimes one vertical will take leadership, 
sometimes the other. So, overall, I do think the growth journey will 
continue.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Okay. Thank you. All the best guys.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kawaljeet Saluja.  
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Hi, Sandeep. Fabulous revenue growth performance. Congratulations! You 
know let's talk about something which is a little bit what I would say tad 
disappointing, which is on profitability. Now, if you look at the underlying 
EBIT in the quarter, Sandeep, it stands at 9.5% if you remove those you 
know, earnout provision reversals, etc., and this is even before wage 
revision. Now I'm just trying to understand what are the nature of 
contracts actually, which has brought down the underlying EBIT margin to 
9.5%. Typically, strong revenue growth is associated with margin 
improvement but of course, I understand that there are idiosyncratic 
contracts. I'm just trying to understand the true profitability of the new 
incremental business that you are winning. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, Kawaljeet look, again, as I said, there are always going to be puts 
and takes and there are puts and takes that you take knowing fairly well 
how the entire P&L is going to pan out. And so, from our perspective, there 
are order wins that we have done where there may be transition costs 
involved. And there are always ways and means of booking the transition 
costs upfront if you want to. And some people do defray the costs of 
transition over a period of time and so on. So, without going into too many 
details, there are seven minutes in this call. I would say the way you are 
looking at it, may be one way of looking at it, but if you look at the overall 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
profitability of the business, the levers that we have talked about, whether 
it is offshoring of certain of these large deals and not just one account, 
these are multiple deals, multiple accounts. The deal wins that have 
panned out with offshoring, that will happen. And then there are the cost 
initiatives that we have taken on ourselves and we have also booked some 
cost in terms of severances, etc., in Q1. And so, if you put all of these 
together as operators of this business, I can say with confidence, we know 
that we are headed into a year where we will optimize margins despite 
wage hikes, and by the time we exit our run rate exit should be pretty 
healthy and our full year should be more or less in line with what we 
delivered last year. Rest, I will let the time pan out. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
No, I take your point, Sandeep at the end of the day, you have to take a 
portfolio call, but just persisting on this you know, see, essentially some of 
the things on which you're getting benefit, like, let's say, reversal of 
earnout provision. It would not be there next year. Right? So, I'm just trying 
to understand what's the true underlying nature of profitability? I mean, 
you know, you've basically stopped, let's say tenure-based incentive plan 
on stock options for employees. So, again, there's a lumpy tailwind, right, 
which will not recur. I'm just trying to understand what are the true 
underlying profitability in FY25, as such? I understand the call on the 
business and portfolio. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Right. So, let's just take your example in point. So, when we swap one 
compensation benefit for the other, so, while there is a lumpy gain on one, 
there's a lumpy cost on the other. The cost on the employee stock option 
plans, if you understand how the employee stock option plans are run, 
there is higher upfront cost, and we have been one of the best companies 
in terms of, best coverage of our employees, which we rightfully have a 
need to do because we are one of the best performing companies. So, 
when you give a broader based employee stock option plan, the hit in the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
first few quarters or the first year is the highest. Now, if you are swapping 
in the benefit for ESOPs with an archaic benefit which you have to accrue 
and has no meaning, it is a prudent call.  It is not to be just looked at one 
on one side and the other on an absolute other side. So, it’s basically 
netting off, if you net that off, we are good. So, I think devil is always in the 
details and I wouldn't want to bore 300 people on an earnings call with the 
details. So, we can have an offline discussion. But I'm pretty reasonably 
confident the underlying business profitability is fairly good and as I said 
before, we have taken certain calls which are important to optimize our 
costs. And when we are optimizing for costs on the employee front, we 
have severances, which we have paid in the first quarter. So, puts and takes 
14% we have delivered. 14.5% is what we delivered last year. Our 
endeavor is to get full year to that, and you are also here, we are also here, 
we’ll let it pan out. 
Vinit Teredesai:  
Now let me add two things Kawal, to this. One, yes, if the earnout credits 
are not there on quarter on quarter, but you look at the fact that if the 
acquisitions that we have done, pan out to the way we are anticipating, 
they will get reflected in both our growth as well as on margins.  
Second, you have to also look at that some of the, when we do the 
rationalization of employee compensation and benefit, some benefits 
come up in a quarter, but you have to also look at the fact that there is a 
recurring cost that is avoided from a future perspective. So, to that extent, 
my forward-looking cost has also come down.  
Third, these programs that we have launched, we started, as you know, 
any growth or cost optimization program that gets started, in the initial 
phase, you only get partial benefits, while the cost associated with 
launching that program and executing that program is much higher. The 
subsequent quarters, the cost sort of gets rationalized, but the benefits are 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
much multifold. So, you keep that in mind, we have done our own analysis. 
If we go on the growth path that is being achieved, we are pretty much 
confident that we will be able to achieve the margin trajectory that we are 
anticipating.  
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay. Fantastic. Thank you so much. Vinit, you know there are some rough 
edges, which I'll just clarify with you maybe post the earnings call. But 
thanks a lot for the detailed explanation both Sandeep and you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sandeep Shah.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity, Sandeep wanted to understand if the 
5.6% growth was in line with your expectation at the start of the quarter, 
or because there are higher on-site efforts also which might have led to 
this? And is it also the pass-through sales being higher because the 
software license cost has gone up to 7% from 5.8%? And if it is higher than 
your expectation, is it led by a pickup in the discretionary IT spend? That's 
question number 1.  
Question number 2 is an extension to a previous question. The margin 
heavy lifting might have to be done in the second half versus first half. And 
we are expecting a healthy run rate on EBIT margin in the 4th quarter. So, 
is it fair to assume the 4th quarter EBIT margin would be a long-term 
sustainable margin, or will have also some one-off, which may lead to a 
tight margin walk again in FY 26?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, there is a bulk of questions in that, and we have two minutes in the 
call. So, I’ll go rapid fire and we can follow up. So, in terms of the margin, 
look, by the time we hit the Q4, the margins that we will have are 
sustainable long-term margins. So, that is the endeavor, that is the entire 
effort. And we are fairly confident we have a full plan in place, and we'll 
execute it.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
Second part of it is the ramp up, or the 5.6% growth in the first quarter was 
in line with our expectations or higher than our expectations. Look, our 
business, it's very hard unless you have, you know, pass-through revenue 
scaling up to change things at the last minute. And the pass-through 
revenue is not what is the reason for this. So, if it is a traditional business 
scaling up on the back of multiple large deals in multiple large customers, 
scaling up, that's what it is. And so, it is fairly predictable. And so, we pretty 
much know by the middle of the quarter where we are going to end in the 
end of the quarter because we are building on or executing to the order 
book we have had, our in-quarter book, and bill is relatively smaller as 
compared to what we deliver from the bookings from last few quarters, So 
rest assured, it's not by accident, it's by plan, and it's not based on 
passthroughs and so on.  
Now the discretionary spend coming back, look, I have always maintained, 
despite many of the analysts believing or self-believing that Persistent is 
discretionary spend-based. We have come a long way in the last 15 years 
or so. Today, we are winning against some of the bigger providers. We are 
doing vendor consolidation, including consolidating some of the bigger 
providers. And it is both a build and a maintain kind of a work, cost 
optimization kind of an initiative where we are more and more invited to 
not just new bids. So, so rest assured, discretionary, no discretionary, it is 
more execution discipline that is getting us this and the muscle that is 
being built in that. So, with that, I will stop. I think we are out of time. So, 
moderator if you can please close the call. From our perspective the only 
other thing I would say is we have started FY25 on a positive note. We are 
confident of our growth trajectory. We are confident of delivering the 
margin trajectory and we are confident of our customers scaling with us.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
With that, I will once again thank all of you and our 23,500 plus team 
members. We look forward to providing you an update in the next three 
months’ time and connecting back with you. Thank you.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to the Persistent management. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
****************************************************************************** 
Please note that this transcript has been edited for readability. 
