5th August, 2024 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                        
 
Scrip Code: 500201  
 
 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
– Transcript 
of 
Q1FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
Further to our letters dated 22nd and 31st July, 2024 and Pursuant to       
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for Q1FY25 held on Wednesday, 31st July, 2024 is attached. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
 
Ankur Jain 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
ANKUR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by ANKUR JAIN 
Date: 2024.08.05 18:15:10 
+05'30'

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
1 
 
 
     
  
India Glycols Limited 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
July 31, 2024 
  
                                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
MR. RUPARK SARSWAT - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ANAND SINGHAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RAJESH MARWAHA - HEAD- SALES AND MARKETING (BSPC) 
MR. S.K. SHUKLA – HEAD - LIQUOR BUSINESS 
MR. ANKUR JAIN - HEAD (LEGAL) AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
ANALYST 
 
MR. ROHIT SINHA – SUNIDHI SECURITIES LIMITED 
  
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
2 
 
Moderator 
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Pelsia, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to India 
Glycols Limited Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Sunidhi Securities. As a reminder, all 
participants will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * and 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
 
Rohit Sinha 
 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on India Glycols Limited Q1FY25 results conference call. 
I would like to thank the management for giving us this opportunity to host the call and congratulate them 
for a good set of numbers. We are joined on this call with India Glycols Management, represented by Mr. 
Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Anand Singhal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajesh Marwaha, 
Head- Sales and Marketing (BSPC); Mr. S. K. Shukla, Head - Liquor Business and Mr. Ankur Jain, Head Legal 
and Company Secretary. I would like to invite Mr. Rupark Sarswat to initiate this proceeding with his 
opening remarks, post which we will have a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
  
Rupark Sarswat 
 
So, a very good afternoon to everybody who has joined, and thank you for joining us. I, along with my 
colleagues, will give you a quick snapshot of how the quarter has been, and then we will take some 
questions. So, I'll take you through financial highlights, a quick review of the segments and a quick view 
of the financial results. So as you may have had an opportunity to look at, we've had a good quarter, I can 
say, especially I know over the last couple of years or probably more than that, we have been through a 
bit of a tight situation on the India Glycols front for all the reasons that we have discussed with you and 
several questions that we have answered. But it appears that broadly in terms of the strategy of the 
company, it has kind of worked for us, and it is also reflecting in the performance for the quarter as it also 
did in their performance for the last year. 
 
So, if you look at our Gross Revenue is up to INR 2,283 crores in the quarter, which is up 21%. On the Net 
Revenue front, which is net of excise, we clocked a Revenue of INR 969 crores, which is up 41% and also, 
our EBITDA is up to INR 128 crores, which is up 21%, and our PAT is also up by 18%. So overall, I think a 
satisfying and a good growth quarter from our perspective. And if you look at most ratios, they have 
moved in the right direction. Now, there are several things we will talk about. I think I would highlight 
here that one of the things which has driven our top line as well as addition to the bottom line is the 
emerging biofuels business. And having said that, I think even in the chemicals space as well as potable 
spirits segment, we've seen good growth in top line as well as bottom line. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
3 
 
Now you remember we have had several discussions where we have briefed you that our strategy to get 
into grain-based ethanol was kind of also expedited by the fact that imported ethanol prices were very 
high, it was something that happened after many years of stability. So that helped us to mitigate the 
prices, but it also provides us the opportunity to cater to the blending market that we are serving right 
now. And more importantly, the imported ethanol price has softened and therefore, all the grain-based 
ethanol that we're producing, we were able to channelize into the biofuels space. And I will talk about 
what's happening in the biofuel and ethanol space whilst many of you may be quite aware of it anyways. 
 
So, if I look at it again, one level below, our Net Revenue surged by 41% and, now what we've also done 
is that till last quarter, we were reporting ethanol sales into the power fuel blending sector as a part of 
chemicals. But considering that it has become significant by itself, it is now reported as a separate 
segment. So, you see that our Chemicals business and basically specialties and performance chemicals 
business is 17% up YoY in terms of top line. And the biofuels business on a YoY has improved from INR 65 
crores to INR 139 crores, which contributes significantly. And the Potable spirits business has also done 
very well to grow by 19.1% YoY. Our Ennature Biopharma business has also seen a modest, relatively 
speaking, the modest top line growth of 8%.  
 
And that is, therefore, also reflected in an EBITDA increase by 21.3% and an EBITDA margin, which is also 
better than the last few years, and you would see a steady trend at 13.2%. So, in terms of some of the 
things that we're talking about, we have over the last 2 - 2.5 years, talked about our intent to invest in 
new value-added chemicals starting from almost scratch from R&D pilot plant, commissioning in 1 plant. 
We are nearly full commissioning. And I think I can say that whilst it's a little early, I do know, Specialty 
Chemicals businesses take time to build working with customers through partnerships and development 
work, which is what makes them Specialty Chemicals. We've had a good start, and we are quite confident 
in terms of the foundation that we see has been built for the new value-added chemicals business.  
 
And the other thing that we've talked about, our joint venture has also seen significant recovery in 
margins, which is the joint venture with Clariant, which had also been under cost pressure for some time. 
And now you see whilst the joint venture top line has seen nominal growth, but there has been quite a 
significant growth in terms of the gross margin, which is upwards of 35%. And a lot of it is on account of 
the improved cost position and Equinox side that we supply to them. So that's one thing. And Anand ji I 
will give a bit of the segmental commentary, but could you highlight financials? 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Thank you, sir. Now, for the Q1 FY25 on consolidated basis, the gross revenue is INR 2,283 crores, which 
is up by 12% vis-à-vis last quarter and 21% vis-à-vis the Q1 FY24. In net, turnover, net revenue from 
operations is INR 969 crores vis-à-vis INR 926 crores in the last quarter, which is up by 5%. And Q1 FY24 
was INR 689 crores up by 41%. PBT is INR 64.93, I would say INR 65 against INR 51 crores in the last quarter 
that ended on 31st March 2024 and Q1FY24 it was INR 58 crores. PAT is INR 60 crores against INR 42 crores 
in the last quarter and INR 51 crores in Q1FY24. For the current quarter on a consolidated basis, the EPS 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
4 
 
is INR 19.5 vis-à-vis INR 13.6 in Q4 of last year and INR 16.5 in Q1FY24. So, this is about the consolidated 
results.  
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Thank you. Let me talk about our segments a little bit. So, if you look at our Chemical segment, for 
example, we have seen an EBIT margin of 9.9%, and which is up from INR 336 crores to INR 393 crores. 
And for our Potable Spirits business, the number that I talked about, we saw a growth from INR 235 crores 
to INR 280 crores, which is 19% up and with the EBIT margin of 17.5%. In the Biofuels segment, our EBIT 
margins, not only have we seen an increase in terms of our top line, which I mentioned, but also because 
of the improved structure of the cost, which is dependent on several things, which includes the cost of 
grain to us, the selling price of DDGS and the sale price of ethanol, the overall EBIT margin position for 
Biofuels has also improved from close to 5% to close to 8% now.  
 
In general, top highlights in terms of the segmental performance, I talked about the numbers. We see that 
to some extent; our cost pressures have continued. But despite that, we have seen improvement both in 
top line as well as bottom line as well as percentage EBIT margins. And we continue to work on optimizing 
our costs, mainly by looking at how we can optimize our ethanol costs, energy costs as well as processing 
costs.  
 
Whilst you know the numbers for Biofuels, since we've also separated it as a segment just now, I'll give 
you a quick update on what's happening in this space. So, if you know from 2014, where India hardly did 
any blending, in 2019-20, we moved about 5% blending against the target of 5%. In 2020-21, the 
government had a target of 10% and we moved about 8.7% blending. In 2022-23, the government had a 
target of 12%, and as a country we did a target of 12%. In 2023-24, there is a target of 15% blending, and 
the blending fee ratio was about 12.1%, but blending in May is 15.4%. So, in short, what I'm trying to say 
is that the blending program is on track, and we expect that the 2023-24 blending program will finish it 
with about 14% blending. Now we also have some assessment, I may not be precise here, in terms of the 
capacity that exists in the country for ethanol. And we see that the blending program will move up from 
15% to 17% to 20%. And it will be fair to assume that even by 2025-26, even if we don't do 20%, hopefully 
we will do, it will be fair to look at the track record and say that we probably end up doing 18%-plus 
blending.  
 
What this means is that if this level of blending has to happen, the country is still significantly short of 
ethanol capacity, which in some sense is a good news for the business that we don't see overcapacity 
happening over the next few years and considering that IGL has an advantage in terms of our cost 
structure, in terms of our brownfield site and also in terms of our synergies in ethanol, I think it is good 
from an IGL perspective. And also the government has supported its mandate by increasing the 
procurement price for ethanol, which can get close to INR 64 for damaged food grain-based ethanol, 
surplus rice-based FCI at 58.5. We see going forward an encouragement for people to also start using 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
5 
 
maize and the supporting price for that ethanol is also good by the government at point in time is close 
to INR 71.86. 
 
So that history, in general, I shared this data with you to highlight that it appears that the blending 
program is on track, and we are confident that this part of the business over the foreseeable future, will 
continue to remain an important driver for top line as well as bottom line for IGL as well as some other 
players who've made a head start in this business.  
 
So far, the Potable Spirits performance, we've seen our revenue at INR 280 crores is up 19.1% and EBIT at 
INR 49 crores is up 14.2% with EBIT margin of 17.5%. Of course, we look at some of the questions later 
on, but sales have been driven mainly by increase in country liquor sales in Uttarakhand, and we continue 
to maintain our dominant positions, a big dominant position in Uttarakhand, but also a dominant position 
in the UP market. In terms of IMFL sales or Indian-Made Foreign Liquor sales, our sales have been driven 
with excellent growth in the UP market and also a relatively new area for us, which is our product 
approved in the paramilitary sales.  
 
In Ennature Biopharma, which is a relatively smaller segment, which is plant-based extract and 
nutraceuticals, we've seen a healthy top line growth, but we've had because of a number of reasons, cost 
pressures particularly both on nicotine as well as Thiocolchicoside, which means that our margins have 
remained under pressure. However, we continue to look at one, greater penetration of the regulated 
markets of US and Europe that needs significant amount of work and we are in the process of working on 
that. And two, we continue to look at more value-added products in this area. So that is a quick snapshot 
of the quarter from my side, and I think Rohit, we can take questions and respond to the specifics. 
 
Q&A 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. First question comes from Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead 
 
Balasubramanian  
 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is regarding this INR 
1,160 crore allocation to oil companies. How much you're confident in achieving those allocation contract 
by this year? And secondly, in biofuel side, we can see 7.8% kind of margins. Can we see double-digit 
margins in coming quarters? These are my first questions. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
In terms of the allocation, we've looked at the numbers and we have seen that they give an allocation and 
we’ve tracked our allocation number for what is known as Ethanol Supply Year, which starts in November. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
6 
 
And the tender allocation product for us starting with November 2023, we have seen that the actual 
orders that the oil companies placed have been only slightly lower than the allocations that they have 
given. And I don't have the exact numbers, but it has been 90-95% of the allocation that has been given. 
Our projection is that this kind of trend will continue. And whilst we may miss the allocation numbers 
slightly, by and large, the kind of numbers broadly that we have given to you, we should be able to meet. 
It does depend on, it's not a contract as such while it's an allocation that they give. There are many factors 
like logistics etc. based on the ability of the oil companies to be able to blend throughout the country. 
Sometimes the orders are a bit lower than allocation. 
 
Now, from your perspective, I had mentioned to you, and I had given data for many years based on the 
target that the government had on percentage blending and the actuals that the country achieved. So, if 
you look at the last several years, more or less we've cracked the target. And our projection is that 
compared to a target of 15% blending, we will do 14% this year. So, I think by and large the blending story 
is intact.  
 
Now as far as gross margin is concerned or the EBIT margin that you talked about 7.8%, I think it's very 
difficult for me to speculate whether this will become better because it is a function of several things. It 
is a function of grain prices, which have been tight. It is a function of what we are able to do in terms of 
DGCS sales. I think DGCS is as a source of protein, we are looking at newer ways of utilizing. It’s not only 
are we looking at it, but the industry is looking at it. And it is also a function of the price that the 
government gives on procurement of ethanol. 
 
I would imagine the right thing to assume would be that the government is committed for the blending 
program and because the government is significantly involved in regulating it, regulating it and controlling 
it in some way, they will keep it profitable, but it is not a business where suddenly if the demand is high 
and the supply is low, you can fetch a huge amount of price. So that's my overall take. Shukla ji would you 
like to add something? 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
Yes. Because the government is continuously insisting to promote maize to increase the profitability of 
the industry and the farmer both. So, industry and associations are doing hard and we have already started 
our maize farming in our own catchment area of Gorakhpur and we are going to start from Kashipur. And 
we are expecting approximately 20-25% would be the self-placement area maize availability in 2025-2026. 
So certainly, we are focusing on the variety, which would increase the ethanol yield. And second, the 
catchment area in which we are focusing, we would like to ensure the back-to-back logistics, so that the 
entire approximately 70-80% maize which is grown by the farmer would be made available to our industry. 
 
So, the state government is also assisting us. So, as far as raw material is concerned, in couple of years, 
we are very positive about the availability of the new maize crop, which is the most essential for those 
land where the water availability is a challenge in part of UP and in some part attached to our Kashipur 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
7 
 
plant, where the irrigation is the problem. You know that the 40% less water is required of the maize crop. 
So, looking to all these scenario, the availability of maize for the industry would seem to be very 
comfortable in next 2-3 years. 
 
Balasubramanian 
 
Sir, this NSU plant is supposed to be complete in this quarter. Right now we are doing around 150 tonnes 
per month and post these completions, what kind of ramp up we can expect? What kind of additional 
revenue opportunities? And other CapEx plans also you can likely touch upon, like this grain-based 
distillery and bio-based ethanol CapEx progress. So, how much CapEx we spend in this quarter, Q1? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Yes, so, I’ll take the question around new chemicals and I think Shukla ji and Anand Ji will take the question 
on CapEx on bio ethanol. So, look, as I mentioned to you, we've had a good start in terms of our projects. 
And if this business is different from, say, an ethanol business or a petrochemical business where you have 
a ready demand and you are able to then starting to cater to it. It involves working with partners to 
customize work on development projects. So that for us has been a good story and don't take this as a 
projection, but I think in the financial year we are targeting to do INR 150-200 crores kind of top line 
through new value-added products, which in my opinion, if we are able to do is a very good start. 
 
Considering, keep this in context compared to some other specialty chemicals businesses or our own 
business, which was there, which after many, many years had reached levels of INR 600-700 crores. So in 
that context for a specialty chemical business to start making INR 100-200 crores in the kind of 1st year 
after commissioning is, I think, a very healthy time. But these are projects which are not only dependent 
on capacity, these are dependent on application knowhow, technology development. The pipeline is 
robust, and we are working on it. 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Regarding the CapEx, which we are already in for the increase in the capacity in Kashipur from 400KL to 
500KL, we hope that CapEx will be completed in Q3. And as far as the CapEx, which we have undertaken 
in Gorakhpur, from 110 to 290KL, I think that will also be completed in Q3. 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
Sorry. We will be able to start both the plants adding the 50% of additional capacity from the new ethanol 
year, maybe November second half or first week of December, which would be adding our 50% additional 
capacity. 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
8 
 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
And with respect of the expenditure on the CapEx in Q1 FY25, we have spent around INR 60 crores on all 
the CapEx whatever is going on right now, and hopefully, will be capitalize once these are complete. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. I request the participants to restrict with 2 questions in the initial round and join back the 
queue for more questions. Next question comes from Imran Khan from Longbow India Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and good afternoon. I am fairly new to the company, so my questions would 
be a little fundamental and maybe repetitive, so please excuse me for this. First question is on the Potable 
Spirits business. I wanted to understand what raw material do you use for this business to make ENA? 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
So, 100% grain-based ENA we use, which may be the broken rice, which is unfit for the human 
consumption. And second, maize, so we are consuming both the feedstock for the making of Extra Neutral 
Alcohol. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
And sir, lately, where is the raw material basket tilting towards? Is it maize or it is still substantially broken 
rice?  
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
So maize in India, which is more popular for using and making the ethanol from the last 13 to 14 months, 
so maize is very new, so mostly we are using grain. I am talking about the Indian made foreign liquor. 
Indian made foreign liquor we make from grain-based ethanol, and country liquor we make from the both 
grain-based and the molasses base. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Got it. And the second question is on the biofuel business. Sir, you reported EBIT margins for Q1 and Q1 
for FY2524, but I was looking for the same margins for Q4 FY24, but I didn't find it. So can you please share 
that if it is possible? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
9 
 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Okay. We will share separately. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Would it be similar or there would be a marginal difference compared to Q1? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
We can share the numbers to you, but in fact, I had spoken about it earlier that our Biofuel margin has 
actually improved slightly. But we can give you the specifics, we have the numbers. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Okay. Okay. I'll wait for that. Later you could… 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
For Q4 FY24, the EBIT margin was 7.9%, while in the current quarter it is 7.82%. So as CEO Sir is saying, it 
has improved. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Right. So then in that case, you don't make biofuels from grain, is it? Because in Q4, I think the grain cost 
was very, very high and people had very -- margins were a little lower for almost all the people. You haven't 
seen that thing at all? 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
No, no. We are making 100% ethanol from the grain-based and our margin would be operational efficiency 
and better sourcing. So all these things will be dependent on the making margin. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Just to add to that, I mentioned to you, I think the previous Bala had asked us a question or somebody 
had asked us a question, as to whether our margins in the biofuels business, we see getting into double-
digits when I responded there, that is actually a function of many things. Grain price is one of the factors. 
There is also selling price of grain base, there are energy cost and conversion cost. And more importantly, 
there is a procurement price, which is decided by the government. So if you're seeing an improvement in 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
10 
 
margin, it is on account of while grain have gone up, they've also come down a little bit. It is a function of 
a combined effect of these factors. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Right. Completely understand. Just one last thing before I move to the queue. Can you call out the average 
grain cost for Q1 and Q4, if it is possible? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
So, you want separate numbers, or you want what is it running right now? 
 
Imran Khan 
 
If you would be able to share for rice and maize separately, that would be very helpful, yes. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
I suggest you just, you know, drop us an email, we will share these numbers with you. You want for 
previous year and this year and so on. 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Not previous year, maybe last quarter and Q4 only, just 2 quarters. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
We will share with you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Ranbir Singh from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
 
Ranbir Singh 
 
Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. And congratulations to the board members for this quarter. 
Two questions I have, one, related to industry dynamics around ethanol. Just wanted to understand that 
how much ethanol is required to meet up 20% blending? And of that, how much has already been 
supplied? So what I see in news that roughly 401 crore liter has been supplied and that constitutes 15.9% 
against targeted 20%, so they have reached 15.9% in June. So that translates into some 500-550 crores 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
11 
 
liters required for 20% blending. So I think somewhere my calculation seems wrong. So just I wanted to 
understand how much liters actually government need to meet the 20% blending? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
So I will respond to this in terms of our assessment. I don't have some authentic source to quote you that 
this is the exact number. But our assessment based on percentages, and I think some sources which my 
colleagues would have looked at is that the total demand for ethanol has risen at 5% blending, obviously 
the consumption also increases also, so 5% is also increased number. From something like 173 crore liters 
in 2019-20 to expected 725 crores liters in 2023-24, which is at 14-15% blending. Now this number is 
expected to go up to broadly 1,000 crore liters in 2024-25, and in my assessment, if you do 18% blending 
rather than 20% blending to about 1,100 crore liters and you can proportionately increase if the blending 
goes up to 21%. 
 
Ranbir Singh 
 
Okay. So roughly ballpark, I think 1,100 crore liter would be required. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
1,100-1,200 crore liters. 
 
Ranbir Singh 
 
Okay. And because our capacity is in KLPD, so what would be the annual capacity if you convert into liters? 
So how much liters that translate into if we have the expanded capacity, it would be roughly 1,000 KLPD, 
1,095 KLPD. So, how does it translate on an annual basis? 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
So, basically, we'll be able to supply in the next ethanol year, which starts from November or December, 
25-26 crores liter. 
 
Ranbir Singh 
 
Okay. Sir, normally we multiply because in case of molasses or sugar year, normally one season, half of 
the season, normally, we take for calculating this annual capacity. So, in grain also we calculate the same 
way? Or for grain, it is that whole year we normally process to produce ethanol? 
 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
12 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
Correct. Your question is very correct. See, sugar season start from November and ends by April or lately 
by May in a few cases. But grain distillery would run around 350 days in a year. And sugar mills, whatever 
they will store the molasses at the last working days, they again can be utilized in 3-4 months maximum 
depending upon their storage capacity of molasses. So, you can say sugar based on an average they are 
running around 260-270 days and grain based roughly 340-350 days. 
 
Ranbir Singh 
 
Okay, fine. And the last one, in Potable Spirit, how much cases we have sold in this quarter for IMFL and 
Country liquor? 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Okay. What I will do, you send me the mail I will give you these figures, because right now we are not 
having the ready data. Okay? 
 
Ranbir Singh 
 
Okay. No issue.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Co. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Namaskar to everyone and thank you for this opportunity. Sir, when we look at the current quarter's 
performance, the finance cost is still hovering at around INR 35 crores plus. That means on competitive 
basis wherever we compare within QoQ or last year, this number is rising unabated. So if you could give 
us some color on what's our strategy in lowering our finance cost? That would suffice my first question. 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Saket, finance cost has gone up only because of the reason that all term loans are continuing. Plus, 
whatever Capex we have done that has been funded by almost term loan. Apart from this, the overall rate 
of interest has gone up because every bank now is giving a very good deposit rate. So, MCLR of all the 
banks has gone up. So that is hurting us and of course we are planning to reduce the finance cost, but in 
this year, we are not hopeful for drastic reduction of the finance cost. Maybe from the next year onwards, 
maybe FY25-26, yes, the finance cost will start coming down. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
13 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Okay. And that will happen, sir, only when this capacity for both our distillery and biofuels kicks in, and 
that will lead to improved margins and cash flows. And that will be when the repayment start, that should 
be the cycle you are referring to? 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
That is true but the finance cost only because we have almost done the INR 1,000 crores CapEx . So, INR 
1,000 crore if we have taken INR 500-600 crore loan, which is ultimately capitalized. But we will still have 
to pay interest, right?  
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Correct, sir. And sir, what is the current maturity for this year? 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Maturity of what? 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Maturity of loans. How much repayment is due this year?  
 
Anand Singhal 
 
In the current year, approximately INR 250 crore maturity including EPBG. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
And sir, when we look at the Ennature Biopharma numbers also, I think so, last time also when our head 
of biopharma spoke, he did allude to the fact that there is pressure in the nicotine market and all. So, sir 
going ahead what straegy are we making for  the current year and how much utilization levels do we have 
and what changes are we making in product mix ? If you could just highlight how this segment is going to 
perform? I think we should have, yes.  
 
Manish Pant 
 
Saket, Manish this side. Saket, the numbers which you are seeing right now for this first quarter, we would 
expect it to remain same in the next quarter also. And there could be a spike in the Q3 onwards because 
now we have started for the value-added in this branded nutraceuticals. And our facilities are being 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
14 
 
upgraded according to that. And shortly we are going to have US FDA and one CB audit over there to get 
the certifications done. After that we would be able to sell our branded nutraceuticals in the European 
and American markets. Other than that, there are other few major products like Thiocolchicoside is facing 
pressure but still we are maintaining the pole position in all of India by supplying the maximum 
Thiocolchicoside.  
 
So, the margins certainly has gone down, but we are in absolute terms we are having that profit over 
there. In nicotine because of certain new facility came up the price are under pressure. But now this 
nicotine we are having certain major tie-ups with the local bodies who are into this making of international 
products in more prime format. So we are going to supply the pure nicotine to them, that will going to be 
added certain margin to our bottom line.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Sir, just in understanding, how are you seeing that and given the current market conditions, how is the 
visibility as compared to last year? Because these are things which are dynamic also. But taking today's 
condition, how should we conclude? Because this is where the disappointment has been for the last year.  
 
Manish Pant 
 
So, are you talking about only nutraceuticals? 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Only Ennature Biopharma. Yes. 
 
Manish Pant 
 
The revenue would be more than whatever we have done in the last year. But certainly, the margins are 
under pressure, and it would remain under pressure. We are just waiting to see the Q3 performance, then 
if it then improves then there is a possibility that we would surpass the last year numbers, otherwise it 
will remain same, almost same.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Right. Sir, I will join back the queue. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Saket, I was almost waiting for your question. You see, as I mentioned earlier, we are looking at two broad 
strategies in this space. One is, penetration of regulated markets through approvals, which is various 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
15 
 
standards, US FDA et cetera as Manish mentioned and also getting into the branded nutraceutical space. 
As you would imagine, both of them are slightly time consuming so we expect some of these pressures 
will continue in the near term. But there is a strategy that we're working on, which we briefly explained 
to you.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Rupark ji, if I may just add one more point. So that given the parameters and the base which we have built 
for the Q1, especially also the performance of the JV also, contribution has just doubled QoQ. So can we 
consider this as a base for this year, at least this would be a good showcase of what this year can translate 
because if we take all the variables into account, or can there will be a different picture, that may appear 
going there. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Sir, you know the company as you have been tracking the company and we have been discussing, we have 
been explaining, that we don’t track or predict the numbers. We talk about macro trends as terms of what 
we are doing. Then we give that assessment and I think you are well-positioned to take an assessment. 
And my language has been consistent for the last 2 – 2.5 years. We believe that ethanol prices imported 
have come down a little bit. If we are lucky, we will see some more reduction in the months to come, 
which will impact the overall business, including the JV business in a good way. 
 
We don't as of now, nobody can, especially in today's world, be an astrologer. But we believe that there 
are reasons to believe that the fundamentals of the business, which have led us to a healthy this quarter 
as well as last year, are not changing, and therefore, these trends would continue. There is nothing which 
has happened suddenly because of which we've got a windfall. I think it is based on the broad strategy for 
the business. There is an element of macroeconomic dynamic, which plays out sometimes, which we 
discussed with you. I don't see any major structural shifts happening there, which as of now look to me to 
be fully we have done.  
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Okay sir. Thank you. I'll join back the queue.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Tushar Vasuja from Yogya Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
16 
 
Tushar Vasuja 
 
Okay, sir. So, my first question is, what's your capacity for MEG and ethyl oxide? And what would be the 
utilization for FY24 and Q1 of this year? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
See, our capacity in terms of MEG equivalent or ethane oxides are significantly higher than what we are 
producing right now. In fact, we have taken cost optimization actions to ramp down the plant that we are 
running to make sure that our costs are kept in control. So, from a growth perspective, that is not a 
concern at all. It's in the sense that IGL was a player in the MEG potential market where we were selling 
large volumes. The dynamics have changed, a lot of our business and profitability in MEG now comes from 
bio-based MEG. So, we don't have high-capacity utilization numbers. I don't have the precise numbers 
with me right now. If you write to us, we'll give it back. Our total capacity in terms of MEG equivalent, 
ethane oxide as well as MEG put together is about 600 tonnes per day. 
 
Tushar Vasuja 
 
Okay, sir. And sir, what's your capacity for producing nicotine and what's the utilization right now? And 
what can be the peak revenue potential for that capacity as per current prices? 
 
Manish Pant 
 
Tushar, I don’t have the precise number right now. If you could send an email to me or the email ID 
whatever has been given in the presentation, then we would reply to you. 
 
Tushar Vasuja 
 
Okay, sir. So one more question. In your Investor Presentation, you mentioned that after the Kashipur 
expansion, your ethanol capacity will be 500 kilo liter per day and your biofuel capacity will be 590 kilo 
liter per day. So will you procure more ethanol domestically for producing biofuel or how that work? Can 
you please talk a bit about that? 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
We have the in-house capacity to make ethanol, as mentioned in the capacity for the Kashipur. We don't 
go to buy ethanol locally. We have the in-house capacity. 
 
Tushar Vasuja 
 
Sir, biofuel, your ethanol would be only self-produced. Is that understanding correct? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
17 
 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
There are two things we need to understand. When we talk about our total biofuels sales, we talk about 
total sales from two of our sites, Gorakhpur as well as Kashipur. I think there is some confusion there, so 
the two need to be added up. And just to clarify, no imported ethanol can be sold into biofuels, and we 
don't do that. It is not allowed in the country to take RS from imports and selling into biofuels. 
 
Tushar Vasuja 
 
Okay, sir. Okay. I have few more questions. I'll fall back in the queue for that. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
Yes. So, sir, I just wanted to understand like from like our Q1 numbers are very good. So we hope to be 
able to sustain these numbers like and can the margins improve? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
I've answered this question. As much as you would like to have a precise answer, and I would like to have 
a precise answer, and I would like to have a better answer. I explained this answer just before that the 
macro trends and what the business is doing strategically, we think is the right thing and right now things 
are moving in the right direction. I think to answer your question whether the numbers can improve? The 
answer is yes whether I can project that the numbers will be higher, I will restrain. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Sorry for the disappointment. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
No worries about it, sir. And, sir, just one small clarification, sir. I think you were saying that with the new 
capacities around INR 150-200 crores revenue we could see for this year, right? So just like, it's for, for 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
18 
 
what part were you saying that, sir? Like, our new total CapEx will come online in Q2 and Q3. Was it for 
that? 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
So see, what I mentioned was that there is something like INR 150 -200 crores of top line in this financial 
year that we are targeting to do based on new value added products, which is Specialty Chemicals, okay? 
Which is a different business compared to glycols or bio-based ethanol because the longer term strategy 
of the company is to also build a good value added sustainable, hopefully more profitable portfolio of 
businesses. And so that is one part of the CapEx. Our CapEx is in several areas. Our CapEx of Specialty 
Chemicals was lower, but our major CapEx has happened in grain-based expansion, or ethanol expansion. 
So that is what it was about. It was only the two Specialty Chemicals that I gave that number. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. I just wanted to understand in terms of the ramp up for our grain-based plant, so 
what kind of utilization would we get in the start? Like what kind of extra revenue could we hope to 
achieve from those in the current year? 
 
S.K. Shukla 
 
As I told you that our capacity is proposed to be 50% additional on this year from the 1st of December. So 
accordingly, we hope our margin will be increased. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
Yes, but it would take some time to ramp up. Like what kind of utilization will we be able to hit in maybe 
the Q4 quarter like? 
 
S.K. Shukla 
 
Around, we can say, 80-85% capacity will be utilized. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
Okay, fair enough sir.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
19 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
What happens here is that we are quite confident, and we base it on based on how we see the government 
is improving the blending. And we have kind of try to phase our capacity and what we do is, we kind of 
maybe it's not the right word, we apply for allocations, okay? And then we have allocations and we tie-in 
or tie-up or couple our expansion plan based on allocation. I also explained in the beginning, somebody 
asked me a question that allocations are there, but how much will happen. So, I said I cannot predict, but 
I have looked at the trend and the actual pickup has more or less been in line with allocation, a slight 
percentage below. And I expect broadly the trend to continue, and we are kind of mapping our capacities 
to follow the government's ramp up. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri 
 
Okay. Fair enough. So yes, that's it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Manish Sadanand, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Sadanand 
 
Yes. So, the first question relates to the last conference call of the last Q4 FY24. We were expecting the 
margin in the country liquor space to improve on threefold factors. One, the increase in the supply rate 
of quarts, pints and nips, and second, increase in the volume, and third, the lowering of the packaging 
cost. But when we compare the EBIT with regards to the Q1 FY24 available and Q1 FY25, the margins have 
down slightly. So what factors have played out exerted pressure on those margins? And we are already in 
the first month of the Q2 and how are those factors playing in the current quarter. 
 
S. K. Shukla 
 
The county liquor margin, we have increased already our volume around 20% as compared to Q1 of the 
last year. So certainly, our overhead expenses reduced and the packaging prices, around dip of 10-11% as 
compared to last Q1. Since we have increased our capacity in both the plants, Kashipur and Gorakhpur, 
so relatively our margins in the Kashipur plant is little bit higher than the last Q1. So this is the reason as 
of now, the increasing the more profitability in the country liquor segment. 
 
Manish Sadanand 
 
So how are these sectors being playing in the Q2 and the first month? I mean, do you see any improvement 
in the margins going up?  
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
20 
 
S.K. Shukla 
 
No, margin would remain same because both prices because mostly country liquor, all the raw material 
prices, basically feedstock prices is already fixed by the government. So, we don't think any negative 
impact in the Q2. 
 
Manish Sadanand 
 
Okay. And my second question is regarding the debt. I know I was going through the MCA website, and 
there were certain charges being created in the month of June and July. So to extent of INR 165 crores 
from Exim Bank and two other banks. So are these the fresh borrowings? Or are these the modification 
of the charges are taken over, the loan being taken over by the other banks? So what is the rationale 
behind it?  
 
Anand Singhal 
 
That is the fresh borrowing, Manish.  
 
Manish Sadanand 
 
Okay. So, and this fresh borrowing that we are utilizing it for the -- for what Capex are we utilizing that? 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
For running Capex as well as raising some funds for the working capital requirement.  
 
Manish Sadanand 
 
Okay. So our net debt as on date stands at what figure? And we were to get some money from Clariant, 
have we got that? And what is the delay? And when do we look forward to receive that and reduce our 
debt?  
 
Anand Singhal 
 
Our debt is around INR 1,000 crores right now. Regarding the money, which is to be received from Clariant, 
that is still outstanding and that will come by 31st March 2025.  
 
Manish Sadanand 
 
So, this INR 1,000 crores that you mentioned includes the fresh borrowings of the working capital and that 
is being reflected in the MCA website. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
21 
 
 
Anand Singhal 
 
The amounts is debt as on date. That's what I'm saying. It means that already includes the debt that we 
have already taken.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. There are no further questions. Now, I hand over the floor to management for closing 
comments. 
 
Rupark Sarswat 
 
Yes. Thank you very much for your time, and as usual, good probing questions. It's good to be here with 
you all after a decent or rather good quarterly performance. And we hope as much as you hope that we'll 
have a positive trend continuing for the business. We are here to make sure that we have the right 
strategy, we execute it well. And hopefully, with your good wishes continued, we'll continue to support 
our shareholders. Thank you very much on my behalf as well as my colleagues here, who have been here 
on the call. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now.  
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose.)  
 
India Glycols Limited  
Head Office  
2B, Sector 126, Noida  
Gautam Budh Nagar,  
Uttar Pradesh, 201304  
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200  
Fax: +91-120-3090111  
 
Registered Office  
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713  
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand)  
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500  
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535  
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com  
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
