• 
.. 
THE SUl<HJIT 
STARCH AND CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
EVOLVING WITH NATIJRE 
Ref: SSC/VPF /SE/2024-25/ u "1
BYE-FILING 
To, 
Dt: 14/08/2024 
To, 
The General Manager-Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
The General Manager-Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Ref: Security Code: 524542 
Ref: Symbol: SUKHJITS 
Re&: Transcript ofEarnin&s Call hosted onAueµst 08. 2024 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call / post Earnings Call hosted by the 
Company on August 08, 2024 to discuss Q1 FY25 results, is attached herewith. 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For THE SUKHJIT ST ARCH & CHEMICALS LTD 
VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
•
& COMPANY SECRETARY
Encl: as above 
CH & c
 
,,, 
:ic 
r-
::> 
Ch 
(/) 
,... 
v 
lfG\1 
ISO 9001:200 Certified 
& FSSC:22000 Company 
SARAI ROAD, PHAGWARA 
DIS f f I. KAPURTHALA 
PUNJAB 144 401, INDIA 
T +911824 46 8800, 260314 
F +911824 261669, 26 2077 
E SUKHJIT@SUKHJITGROUP.COM 
CIN: L15321PB1944PLC001925 
WWWUKHJITGROUP.COM 
.. 
Aman 
Deep Setia
Digitally signed by 
Aman Deep Setia 
Date: 2024.08.14 
17:33:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
“The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHAVDEEP SARDANA - SENIOR VP & CEO, THE 
SUKHJIT STARCH AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH CHAWLA – SENIOR VP & CFO, THE 
SUKHJIT STARCH AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
AMAN SETIA – VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) & 
COMPANY SECRETARY, THE SUKHJIT STARCH AND 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited Q1 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aman Setia. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Aman Setia: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Aman Setia, Vice President (Finance) and Company 
Secretary at The Sukhjit Starch. On behalf of the Sukhjit Group, I would like to extend a warm 
welcome to all of you for joining us for today's call to discuss our Q1 FY '25 Results.  
We truly value your ongoing support and commitment. We want to assure all our current and 
prospective investors that we are dedicated not only to achieving strong operational and financial 
performance, but also to upholding high standards of transparency and best practices.  
I trust you have reviewed our Q1 FY '25 Financial Results, which are available on the Stock 
Exchange as well as on our website.  
Today, joining with us from the management team is Mr. Bhavdeep Sardana – Senior VP and 
CEO and Mr. Rakesh Chawla – our new CFO. 
Mr. Chawla is a senior qualified chartered accountant and has been an integral part of our 
company since 1997. He is a profound professional, having over 30 years of experience in 
industry, handling varied management functions ranging from finance, commercial to 
production and HRD. He has successfully handled the commissioning of the new projects of the 
company and successful operations thereof. His experience of heading units of the company as 
profit centers and has been involved in the strategic planning for future growth of the company.  
Regarding our Q1 FY '25 Performance, here are some key highlights: 
Our revenue from operations stood at INR389 crores, EBITDA at INR32 crores, profit before 
tax at INR18.21 crores and profit after tax at INR13.61 crores.  
For a more detailed overview of our Financial Performance, I now hand over the call to Mr. 
Rakesh Chawla.  
Rakesh Chawla: 
Thank you, Amanji. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to welcome all of our stakeholders 
to today's call. 
With over 27 years of service at the Company, I am both honored and excited to continue in my 
role as CFO.  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Let me provide a detailed Overview of our Financial Performance for Q1 FY '25: 
Our revenue from operations stood at INR389.83 CR, reflecting a substantial 21% growth year-
on-year. Driven by increased sales volume, this strong revenue growth underscores our ability 
to capitalize on market opportunities effectively. 
Our EBITDA stood at INR31.5 CR, demonstrating a notable increase of 9% year-over-year. Our 
EBITDA margins stood at 8.07%. This improvement highlights our ongoing efforts to enhance 
operational efficiency and cost management.  
Net profit for the quarter reached INR13.61 CR, grew from INR13.04 CR reported in Q1 FY 
'24. This represents a 4.4 year-on-year increase showcasing our robust financial health and 
effective strategic initiatives.  
In addition, we are thrilled to announce our current expansion project is progressing as scheduled 
and the results of partial commissioning should start coming in from Q3, strategically 
positioning us for future growth. 
Further additionally, we plan to expand our production capacity by 1,000 tons over the next 3 
years. This expansion will elevate our total production capacity to 3,000 tons per day. This 
strategic move is designed to boost our production capabilities and position us to capture 
emerging opportunities in the market. The increased capacity will enable us to meet growing 
demand and drive future growth.  
Now, I hand it over to Mr. Bhavdeep Sardana – our CEO, to give a brief about the company. 
Thank you.  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you, Mr. Chawla. Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to share that for this quarter, as 
mentioned, our revenue from operations increased to INR389.83 crores, reflecting a 21% 
increase from the same quarter in the previous year. This significant growth is driven by 
enhanced sales volumes and underscores the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives and 
operational strategies.  
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about continuing this positive trend. Our outlook remains 
strong, supported by robust demand across key sectors such as packaging, FMCG, and 
pharmaceuticals.  
Additionally, we are witnessing a resurgence in rural demand and promising growth in the paper 
and textile industries. These factors contribute to our confidence in further revenue and volume 
improvements.  
The Indian starch industry is poised for substantial growth driven by several factors. The 
increasing demand in the food and beverage sector, the expansion of the pharmaceutical 
industry, growth in the textile sector are key drivers. 

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
So, as I was mentioning, there has been a 21% increase in our revenue growth from the same 
quarter in the previous year. Going ahead, we are optimistic about continuing this positive trend.  
Our outlook remains strong, supported by robust demand across key sectors such as packaging, 
FMCG and pharma. We are witnessing a resurgence in rural demand as alluded to by the FMCG 
majors and promising growth in the paper and textile sectors as well.  
The Indian starch industry is poised for good growth driven by several factors. The increasing 
demand in the food and beverage sector, the expansion of the pharmaceutical industry, growth 
in textile sectors should be key drivers in the future.  
Currently per capita starch consumption in India is lower compared to developing nations or 
developed nations such as China, highlighting significant growth potential within India. 
Moreover, the market is influenced by import-export dynamics with exports playing a crucial 
role in driving market expansion and profitability.  
In conclusion, we are confident in the promising trajectory and future prospects of our company, 
our dedication to long-term value creation, strategic initiatives and disciplined financial 
management positions us well for continued growth. With a strong foundation and forward-
looking strategy, we are exceptionally positioned to seize emerging opportunities and drive 
sustainable growth in the coming years.  
Our commitment to innovation, quality and customer satisfaction remains at the core of our 
success, ensuring we create lasting value for our stakeholders. We are confident that these 
initiatives will enable us to navigate the evolving market landscape and achieve our ambitions.  
Now I welcome questions from the participants.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from Aditya Birla Money. Please go ahead.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sir, I wanted to ask what is the growth rate that industry, starch industry would be expecting in 
India?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, I can say that our industry has typically grown in the past at the rate of the GDP, higher 
than the rate of the GDP. And going forward, I would assume that minimum GDP growth rate 
is there for the entire industry or for the verticals we service.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
And then historically we have seen that we have had one, two good years and then two years of 
very single-digit growth. And then again, FY '22 and '23 were very good. Again, FY '24 was 
flattish. So, sir, why is this pattern where we are not able to do consistent growth? And also, one 
more question. How much sales growth are we expecting in the next 2-3 years?  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We are talking about past historical figures. We have been investing and then waiting for our 
investment to bear fruit before we get into next expansion mode. That is typically how at Sukhjit 
we expand our capacities. We are careful about leveraging etc. So, part of the factor what you 
are seeing in the top line growth is because of that.  
 
FY '24 as compared to FY '23, there was a slight dip, but there was a volume growth. That was 
because Maize prices softened in Q2 and remained subdued in Q3 till the middle of Q3. By that 
time most of the years were nearly over. So, that is the reason why the dip was there.  
 
For FY '25, we are looking at bare minimum 10% to 15% growth and going forward with our 
expanded capacities coming in, we hope that run rate of between up to 10% may continue, but 
one must keep in mind that this is a agro produce which is our raw material and our top line also 
will have impact of the pricing of our raw material.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment. Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sir, my first question is that you mentioned some new environmental regulations. If you can talk 
about that, what are those regulations? Are we seeing any plant shutdowns because of this in 
China which can help the export growth?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Sir, your first part of the question was not very audible.  
Deep Gandhi: 
Sir, I was wondering if you can talk about these new environmental regulations which you 
mentioned in the press release for China. And are we seeing any plant shutdowns because of this 
in China?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, it is getting stringent, and we have said this in the past, that globally environmental 
regulations are stringent and Indian regulators have had a stricter rules and regulations for 
process industries and us large manufacturers have been compliant for decades now. So 
therefore, it is much easier for us to compete as far as ESG norms are concerned because we 
have been walking the talk for quite a bit now.  
Deep Gandhi: 
Sir, my next question is, if you can talk about what was the percentage increase in the maize 
prices for the quarter and are the finished product pricing also moving similar or is there some 
difference in the raw material pricing and finished product pricing as of now?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, I will give you the absolute figures. Maize pricing is now hovering in parts of India between 
INR25 to about INR27 per Kg and this was INR22 to INR23 a Kg going a quarter back. And as 
far as the lag between our finished good prices and raw material, it takes about 10 to 15 days to 
pass on, to start passing on effectively, and I think about 3 weeks for a total revision in finished 
good pricing, subject to because we also have certain contracts which are quarterly contracts or 
monthly contracts. So, by and large, we are able to pass it on very effectively. 

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Deep Gandhi: 
And sir, last question before I join back the queue. What was the volume growth in FY '24 for 
the entire year? It's okay if you can't give the numbers, but just the percentage. And also similarly 
for Q1, what was the volume growth?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
I won't be able to share with you the volume growth numbers for Q1, but I will say that in FY 
'24, we grew by more than 5% in overall volumes.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, firstly, I am trying to understand that, sir, what would be the total installed capacity of the 
domestic maize processing industry?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, it's very difficult to say what the total capacity of the domestic industry is because quite a 
few players are not listed, and they don't disclose their capacities. One could argue that maize 
processing is done for around 7 to 8 million tons. Overall, some people say 5 million tons. So 
it's still very relative. The top few manufacturers who are listed probably disclose their capacities 
more. So, I can't give you an accurate picture on that.  
Keshav Garg: 
If we consider ballpark number, if we have around 10% market share, then that means and our 
capacity is 1,600 TCD or TPD, so that makes the industry around 16,000 TPD. In that case, sir, 
we are adding 25% capacity this year. Now the industry leader is also adding 25% capacity and 
so are the other smaller listed companies. And you mentioned in your opening remarks that the 
maize processing industry is growing by, by and large, the GDP number which is, let's say, 10%. 
If it's more than the GDP, so still there will be over capacity. And in that light, where do we see 
the margins going?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, I will answer your question in two parts again. When we say that our market share is 10%, I 
say it with a disclaimer that it is based on again estimates of the listed players' capacities whose 
data they share publicly. And I also said that if I talk in absolute numbers, I think the starch 
industry consumes anywhere between 5 million tons to about 8 million tons of maize per annum 
of India's total maize output.  
 
Now that's a huge variation. And when you say that if I am expanding at say 25%, and let's say 
I am only talking about maize grind and I am not talking about the product differentiation 
downstream, A, not everyone's production cycles come in line.  
 
If you look at 8 million tons and you take a GDP growth rate of, I think our industry has always 
grown higher than the GDP, even if you take 1.5x GDP growth, I think if 5 players are expanding 
in the overall number with the demand growing, that gets absorbed with the export potential and 
some of our colleagues in the industry who are near the ports are exporting in a very big way.  
 
For us, going forward, exports is an opportunity. So, I don't see that much of a problem going 
forward. I hope I have been able to give you a gist and allay your concerns on the industry growth 
versus supply and demand mix.  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, also if we compare our numbers with the industry leader, we are doing on 390 crore revenue. 
We did 25 crore PBIT, whereas the industry leader did on 910 crore revenue 92 crore PBIT. 
Basically, they are doing 10% margin. We are doing 6% margin. So, why is this differential?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, again, this is something which we aspire to. This is something which we are looking at. We 
are, I am not saying following the leader, but we hope to imbibe the best practices of a large 
capacity at single location. We have 4 manufacturing units where we are not sweating them well 
enough and those units have that much more potential to grow and if we grow our units or create 
a green field capacity of a large nature, our costs, etc., would come down and that would of 
course give us a better margin. I hope I have been able to answer that.  
Keshav Garg: 
Right. Sir, so basically now if we look at our margin, now in the past, we used to do around 12% 
margin. We have even done 14%, but now it has reduced to 8%. Sir, so now going forward when 
do you foresee margins again at least coming to double digits?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, it can happen with larger capacities if you again talk about, you mentioned the industry 
leader twice. So, once we increase capacities, we will at least go where their margins are and 
achieve better efficiencies of scale plus if there are other factors as well, it is always timing and 
creating more capacities in certain value-added products, which we are working on.  
Keshav Garg: 
So, basically, sir, if we see the industry leader as well as Sukhjit, the margins when they were 
14% in FY '22, so were the corn prices up or down? Basically, I am trying to understand when 
the corn prices go up, do we have a inventory gain and that is why our margins went to 14% or 
thereabouts, or when the corn prices fall dramatically then…? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
What I will say is when we cover raw material coverage, it is for that point in time, it is for those 
factors at that time. Now, of course, there can be raw material-led gain which gives us better 
margins. We have good coverage this year and if the maize pricing continues to remain bullish 
on account of higher ethanol and if there is a disruption in the supply chain of maize, naturally 
we will stand to gain.  
 
But there is lots of ifs and buts. Kharif crop has been sown. Monsoon data looks good. So, 
whether there is stability or this thing, so, again, all these factors determine if there is a higher-
than-normal profit or you have a normal run rate. Our efforts are to ensure that we do not fall 
below a set norm or a set standard and there is the gap between us and let's say someone with a 
more efficient plant. That benchmarking gap doesn't fall, which I think as a company we are 
doing pretty well and we have done well and our intent I think going forward with our new 
expansions which we are fulfilling that we will start to see both top line growth and fingers 
crossed, bottom line growth as well.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, so, basically, what I understood is that high maize prices are good for us, is that 
understanding correct?  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yeah, if I have covered it cheap and maize prices go up, I am able to pass on to try to get finished 
good pricing based on the market price. So, everyone tries to do that, but you got to time it every 
time. So, it's not that you will get it. You need to have stock. You need to have read the market. 
You need to have taken a call at the right time.  
Keshav Garg: 
And also, since in India GM maize is not allowed, whereas in western countries it's allowed, so, 
basically, then how over the long term, I don't think exports will be competitive from India 
because if your raw material only is expensive, then obviously exports will not be competitive. 
So, that being the case, how do you foresee? My fear is that forget about exports, we should not 
start importing. I mean, if import start coming at a cheaper rate because of GM corn abroad 
because in any case, this industry is not edible. This is like for textile paper etc., non-edible 
usage.  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
No, I would like to correct you there, Mr. Garg. I would like to correct you there. A lot of the 
food companies which we service in India take a disclaimer from us that we are supplying 
material made from non-GM corn. So, there is a demand for it. While the concerns for GM or 
non-GM for textile may not be there, it is definitely there for food and pharma.  
 
So, while that is, one can say, a higher cost having non-GM, but countries like Argentina and 
Ukraine and our neighboring Burma produce non-GM corn and those are the corns which have 
come into India, maize which has come into India if there has been a supply constraint in the 
domestic market for that point in time.  
 
Right now also, those opportunities are available, but as far as exporting our product is 
concerned, in the domestic markets, the kind of freight incident to say export from say China to 
Middle East or China to Africa or from our western court to Africa, I think India will remain 
competitive and we have remained competitive even though maize pricing was higher last year, 
whereas the U.S. corn was lower and U.S. corn landed in China or parts of Southeast Asia or 
other starch producing economies was high and then resultant starch from there landing in the 
consumption centers in the typical starch consuming markets, that also did not have that much 
of an effect on the Indian starch export.  
 
So, I think there is room for us to grow and with the Indian maize supply increasing where the 
government itself is giving subsidies to ensure maize acreage increase and I believe the 
Government of India's target is to and I am told by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research 
that from the present base of 35 million tons, they are looking to increase to 70 million tons. So, 
I think the future for the raw material and sustainability of our raw material supply chain looks 
very good.  
Keshav Garg: 
And lastly, sir, please tell us about the infrastructure division that, sir, is this 16 crore or 17 crore 
that we made revenue, is this the range that we are getting from the infrastructure division or 
what exactly is this? And how is it expected going forward? And what kind of CAPEX we are 
thinking of doing over here?  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, right now we are not doing any CAPEX on that. So, the kind of money which has come in 
has been a mixture of services provided to the anchor unit and others. It has been certain for 
running our cold chain infrastructure. Going forward, we hope to increase, and we still have 
some infrastructure yet not fully utilized, which will, once upon utilization, give us a better return 
and hope to add to our bottom line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
Sir, we have seen maize prices increasing quarter-on-quarter. So, have you also increased the 
finished product prices?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yeah, we are. We will pass on the price increase to the customer if our raw material prices go 
up.  
Aditya: 
Sir, ideally the margins should improve from next quarter onwards.  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We are hopeful that we gain in terms of margins. But as they say, a lot can happen between what 
we expect and what reality happens. So, with the disruption sometimes politically surrounding, 
etc., if there is a demand disruption, then that troubles us.  
Aditya: 
Sir, in the previous quarter, we had mentioned that there were some high value products which 
are seeing lower demand. So, if you could just elaborate which were these high value products 
and where do these go? And has the demand come back for these products?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, you can see from the commentary of not our company but our clients or clients in the 
category of Nestle, Dabur, ITC, and everyone is talking about rural demand increase. So, as the 
rural spend increases and now the government making all the right noises, the central 
government that is making the right noises and all state governments trying to increase farmer 
income, it bodes well for companies such as us because we supply into companies which touch 
the lives of everyone, even in the rural areas.  
 
So, we are looking forward to that and we hope that a renewed demand of our value add products 
whether which goes into recreational choices such as chocolates and say, beverages or even oral 
health care, higher end toothpaste,, etc., we hope to see a better demand.  
Aditya: 
And sir, the next question was on the maize prices. So, you have been in this industry for so 
many years. So, generally, what we see is that when the Kharif crop comes in February and 
March, the maize prices tend to drop, which we did not see this year. So, if you could just 
elaborate why was it and was it majorly because of ethanol policy? If you could just elaborate 
on that.  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, Rabi crop has just gotten over and Rabi crop came in as expected. It opened lower and soon 
it dried up. As soon as the demand got taken up, the prices started increasing. Kharif now is 
expected, I would say, mid-October onwards. So, I am hopeful that the crop is in abundance.  
 
The reports which are coming in, the sowing areas under acreage in key states such as Madhya 
Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka, those states are showing an increased area and maize does 
not need that much water. So, hopefully the crop will come in and there will be a kind of stability.  
 
But yes, the base price has increased because of the ethanol industry which you correctly picked 
up. So, we are expecting INR23 at the farmyard and that would mean up to INR25, or INR26, 
or INR24, depending on where you are located and where you are sourcing it for. 
Aditya: 
And sir, now you mentioned that maize production in India is around 35 million tons. So, if you 
just help us understand how much of it goes into poultry, how much of it goes into maize, and 
how much of it has been diverted out to ethanol?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, Aditya, that's your name, right? Yeah, So, it's a, again, the poultry sector mentions through 
their association that they consume about 15 million tons to 20 million tons they have. They say 
they rely on certain other co-grains as well. The ethanol industry, which was zero about three 
years ago, or four years ago, is now upwards of 2.5-3 million tons.  
 
Starch industry is, depending upon the data available, it's an estimate between 5.5 to 7.5 million 
tons, and the balance goes into direct for food, whether it is extruded snacks, or certain 
populations in the country eat maize flour on a daily basis. So, that's about it.  
 
India used to export about 2.5 million tons. That share got taken by ethanol. And I think that's 
been the only change as far as the consumption matrix is concerned. Going forward, the share 
of ethanol is going to increase, share of starch industry is going to increase, and poultry, of 
course, is also going to increase as we increase our incomes, income levels, and we become a 
protein consuming nation. So, all that's going to happen, whether it is through poultry feed or to 
cattle feed for dairy etc.  
Aditya: 
Is there any import duty on import of maize currently? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, there is, one can import it. Import is not allowed, first of all. It is you can import it through 
government permissions for a specific quantity in a specified window in case there is a supply 
outage. One can't import maize just like that.  
Aditya: 
And sir, in our press release, you have mentioned that there are some environmental issues in 
China. But what I understand was this was pre-COVID. This used to happen in 2018 and '19, 
due to which we became a net importer of starch. Has there any element in the new regulations 
which have come in? These are old regulations or new. 

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, this element, which we want to emphasize, is that our Indian starch industry and the top few 
manufacturers are more compliant and we have been compliant for the last many decades. That 
gives us the breadth of opportunity to set up plants and operate and comply with the ESG norms 
and survive and grow ecologically at any site to which the way the Chinese industry or when we 
say China or any other developed nation or a developing nation has challenges with this level. 
We have been that far ahead So, it is much easier for us.  
Aditya: 
And sir, we are planning to expand our capacity by 1,000 TPD. So, if you could just elaborate 
what will be the CAPEX cost and this would be in our existing location, or we are looking for 
new green field CAPEX only? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, we are stuck in a happy place where we have the opportunity to expand our own locations is 
very good and we are also looking at green field locations. So, a decision on that will come out 
very soon. Maybe between three to five months, we should be able to come out with how we 
plan to expand and how much we plan to expand, whether it is in one shot or in phases. And the 
cost will depend on what model we decide.  
 
But let's say, if I were to set up a standalone plant with a bare minimum number of products, it 
would be a CAPEX of at least INR 125 crores to INR150 crores bare minimum. It can go up to 
200 crores depending on the complexity of products which we set up.  
Aditya: 
Sir, just one last question. Now if I look at the history of our company, we just stuck around at 
1,000 TPD for around 7 to 8 years, but in the last 3-4 years we have doubled our capacity and 
now we are looking to expand our capacity further. So, just wanted to understand has something 
changed in the industry that is making us bullish or there is something changed in the company 
where we are looking for more growth and increase our profits on the revenue. So, if you could 
elaborate, is it industry or is it internally?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, I think it is a multiple number of factors. Number one, obvious one is the compounding 
effect. You know, when you are at 500, you become 700, 700 you become 1,000. So that our 
base has been getting stronger. So, any expansion suddenly looks bigger is because of that, 
number one.  
 
Number two, undoubtedly the country has been growing in the last many decades and we have 
been positioned and we have been working with our customers and our supply chain partners on 
the sales side. We have been working with them, listening to them and growing our capacities 
or product capacities incrementally. And as far as management is concerned, the management 
has consistently over the last many decades wanted to grow and as and when we felt it was right 
without taking any risk as far as leveraging was concerned, we have grown with that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from SKB Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Jayesh Shah: 
So, my first question is, what specific factors contributed most significantly to the 21% increase 
in revenue this quarter? And are there any particular products or markets that drove this growth?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yeah. So, like I mentioned that there is a resurgence in the rural demand and all sectors which 
we supply to or we are associated with gave us a good opportunity for growth. And we were 
able to service them effectively. And I think it was after a long period, it was a good quarter 
where every sector, there was demand.  
Jayesh Shah: 
My second question would be, can you share more about the company's long-term vision and 
how the current strategies are expected to impact its growth trajectory in the next 3-5 years? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Pardon, can you repeat that please?  
Jayesh Shah: 
I am saying, can you share more about the company's long-term vision and how the current 
strategies are expected to impact its growth trajectory in the next 3-5 years?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, I think as far as our growth is concerned, we are pretty much committed to expanding by 
1,000 tons after we have completed our ongoing expansion. So, that 1,000 tons, how it comes, 
will get implemented in a maximum of about two years. We will try and shorten that period. But 
if you look at our fiscal strength and how we are leveraged, our debt-to-equity ratio is, if I look 
at long-term, that is just 0.15. So, I think we are pretty good on that and we will remain 
conservative. The company is generating enough cash. So, we will use our internal accruals and 
of course take on debt as and when needed.  
Jayesh Shah: 
Last question from my side would be, can you brief on which international markets we are 
planning to target for expansion and what are the growth prospects and strategic considerations 
for these markets?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, the India market and where the world manufacturing in textiles, paper, food, so, these 
markets are well developed as well and very open to receiving material from India and a lot of 
our colleagues in the industry are anyway servicing those markets.  
 
So, let's say Malaysia and Indonesia are big in paper and paper is growing globally, and they 
have larger production bases. So, we will try and make our mark in those markets as well as 
African market for food and beverage which services Southern Europe or parts of the world.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Vora from MNS Associates. Please go 
ahead.  
Sahil Vora: 
I just had a couple of questions. So, my first question is with the ongoing growth in various 
sectors, when can we expect capacity expansion to, like, address this demand?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Can you repeat that question please?  

 
The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Sahil Vora: 
Sir, with the ongoing growth in various sectors, when can we expect the capacity expansion to 
address this particular demand?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, this current expansion, which we have undertaken, has been a mixture of value-add products 
somewhere, overall grinding capacity. So, over the next four to six months, that will all come 
into line and I think Q3 onwards, the results should start showing, and hopefully, that will give 
that positive intention to our margins.  
Sahil Vora: 
My follow-up would be, given the plant expansion and increased capacity, how does the 
company plan to manage the associated capital expenditures and ensure the overall financial 
stability of the company?  
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So, I mentioned that to the previous caller as well. I will again say it. So, we are looking at a 
1,000-ton expansion. We are not sure yet whether we will do it at a standalone new location or 
whether we will expand at our own plants. Once we decide what we are going to do, we are 
spoiled for choice here. So, we are in a lucky place that we can think like that because all our 
capacities, all our locations afford us to scale up our capacities.  
 
If you see our debt to equity, in particular our long-term debt-to-equity ratio, we are at, I think 
we were 0.17 last quarter. It should have gone lower, or it will be lower than that. And overall 
level, even with short-term debt, we are at 0.6 level. So, there is sufficient room for us to grow, 
but the company is generating, and we are adding to our reserves and the company has liquid 
investments.  
 
So, we will do as much of our internal accruals contribution and take on debt as and when 
needed. Debt will be important, but I think the same strategy, which we have followed over the 
last many decades, will be followed going forward as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Aman Setia: 
Thank you. I, on behalf of Sukhjit, would like to express my gratitude to all of you for joining 
us today and sparing your precious time for us. We hope to see you back in our next Con Call. 
If you still have any queries and questions, you may write to our Investor Relation agency, Orient 
Capital, to Mr. Bhavya Shah. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, once again, and have a good 
day.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of The Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
