DreamF lks 
'Your Jl.irport P.x;perience }l.mplifiei ! 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE ltd. 
P, J. Tower, Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400001 
Scrip Code: 543591 
To, 
Dreamfolks Services Ltd. 
#501, Tower-2, Fifth Floor, Worldmark 
Sector-65, Gurugram - 122018 
Haryana, India I 0124-4037306 
www.dreamfolks.in I info@dreamfol _s.l 
CIN: L51909DL2008PLC177181 
Date: August 13, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra ( E), Mumbai- 400051 
Script Symbol: DREAMFOLKS 
ubject- Transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted on August 08, 2024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation of the earlier communication regarding Quarter ended June 30, 2024 Earnings Conference 
Call and in compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to time), please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Quarter 
ended June 30, 2024 Earnings Conference Call conducted on August 08, 2024. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company. 
Kindly take the above intimation on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
ForDr 
:;,,-"""..,---.._, 
• 
• • 
Company Se 
ary and Compliance Officer 
Enclosed: As Above 
Regd. Office: 26, DOA Flats, Shivalik Road, Panchsheel Park, South Delhi, New Delhi - 110017 
RANGOLI 
AGGARWA
L
Digitally signed by 
RANGOLI 
AGGARWAL 
Date: 2024.08.13 
18:16:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Dreamfolks Services Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript has been edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, 
the audio recordings uploaded on stock exchange on August 08, 2024, will prevail. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
                 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. LIBERATHA KALLAT – CHAIRPERSON AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. GIYA DIWAAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. BALAJI SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 
MR. SANDEEP SONAWANE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Dreamfolks Services Limited Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we begin, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements 
and may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It may be viewed in 
conjunction with the company's business risks, and that could cause future results, performance 
or achievements to differ significantly from what is being expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. 
 
Today on this call, we have with us Ms. Liberatha Kallat, Chairperson and Managing Director; 
Ms. Giya Diwaan, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Balaji Srinivasan, Executive Director and Chief 
Technology Officer; and Mr. Sandeep Sonawane, Chief Business Officer. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Liberatha Kallat. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
A very good evening to everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings conference call 
for the first quarter 2025. We announced the financial results earlier today, and I hope you had 
a chance to go through our financial results, investor presentation and press release that are 
available on the stock exchange and on the company's website. 
 
To begin, Q1 FY '25 was a robust quarter for us as we achieved a strong revenue growth of 
20.5% during the quarter and recorded gross margin of 11.7%. Our adjusted EBITDA recorded 
a growth of 30.3% year-on-year. We are on track to achieve a revenue growth of 20%, a gross 
margin of 11% to 13% and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 7% to 9% on a yearly basis. 
Compared to the above guidance, our Q1 FY '25 numbers stands at 11.7% gross margin and 
8.0% adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 
Historically, the second half of the fiscal year tends to outperform the first half, largely due to 
the seasonal nature of our industry. This pattern suggests that we can expect stronger 
performance as the year progresses. 
 
Additionally, the timing of our contract renewals plays a significant role in our financial 
outcome. We work with multiple clients and vendors, and our contract renewals occur at 
different times throughout the year. In the first two quarters, we focus on renewing contracts 
with our vendors, which typically results in lower margins compared to other periods. However, 
this situation improves in the latter half of the year when we renew contracts with our clients, 
leading to relatively higher H2 margins. These two factors are crucial for understanding our 
performance on a full year basis.  
The DreamFolks pax in this quarter reported a 2.8% year-on-year growth to 2.7 million paxes, 
despite a structural shift to the spend-based program implementation by most of our clients, 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
exceeding our internal expectations. The domestic air passenger traffic has reached 40.2 million 
travelers in Q1 FY '25 as compared to 38.6 million in Q1 FY '24.  
On the gross margin front, we have improved from the lows of previous year in the first quarter. 
The gross margins for Q1 FY '25 were at 11.7%, up from 10.7% in Q1 FY '24. Adjusted EBITDA 
for Q1 FY '25 was at 8.0%, up from 7.4% in Q1 FY '24. 
 
As you may recall, the last quarter, we significantly expanded our team by recruiting talent from 
leading business schools across the country. We are optimistic that this investment in our 
workforce will yield substantial returns, and we anticipate seeing the benefits over the next two 
years. In addition to strengthening our team, we are also taking steps to expand our global 
presence, aiming to replicate our successful growth story beyond India. 
 
We have been actively working on diversifying our client base by focusing on acquiring more 
enterprise clients. In line with our strategy to offer exclusive travel and lifestyle benefit programs 
tailored to meet the unique needs of enterprises, we have successfully added four new clients in 
the engagement and loyalty sector to our roster this quarter. This initiative is designed to enhance 
the value proposition of their employees, customers, and channel partners. We are excited about 
these developments and the positive impact that they will have on our business going forward.  
We have been focusing on increasing the share of services beyond the “Indian Airport lounge” 
offering and I'm pleased to report that these services have gained traction. Our golf services in 
particular are seeing strong demand. In the domestic market, we have launched golf programs 
at new locations and added 6 new clubs that provide access to golf games, golf lessons or both. 
We have also started golf programs at new locations for a major client in India. We have also 
expanded existing services by adding new products such as medicine on call and doctor 
consultations through our partnerships. 
I would like to highlight that the credit card industry is undergoing a structural shift towards a 
spend-based benefit mechanism. An increasing number of banks are entrusting us with 
assignments to implement product-level changes and upgrades to their credit benefits. This trend 
underscores the deep integration of our technology within our clients’ system and their reliance 
on DreamFolks to facilitate new projects and structural changes. 
 
During the quarter, within India, we have onboarded 6 new airport lounges to our network, with 
5 lounges at domestic terminals and 1 lounge at international terminal. Globally, we have added 
41 new lounges to our portfolio.  
We will continue to maintain 100% coverage in all 71 airports and 14 railway lounges in the 
country. And these numbers should grow with the government's focus on boosting domestic 
tourism through improved infrastructure and connectivity, as highlighted in the Union Budget 
for 2024-25 recently announced. 
 
The government's push to position India as a global tourist destination, supported by targeted 
investments and strategic initiatives to promote cultural and heritage tourism. This invites 
visitors, not only domestic travelers, but travelers from around the world. With substantial capex 
allocation for infrastructure, we expect even more opportunities arising in terms of building of 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
new airports, modernization and renovation of existing airports, as well as railway stations. In 
short, the future looks bright for the travel industry. 
The premium services like lounges, spas, sleeping pods are also witnessing a rise in demand, 
driven by an increase in the rising disposable income as well as increased business travel and an 
exponential rise in the complementary services provided by credit card companies. 
 
This higher demand is visible throughout the industry, as the companies providing these services 
have been witnessing solid growth. Globally, airport lounges are evolving the kind of services 
they provide to meet the evolving needs and demands of travelers. Lounges at several airports 
around the world have introduced services like on-site gyms, gaming zones, augmented reality, 
virtual reality and even library, basically offering something for everyone's interest. 
 
The Indian lounge industry is also expected to take cues from these innovations and will 
definitely come up with similar innovations to stay relevant.  
Additionally, the market for luxury and lifestyle services like golf is experiencing a notable 
increase in demand due to the sports' escalating popularity worldwide. According to industry 
reports, golf has attracted a participation base exceeding 60 million individuals across more than 
200 nations. In light of golf's increasing appeal, the golf market is poised for a favorable surge 
in the forthcoming years. 
 
The credit card industry is also flourishing. This is visible through two key metrics which we 
now track on a quarterly basis. First, the number of credit cards in circulation. This has also 
grown to 103.8 million credit cards as on 30th June 2024 from 101.8 million credit cards as on 
31st March 2024, which is an increase of more than 2 million credit cards during the quarter. 
While the average spend per credit card remained at a similar level than the last quarter of the 
corresponding period, the general trend has been going upward, and we expect this will continue 
as the aspirations and disposable income will increase. 
 
Now coming back to DreamFolks, our strategies remain strong and in place. First, we will 
continue to focus on increasing the revenue contribution from services other than the India 
lounge. Second, we will continue to add enterprise clients to our list and offer them more and 
more services, thereby increasing their wallet share. Thirdly, our focus will also remain on 
expanding our geographical footprint. All these strategies, covered with strong industry 
tailwinds will ensure that DreamFolks continues to grow sustainably in the future. While we 
have seen some short-term challenges over the last year, we believe our team has been able to 
navigate those challenges fairly well, and we will continue to perform to deliver positive results 
in the future as well. 
 
With that, I would now invite Sandeep to give an update on the business front. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Thank you, Liberatha. And to all the participants, hello for joining us today. Our expansion 
strategies have been the cornerstone of our success as we strategically onboarded six new airport 
lounges to our networks, enhancing our presence with four lounges at domestic terminals of 
Nagpur, Vizag, Ranchi, Bagdogra Airport and one lounge at the international terminal of 
Amritsar Airport. In addition to this, we have also added one lounge at domestic terminal of 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Gwalior Airport, which will soon be operational. The expansion is not just about numbers, but 
it is all about our commitment to maintain 100% coverage and ensuring that our services are 
accessible wherever it is possible.  
At DreamFolks, innovation is at the heart of what we do. We have taken significant strides in 
aggregating and integrating contemporary services beyond traditional lounge offerings. 
 
Furthermore, we have added new products like medicine-on-call, doctor consultation to our 
existing suite of services under Healthians, ensuring that the customers' health and wellbeing are 
catered to. I would also like to give you an update on golf. Domestically, we have expanded our 
footprint in the golf sector by adding 6 new golf locations, catering to the discerning tastes of 
consumers who appreciate the finer things in life. 
 
Lastly, our strategy to add more enterprise clients has also started bearing fruit. We have 
welcomed four new enterprises or non-banking clients, as we always say, to our client list, a 
clear indication that our value proposition resonates with the corporate world. These partnerships 
are not just business transactions, but they are relationships built on trust, quality and shared 
vision for excellence for the years to come. 
 
As we look ahead, we aim to continue to carry this momentum. We will continue to innovate, 
expand and deliver unparalleled services and solution to our clients and redefine the standard of 
luxury and convenience in the travel and lifestyle services. Our strategic efforts are designed to 
cultivate expansion, augment client value and broaden our market reach. Through the integration 
of modern services, strengthening relationships with clients and expanding our client base, we 
stand poised to seize the industry opportunity and propel sustained growth. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the mic to Balaji to update on the technology. 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Sandeep. By leveraging the advanced capabilities of our proprietary tech platform, 
DreamFolks have successfully integrated new partnerships and expanded our service offerings, 
enhancing the benefits available to our valued clients. These integrations have enabled us to 
introduce new services and enhance existing ones such as medicine on call and doctor 
consultancy through our platform. 
 
These initiatives not only reflect our commitment to innovation, but also demonstrate our 
ongoing dedication to developing a comprehensive suite of solutions for our clients and 
consumers. Our in-house-developed tech platform allows us to create customized products and 
solutions built to the specific needs of our clients. 
 
In line with our strategy to maintain an asset light and efficient operating model, our cloud-based 
platform provides transparent access to a wide range of benefits and services for clients and their 
end users. This access is facilitated through a robust set of omnichannel mechanisms that 
includes various touch points such as physical cards, apps of our clients, the DreamFolks app, 
self-service checkin kiosks, web-based solutions, and all supported by a sophisticated hybrid 
technology that keeps the benefit always in sync. The platform plays a crucial role in redefining 
and defining the spending behaviors of a clients' consumers by delivering highly targeted 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
products and offering superior consumer value propositions, moving away from a generic one-
size-fits-all approach. 
 
In summary, our technology is a vital asset that underscores our unwavering commitment to 
continuous enhancement. This dedication is driven by a goal to provide relevant and timely 
solutions to our clients, solidifying our position as a catalyst for innovation within the industry. 
With that, I hand over the call to Giya to discuss our financial performance.  
Giya Diwaan: 
Thank you, Balaji, and a warm welcome to everyone on this call. We are pleased to report that 
the company has achieved another impressive performance in the first quarter of 2025, showing 
gains across all key operational and financial metrics. The consistent performance during a 
typically slower season reflects the stability of our business model and the continued value we 
provide to our clients and operating partners. 
 
Let me take you through the financial performance for the first quarter of 2025. During Q1 FY 
'25, the company reported a revenue from operations of INR320.8 crores compared to INR266.3 
crores in the corresponding quarter, recording growth of 20.5% year-on-year in spite of a rather 
mild quarter. Gross profit was at INR37.6 crores in Q1 FY '25, up by 32.2% from INR28.4 crores 
in Q1 FY '24. 
 
Gross margin for the quarter witnessed an expansion of 100 basis points to reach 11.7% from 
10.7% in Q1 FY '24. Our adjusted EBITDA, after adjusting for noncash ESOP expenses, was at 
INR25.8 crores in Q1 FY '25, which has grown by 30.3% year-on-year. This has translated to 
an adjusted EBITDA margin of 8.0% in Q1 FY '25 versus 7.4% in Q1 FY '24. 
 
Adjusted profit before tax was INR24.6 crores in Q1 FY '25, up by 31.4%, with adjusted PBT 
margin of 7.7%. PAT for the quarter stood at INR17.2 crores, up by 32.3% year-on-year, with a 
PAT margin of 5.3% compared to 4.9% in Q1 FY '24. 
 
Our net worth as on June 30, 2024 stood at INR254.5 crores. Supported by our consistent 
financial performance and a solid asset-light and low-cost business model, we maintain a strong 
conviction in the sustained growth of our performance. This confidence is backed by our 
strategic endeavors which are anticipated to yield a steady improvement in margins. We are also 
very positive on the travel industry, which will continue to grow owing to government push 
towards infrastructure, increased customer spending, shifting preferences towards more 
premium services and experiences, and many other drivers. 
 
On this note, now I will request the moderator to open the floor for questions 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please 
go ahead.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
So primarily, if I see the numbers, it seems the revenues are largely driven by the price hike. Is 
that the correct way to look at it? Have you taken any price hikes during the quarter? 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Giya Diwaan: 
Shreyans, yes, as we mentioned during our speech as well, that there are different cycles of our 
contracts as well, okay.? So some of the escalation also happens during this period and some 
falls in the second half of the year. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. So also just wanted to understand, last year same quarter, we started at 10.7%. And 
gradually, we improved by 100, 150 basis points. So can we see the same thing happening this 
year as well? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes, Shreyans. As we also mentioned that usually, our first half of the year is always low. And 
that's also because of the seasonality. And we also mentioned about our renewals as well, our 
contract renewals. So the way you have seen it and historically also that was the trend. So you 
would actually see that our second half would be doing much better. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And one clarification. There's no consultancy income this quarter, right? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
No. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
None. Sure. Second question is, if you could give some flavor on our international operations. 
Almost 9 odd months we've done a tie-up at the Malaysian operations. So how are the volumes 
moving out there? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So Shreyans, 9 months is the too lesser time for us to really go and give you a number which 
actually makes you feel that we have a substantial number. We have started, the revenue still 
remains low. However, as we speak, there are quite a lot of clients which are in pipeline. And 
the results will be shown in the coming, well, maybe a year or so. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Just to add on, on what Sandeep said, particularly to the Malaysia market, as we also mentioned 
to you earlier, the model is different than what we have been doing right now in India market. 
This is more of a technology what we have built there. So we have still not onboarded any issuers 
or networks. So obviously, the volumes would take some time to come. So we are already in the 
process in few of the Asian markets for onboarding networks and issuers. So once we have these 
clients on board, that's when we would actually start expecting to see some numbers and 
obviously, a contribution to our top line as well. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Got it. And my last question is for Balaji. So on the golf part, I just wanted to understand, 
currently, we just added 6, what’s the total number, number one? And number two, in terms of 
system integration, I believe it will be largely not on our platform because many of them wouldn't 
be having those systems in place. So how are we working on that front? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
So the way it works, Shreyans, is that, we have, I think, maybe around 1,400-odd courses that 
are part of our network globally. And the booking is specific typically through a concierge, or 
in many cases, it is run through web access solution that we have, so either the consumer would 
call the concierge at the bank or they'll login through the web access and make a booking 
themselves. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
So these are the mechanisms through which the booking is done. And we don't need to typically 
deploy a solution at the golf course end. There is a booking portal that they have access to and 
they receive the bookings over there. So that's how it works. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mount Intra Finance. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
I'm just trying to understand the business model a little bit. So as I understand that we're 
transitioning to a comprehensive travel and lifestyle service aggregator. So I just wanted to 
understand that are these new offerings, are they based on the same model of benefits offered by 
banks on their credit card? Is it the same model? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So yes, but partially true. If you were to look at the CVP of a bank there are many more services 
other than the lounge like your spas, your airport transfer, your meet and assist, so on and so 
forth. But having said that we are not restricting ourselves to cater only to one type of a client 
which is the bank and that is where we have taken new people and we kept saying that enterprise 
is something that we are targeting. 
 
And enterprises generally are the ones who actually asked us to acquire a service which is very 
contemporary. It could be say a pet care, it could be self-grooming, it could be health checkup, 
it could be golf. So these are the lifestyle services. So yes, we have to bouquet of both. Over a 
period of time we have acquired both the lifestyle as well as travel related services in our 
portfolio. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
And just to answer that if the model is going to be the same, primarily, yes, the way we have 
structured the lounge. But obviously, I mean we are doing a change as well in terms of doing a 
membership model. So here it would be more of a membership wherein the other service benefits 
which would be travel and lifestyle benefits would be included.  
So there would be some benefits which would be complementary in that package and few would 
be at a discount. So yes, it would not be a similar model what is existing right now. And as 
Sandeep was mentioning the focus is not just on the banks. We are now focusing on the 
enterprises where we'll be offering all the other services. 
Pratap Mallival: 
Okay. Understood. But then like these new offerings do they also become vulnerable to like the 
change in policies such as a shift from blanket benefits to spend based benefits? Do they also 
churn to the same thing? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes. So at the moment that has become a spend-based. See, earlier I mean if you actually look 
at it, it was I would say, that only 4% towards the conversion in terms of the benefit usage. But 
at the moment now we have a large set of services. So we are actually giving choice to the 
customer that in case of once they actually fall under a criteria of a benefit, it's not necessary 
they have to use only our airport lounge, but they also have the other services which would be a 
spa or a health package or a beauty. So it would actually consider, but I would say that the option 
or catering to a large customer base would open up for DreamFolks. 
Pratap Mallival: 
Okay. Understood. And just one last question. The last concall I think you had said that a few 
more clients which are significant in the number in terms of contribution. They are yet to go to 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
the spend-based program and we expect that effect to come in maybe H1. So has that kind of 
come in right now and what do we see going ahead? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So that is still in process I would say, because there are a couple of them who have just started. 
So we would still see that impact I would say in Q2 as well. 
Pratap Mallival: 
Okay. And regardless we still hold on to the 20% kind of growth aspiration, is that correct? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes. Considering the impact we have said that it's going to be 20% growth for the full year.  
Pratap Mallival: 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions and best of luck for the quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question will be from the line of Kunal Ochiramani from Kitara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
So as you have shifted your focus from banks to other players now, so are the margins same or 
on lower or higher side? Second, how big is the addressable market here? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Firstly to answer the focus has not changed. I would say that banks and network providers would 
be our focus. We are saying that yes the additional set of clients are what would we be focusing 
now, would be in addition to what the banks and network providers are.  
Coming to your next question about the margins, yes, and we have always said that the margins 
are all driven by the volume what the client is given and basis the volume from the client we 
actually proposed our pricing to them. And in terms of the market size, it's somewhere around 
INR 60,000 plus crores. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
The addressable gifting market would be in excess of INR 60,000 crores. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Okay. And how much do we aspire in this in next 2, 3 years? How much business should we 
expect? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So I would say that next 3 to 4 years the enterprise segment of the client base would contribute 
somewhere around 15% to 20% to our top line. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Fair enough. And you did not answer my question about margins. Would that be similar or less 
or more? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
No, I told you that it would be more because as our pricing depends on the volume what we 
actually have from the client. So obviously the bank volume if you actually look at it, the 
enterprises volume would be competitively lower so the margins would be better there. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Raaj: 
And how much of sales are you expecting from the new set of the services that we have started 
doctor on call and medication services? 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So all put together if I were to talk about all the services other than India lounge services in the 
next 3 to 4 years we envisage this will contribute close to 20% of our revenue. Yes, this will all 
include whatever the services that you mentioned. 
Raaj: 
Okay. And sir, I had one more doubt. When you say services except from India lounge, so what 
does that exactly mean? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
The services that we told you in terms of whether it is airport transfer, whether it is meet and 
assist, whether it is spa, whether it is golf, whether it is F&B, whether it is pet care, healthcare. 
Other than the India lounge business these are all the different services that we already have in 
our portfolio and many of them are live as a part of the consumer value proposition on some of 
the cards. 
Raaj: 
Understood. And sir, one more doubt I had regarding the EBITDA. So if you see FY '24, your 
EBITDA went from 13% down to 8%. So in FY '25 and FY '26 are we expecting a similar 
EBITDA margin range? 
Giya Diwaan: 
That's the gross margin. So let me clarify that, that there are two numbers which we are talking 
about. The 11% to 13% guidance which we have given for FY '25 is for gross margins. And 
what you are telling right now is the EBITDA margin for which we are giving a guidance of 
anywhere between 7% to 9%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question will be from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So now the question is the majority of the banks have now moved to spend base. So what has 
been the experience from the DreamFolks perspective, as in is it fair enough to say that the worst 
is largely behind and we see probably margins reverting back to at least 13% plus? That's the 
first. And second is we interacted with the bankers. So what are the banks indicating in terms of 
how are the consumers taking it? Are they fine or probably we might see some more disruptions? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
So I think, I think the consumers are kind of don't have an option in the bank to take a decision, 
So I think the expected pattern is that they will work with their wallet. So they will move to 
either products within the same portfolio or they will move to products from a different thing. 
And we are seeing that hypothesis come true. We are also seeing a consolidation of spend to one 
product. Instead of consumers choosing to use multiple credit cards, they are consolidating so 
that the spend is aggregated on one product and therefore, get the benefits on that card, so to say. 
 
So we are seeing some of that, although there's a lot of interest in creating new products. So 
different banks are working with us very closely. We are working closely with them. Our new 
products are getting launched across multiple demographics. So I think that's the reason 
Liberatha was mentioning we're still in the middle of that. 
 
Banks are launching new products. Consumers are aggregating or migrating to different card 
products. All of that is happening. But one good thing for us is that at least all these products are 
using our technology. So as more and more product gets rolled out, I think the continued 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
integration that we had done in the past. And as that all of this is using our spend-base 
technology, I think that is all actually good for us in the long term. So I think that is good. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And vis-a-vis our expectations, how are the volumes and the margins playing out? But 
vis-a-vis, we might have factored in lower number. So I just want to understand your view that 
how is that playing out? Is it better or it's playing out as what we had expected? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
So Shreyans, I think still we are in the middle of the transition. So I think maybe the numbers 
that Liberatha mentioned as part of our guidance that probably would be the right number to 
aspire to.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. Sure. And secondly, in terms of our mix of lounge and non-lounge, possible 
to give the mix, or what would be the mix? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So we moved in the last 2 years from where we were, less than 2%, to 6% currently. So these 
are the percentages from the non-lounge services. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
But of that 6-odd percent, what would be the major contributor? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
In that, the major contributor would be through meet and assist, golf, these would be some of 
the bigger ones. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. Sure. And lastly, in terms of our lounge business, possible to share the 
numbers of mix of domestic and international pax, the mix? 
Giya Diwaan: 
It would be close to 75% -, 25%. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
75% - , 25%. And largely, I mean pre-COVID, it used to be, say, closer to 70-30. Is that the 
understanding? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Pre-COVID, it used to be around that, but now as everything has stabilized over a period of few 
quarters, so it's anywhere between this range hovering around. 
Moderator: 
The next question now is from the line of Mahisha, who is an individual investor. 
Mahisha: 
Yes. Just wanted to ask that Adani is entering into aggregator services and lounges. So being a 
very big player and have so many airports, how do you plan to safeguard your turf? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So Adani has around 6 airports right now. I would say that even if they are getting into their own 
lounges, they would still require a player like DreamFolks to drive the revenue to them. So we 
do not consider them as a competition, rather they will consider us as a partner, right? Because 
the thing is that if anyone entering into this segment, it is not just their own airports or lounges 
because the way the client would look at in that they would require a complete coverage because 
they would not do individual contracting with individual lounge operators. 
 
Apart from that, it is also about managing the program, which is end-to-end combined, including 
a solution and also the customer support. So I would say that there is no threat as such because 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
I think it is a partnership and as a partner, we drive revenue to them. And they will always need 
a partner like us. 
Mahisha: 
Second question is regarding the global lounges that we have acquired outside India. Can you 
give some color on that? 
Mahisha: 
So we have just 41 global lounges outside India, is it the same services as India? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes. So the way we have our direct contracts here with the airport lounges, similarly, we also 
have contracts with lounges outside India as well, so globally. So we are already present in 100-
plus countries. And it's an ongoing process of adding lounges in our portfolio. So these 41 
lounges are part of those network. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
These were added in the last quarter, that is why we mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vijay, who is an individual investor. 
Vijay: 
It's not a question as such, but more like kind of reflection. Whenever we try to access lounges 
in the airport, the queues are very long. And with the self-service kiosks which you keep there 
are also like very limited in number and it takes too much time for us to access those. 
 
So maybe if you can do something in the number of kiosks or if you provide us and again, one 
more at kiosks when we are not sure which cards are eligible to access the lounge. So maybe 
some customer-facing app, where we can check whether they are particular cards, how many 
lounges that, I mean whether it is eligible for the lounge access and how many are remaining? 
And also if you can increase the number of kiosks at the airport, it could be beneficial for all the 
users. So any comment on that? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
So you are absolutely right, and this is a requirement. And interestingly, we do have the solution. 
It just may be unfortunate that more people don't know about it. So we have a solution called 
web access. If you go to our website, right at the very top, you'll see a button to get to access. If 
you log in into that environment, you can add your credit card or debit card, you will see all the 
benefits, and you can also generate a QR code on that portal. 
 
It will work on your mobile phone, so you don't need to even download an app for it, actually. 
The QR code will get you ahead of the line to bypass the queues at different lounges. So it's 
pretty cool. Why don't you try it out, and check all your cards, how much you consumed, 
everything is there. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Srinivas from FundsIndia. Please go ahead. 
Srinivas: 
Congratulations for the performance of the quarter 1. I would like to know that is it possible to 
publish the segment results. As I know, the company is into multiple segments. Is it possible to 
start publishing those results? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Yes. That's a good question, Srinivas. We also, in some of the conversation told you that how 
lounge versus non-lounge contributes in the total composition. But as far as the regulatory 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
requirement is concerned, given the split, we are not required to do a segment reporting. And 
once it becomes substantial over a period of a few quarters, we would start doing that. 
Srinivas: 
Okay. In terms of present, an investor presentation, at least you can do this part or it is not very 
significant as such the new segments added? 
Giya Diwaan: 
So Shrinivas, there are certain criteria to define whether we are required to do a segment 
reporting or not since all our offerings are based on our technology. So the benefit and the risk 
and reward criterias do not require us to do a segment reporting. 
Srinivas: 
Okay. But I'm sure you must be tracking segment-wise, business-wise, you must be tracking... 
Giya Diwaan: 
Internally, yes, we do that, of course. 
Srinivas: 
Okay. Sure. So maybe in the coming quarters and in the coming years, we'd like to see that 
performance of each segment so that management also can start focusing more and more on the 
lucrative or better ROE parts of businesses. 
Giya Diwaan: 
We’ll keep that in mind. 
Srinivas: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
The first question was on the new lounges that have come into the network in the domestic 
market. In your experience, what is the gestation period required for them to come up to the level 
that we benchmark that our existing lounges are at? How much time does it take? Is it 6 months 
or one year? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
No, so by lounges, are you talking about the domestic or the global? 
Lokesh Manik: 
The domestic ones? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
If you actually look at the trend, it is mostly the metro locations where I would say the traffic is 
there and also the lounge usage. So today, also, if we look at it, around 75% of our volume is 
from the metro cities. So obviously, these locations which are added are generally the Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities. 
 
So it all depends because it also depends on the airport traffic. And also depends on how many 
programs because it's not necessary that the existing card programs would include these lounges 
because there are certain banks which would limit themselves only to a few locations. So this 
actually takes time until and unless the client feels that a certain location is important for them. 
 
So that is not, as such, I would say, a gestation period where we can actually clearly tell you 
because there are a few lounges still in our portfolio which have been part of our network for 
quite some time but we hardly find any usage. But there are a few lounges, for example, Srinagar 
Lounge, which was added, and we immediately saw the footfalls there or the traffic coming into 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
those lounges. So I would say that it varies from location to location. So and also it depends on 
the airport traffic of that particular airport as well. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Understood. Second question is on the other services. So what would be the gross margins here? 
And are you making profit here or do you still need to scale up more to break-even? What is the 
situation on the profitability and then there? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes. So other services definitely have better margins. Lounge is our hero product. And hence, 
the other services tend to have higher margins because the adoption is not as high as lounges. 
So any service that you will add up tend to have higher margins than what we have currently. 
Lokesh Manik: 
I understand that. But are we making money? Are there any profits or are there any profits there 
for the expansion that we are doing? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes, very much. 
 Liberatha Kallat: 
The margins for other services are much better than our airport lounges. So one of the reasons 
also being because of the new services which gets added, obviously, the cost is different. The 
moment the volume increases, that's where things change, I would say, even the whole math 
changes. So right now, I would say that, yes, the other services are of a higher margin compared 
to the airport lounges. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Okay. Just the last question, I understand we cannot actively market these services directly to 
consumers, at least the lounge services. But any other initiative where like the other participant 
you mentioned and you answered that we have a website. But let's say, at the airports, like you 
could install a kiosk or something that will give you a menu of the services that are available 
with DreamFolks so that the customer can you know plug in his credit card or swipe his credit 
card or something and see what all they can have access to. Because as I understand, you cannot 
directly market these offerings to customers. So is there any other initiative that we are doing to 
create this awareness? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
You're right that we cannot do any such marketing for these services or the benefits which are 
there in the card. But we have already done that in terms of having our kiosks in the airports. So 
there are 2 ways that, I would say that the placement of the kiosk was primarily to also do the 
queue management there, but also this helps the customer  who can actually go and check the 
benefits on their card personally on these kiosks. 
 
Not only this, even web access is the other thing what we have actually introduced. So even with 
web access, it's not just about the lounge benefit, but any other benefit which is on the 
DreamFolks platform like the meet and assist or airport transfer, if you also have a spa benefit 
or a golf benefit. All these benefits can actually be seen on your web access as well. 
 
So yes, so these are some initiatives we have already started. And I would say that this is actually 
helping us to also market the other services, including the lounges. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Lokesh Manik: 
Fair enough. And since we are an asset-light model, any policy on cash utilization, what do we 
have in times moving forward? Are we looking at dividends or buybacks or are we looking for 
any inorganic acquisition? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Yes. Lokesh, we do have a board-approved dividend policy. It is much broader policy, which 
captures the allocation towards investment and expansion and acceleration of the business. And 
it also supports the cash flow to be paid in the form of dividend as well as return to the investors. 
And under that policy, only, I'm sure you are aware that during our results announcement for FY 
'24, we also announced dividend for that year. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Arul Selvan from Independent Advisors Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Arul Selvan: 
I just had a couple of questions. The first one is with respect to lounge capacity. I'm sure you're 
aware that the lounge capacity, especially in Tier 1 markets, is very constrained. So any 
subjective thoughts on how any expansion plans in the lounge markets and airports are shaping 
up? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes. So you are right. If you were to look at last year, full year, I mean the square meter of space 
that was occupied by the lounges, all lounges in India put together, were close to around 28,000 
square meters, which actually converted by the end of the year to 35,000 square meters. 
 
So there was a significant increase in the space because it's a very profitable business for the 
airport operator. We may continue to see that. However, I would be sharing one news with you 
people which you should be glad about, that we are no longer wanting to limit our offering within 
the 4 walls of a lounge. We are actually offering services, which are beyond the 4 walls of the 
lounge, which is like you have F&B at the airport, you can actually have a meal in the flight, 
you can actually select the seat. So you can see that even if the consumer misses and is late in 
terms of arriving at the airport, he or she can actually go and have F&B at the airport. If he or 
she is misses there also, then you can actually go to the flight and have a meal inside the flight. 
 
So yes, both in terms of infrastructure wise, there is a significant increase that is happening in 
terms of the increase in the lounge area. At the same time, we are taking proactive steps and 
measures to ensure that our consumers are not standing and have to wait for the queue at the 
lounge, but we are taking and giving them offerings beyond the lounge. 
Arul Selvan: 
Okay. Interesting. But then in this particular scenario, the service provider is not the lounge, 
right? It's somebody else, correct? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
That's right. That's right. 
Arul Selvan: 
Okay. Okay. Then in that case, we would still have the same problem that we're having in terms 
of marketing our services to the right clients. Would that still be kind of a concern? Because the 
way I understand over here is that the lounges are your number 1 product, which all the banks 
and financial services industries want. So we are still trying to kind of expand those services if 
I'm not mistaken, right? 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes, that is true, but we have to be cognizant of the fact that it took a lot, many years for 
consumers to really discover this service. And till today, I mean overall, out of 100 people going 
to a airport, only 6 to 7 people are actually going into the lounge, we do not know as to how 
many people entering the airport are eligible for the lounge access. So it has taken time. 
However, I think because of the digital adoption, the country demographic that we have, I think 
the next service and the next-to-next service will have a faster adoption rate. 
Arul Selvan: 
Understood. Understood. The second question that I had is with respect to the 4 new enterprise 
clients that you guys have added this quarter. Any objective color on what kind of services they 
were looking for? Are they also predominantly interested in the lounge services? Or are they 
more willing to explore your other services? Because the way I see it over here is that and as 
what the CEO had earlier remarks at the lounge services has the least amount of margins and the 
other services have much higher margins. So my understanding here is that the faster you can 
really expand and scale up your non-lounge services, that would really have a bearing on your 
EBITDA margin? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Thank you. Yes, we are absolutely trying for that. And I mean we have recruited a few people 
from good schools only for this reason. So I tell you about the enterprises. What we have done 
is actually very interesting is that we are actually able to sell a package to the enterprise. When 
I say package, it is more than one service. So that should answer your question and also give 
you comfort that actually enterprises are not actually buying one service, they're actually buying 
package of service. So the package would be different for a company A and would be completely 
different for company 2. So it would be a golf, airport transfer and a spa for one A company, 
and it could be a golf, lounge and say a meet and assist for a company B, point number one. 
 
Point number two, because of these package designs and lower volumes, as we mentioned 
earlier, our margins are anyway higher. And yes, the entire effort is to ensure that we acquire 
more and more number of such type of clients. And yes, I mean looking forward for better results 
coming from enterprises. 
Arul Selvan: 
Excellent. And the last thing is actually a follow-up on one of the suggestions that the previous 
contestant asked. 
Moderator: 
We suggest you to return to the question queue... 
Arul Selvan: 
Yes. It's not a question, it's just a suggestion that I would also agree with the previous participant 
that in case you guys can give a segment-wise breakup that would be helpful. So please do 
consider that favour please. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question will be from the line of Rohan Patel from Turtle Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohan Patel: 
I just wanted to get a broad prospect regarding what kind of revenue are we targeting in the next 
three, four years? Like if you can just give an idea about that? And what kind of margins we can 
achieve on such revenue after we can raise our other services other than lounge services? 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Giya Diwaan: 
Yes, Rohan, we are looking at in the next three to four years-time we are looking at 20% to 25% 
growth rate in terms of our top line. And more or less, as we see now a similar kind of range for 
even gross margin. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. So in your gross margin will increase at a faster pace as we are adding other services 
which will be more margin lucrative? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Yes, of course, over a period of next two to three years. I mean, as the mix starts changing in, 
there would be an impact. And I think that would be the right time for us to crystallize the 
numbers what we are talking about in terms of guidance. But as we speak now, the broader 
guidance is in terms of 11% to 13% for gross margins. 
 
And I would also want to highlight what we speak about in terms of our mix. In next two to three 
years' time, the other services will start contributing close to 20%. That's when we will get more 
clarity on how the margins are shaping up in future. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. And can you get this kind of enterprise client portfolio you would be handling, like would 
there be all top 100 companies or top 200 companies not in there, just to get an idea. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes, it will be a mix of that, sure. I mean we are targeting every enterprise considering the 
limitations and the resources that we have. So our GTM or go-to-market model is basis that. So 
yes, we will have both, mix of both types of clients, small and large. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. And how's this traction going on lately, like you will be engaging with them? So how's 
the adaptation, if you can just give some perspective? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Adaptation of what? 
Rohan Patel: 
The traction, like the success rate of getting the clients on enterprise side? Do they approach you 
or you approach them? Just I want to get the idea. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
It is in both ways. It is always both ways because we have 100 people, now come from various 
backgrounds. So some of the companies approach us. And of course, there is a team which is 
actually going out, especially first. 
Moderator: 
The last question for today is from Shreyans Mehta, which is a follow-up question, from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So first is on the employee cost. So is the large part of increase in 
employee cost primarily because of the new additions which we made during the quarter? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Yes. Two factors, Shreyans. One is the annual increment, which happens year-on-year, and the 
other one is the investment in the new employee workforce. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Perfect. So what would be the sustainable employee expense number which we should be 
looking at, closer to say INR 88.5 crores? 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Giya Diwaan: 
I mean we have not yet stopped. I mean there is more expansion. As Liberatha was also 
mentioning in her speech, we would be investing in the manpower. So it is not yet final numbers 
in Q1. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Sure. And one more clarification. When we say we added five new airports under our 
bouquet, so just trying to understand because we already have 100% coverage. So is it that these 
airports were there and they didn't have lounges? How should one look at it? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes. So these airports do not have lounges. So as and when there are new ones coming up in the 
airports, we actually include them in our network. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Sure. And last, if you could, just a bookkeeping number, what is the cash on the books as 
on date? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Cash as of 30th June, is INR81 crores. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Liberatha Kallat for our closing comments. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Thank you all for joining our earnings call today. We hope your queries have been answered. 
For any further queries or information, please contact our Investor Relations team at E&Y. On 
behalf of the company, I thank you all once again for your time and participation. Do take care 
of yourselves, and goodbye. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dreamfolks Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
