     August 12, 2024 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500770 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -  400 051 
Symbol: TATACHEM 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2024 
Further to our letters dated July 19, 2024 and August 5, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the 
transcript of the Analysts/Investors Call on the Unaudited Consolidated and Audited Standalone 
Financial Results of the Company for the first quarter ended June 30, 2024 held on Monday, 
August 5, 2024. 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.tatachemicals.com/investors/financial-reports. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Chemicals Limited 
Rajiv Chandan 
Chief General Counsel 
& Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV 
MANJUNA
TH 
CHANDAN
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV 
MANJUNATH 
CHANDAN 
Date: 
2024.08.12 
18:26:01 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
Tata Chemicals Limited 
Q1FY25 Conference Call Transcript 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Tata Chemicals Limited. 
I now hand the conference over to Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Tata 
Chemicals Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today R. Mukundan – the Managing Director & CEO, and 
Nandakumar Tirumalai – the Chief Financial Officer of Tata Chemicals Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. I would also like to state that the duration of this call will not exceed 50 
minutes. 
I now invite R. Mukundan to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you, Mukund. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thank you, Gavin. Good evening. Welcome everyone to our Q1FY25 Earnings Call. 
I have alongside with me Nandakumar Tirumalai – our CFO. 
I will start the discussion with a brief overview of our operational highlights following 
which we can commence the Q&A session. 
Overall, on the industry: 
The demand has been stable across all end user industries. Demand for detergents, 
as you usually know within India, goes through a bit of moderation during monsoon 
and then picks up again very strongly after winter and goes on to remain robust. 
Demand for flat, container glass and solar glass is good. In North America, while the 
demand is flat, Europe experienced muted demand and Chinese demand was strong 
between January and May and demand for solar glass and lithium carbonate was on 
a strong footing within China.  

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Imports into India, while they did go up between January to May, it has been 
moderated post that and mainly on account of higher freight rates due to tensions in 
Middle East. Most of the companies in US have been able to resolve operational 
issues, and most of the units in US are operating at normal operating levels. Chinese 
soda ash production, however, was slightly reduced due to some issues in Inner 
Mongolia and this was also partly, we heard, because of some issues related to 
quality improvement which was needed in the product. So, overall, I think the 
demand supply situation remains balanced and we do believe that this situation is 
likely to continue for a couple of more quarters. 
India had stable volumes; prices were lower. During the quarter, we commissioned 
2.3 lakh tons of soda ash at Mithapur. This capacity will come on stream in the 
coming months. Export market in US saw a low volume, but between the Quarter 1 
of last year and this year, it is an increase. And sequentially, the export pricing was 
better. UK had stable volumes; however, the prices had softened. Kenya saw 
marginally higher volume and marginally higher prices sequentially. Rallis’s Q1 was 
mixed quarter, domestic business performed well, and there was a pricing pressure 
on export markets. 
So, overall, I think this quarter has played out exactly as we had anticipated. The 
operations have performed to a plan. We continue to focus on ensuring that we serve 
our customers well. We focus on being cost competitive and continue to deliver the 
CAPEX plan on schedule. We would bring on stream several of the CAPEX which 
we had planned, including the bicarbonate capacity of 70,000 and the 
pharmaceutical salt by second half of this year in UK. 
So, all in all, we are focused on efficient operations and serving customers well. 
With this, I will hand over to the moderator to open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the 
line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC Securities and Capital Markets (India) Private 
Limited. 
Saurabh Jain: 
My first question is regarding one of the US peers announcing a price increase 
couple of months back. So, have Tata Chemicals also taken such kind of a price 
increase? And if yes, then what is the expectation on the margin profile in the US 
market going forward? 
R. Mukundan: 
Actually, in US, you would see that the domestic market is mostly annual contracts. 
So, you would find right up to December, the domestic prices will remain the same. 
They are moving at a very narrow band and almost stable. However, the export 
prices, we have seen a bit of up movement in the Southeast Asian markets, and we 
will continue to be in sync with the market. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, do you expect that the benefits will flow to you in the second quarter, which may 
result in further improvement in the margin profile for the US? 
R. Mukundan: 
The sales to Southeast Asia sequentially, as we book the orders, will come into play 
in the export markets. The domestic markets, it would be better that we speak to you 
closer to the month of January, when the new contracts will be negotiated. 
Saurabh Jain: 
What I want to understand on the export side, at least, would you see a benefit on 
the margins in the future quarters? 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, I think as we service these orders, they are at a slightly higher level. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, so do you believe more than $50 a ton kind of EBITDA margin? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, I think the move in the market has been between $10 and $20 at best. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Again, the same thing for the UK. What happened in the UK geography this quarter? 
There has been a collapse in the margin. I thought it's a fixed margin contract. 
R. Mukundan: 
In the UK, there is a bit of an impact of volume. The second one is that there has 
been a drop in the earnings which we used to get from energy business, which 
means we were supplying energy to the grid at a lower margin due to high generation 
of wind energy that has impacted the margin for soda ash. So, in UK, we expect a 
similar kind of margin to run through the year. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, so what you delivered in the first quarter, this is kind of margin would continue 
for the rest of the year? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, and my last question before I join back the queue is that there has been a lot 
of rainfall in some of the Gujarat regions, very heavy rainfall. Are you seeing any sort 
of possible production disruptions for your salt? And that may result in sourcing from 
your vendors. Is that something kind of a scenario that is happening? 
R. Mukundan: 
Actually, as far as we're concerned, as I speak today, we expect to be on track for 
delivering numbers as we have planned. It will be in terms of volume ahead of what 
we had last year. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, no disruption as such that you have seen? 
R. Mukundan: 
We have not seen, and you will have to wait until the month of September because 
monsoon now a days is elongated. Hopefully, the situation remains as we have seen 
up to now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, can you talk about the Kenya sequential margin decline? Is all because of the 
prices is firmed up but our margin has declined sequentially? 
R. Mukundan: 
The Kenya margin in terms of the per ton margin, is in sync with the market pricing 
and is in sync with what we are seeing across the board. But however, there was a 
slightly higher variable cost mainly due to the realiasation cost ie., shipping and 
transportation cost was slightly higher this quarter. We expect them to normalize. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you talk about the demand supply scenario currently in soda ash? 
R. Mukundan: 
We are fully sold out and we expect to remain fully sold out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital.   

 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the India business on the capacity expansion for sodium 
bicarbonate. Just trying to get some clarity. We have already expanded 70,000 tons 
and we are going to expand 70,000 further, is it? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, 70,000 tons has already come on stream. I think another 70,000 tons will come 
somewhere around mid of October ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, and this will aggregate to around 290,000 ton per capacity? 
R. Mukundan: 
That's right. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And how do you look at the volume growth in the bicarb here? Historically, the 
numbers have been slightly slower, but given that we have ample capacity now, any 
thoughts there? 
R. Mukundan: 
Full utilization should happen through the year. So, we expect the first stream should 
get fully absorbed during the year and the balance maybe by Quarter 1 of next year. 
It may be even faster than that, but I think our teams are working to make sure the 
market is able to absorb the volume. India has much lesser consumption of bicarb 
than other markets and we do expect that this supply will drive some of the demand. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, sorry, if I got you right, you're saying the optimum utilization by the end of this 
financial year? 
R. Mukundan: 
What I was saying is that the first 0.7 lacs MT should get fully absorbed during the 
year and second 0.7 lacs MT, depending on how the market evolves, our plan was 
to sort of get it done by Quarter 1 of next year, but it could be faster depending on 
how the market is and how we are able to service the market. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And last question on the domestic, which is India's EBITDA improvement on a 
Q-o-Q basis. Any specific drivers there? How should we look at the business, and 
margin improvement? 
R. Mukundan: 
Probably it's going to be stable. There was a question on Kenya, I think that would 
also normalize because there was some one-off shipping and one-off variable costs 
which sort of impacted us. So, we see nothing on the horizon, which is going to 
impact our elements right through December. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan 
Stanley.   
Vivek Rajamani: 
Two questions. Firstly, in pricing on both the India and the US, would it be fair to say 
that the improvement that we saw in the implied pricing and margins was more due 
to the supply-driven relief that we were seeing in this quarter because you  
mentioned demand was broadly flat? That was the first question on pricing. And 
secondly, on demand, if you could just give some color on demand by geography 
from some key markets in terms of what you've been seeing after the June quarter, 
thank you. 
R. Mukundan: 
So, in terms of demand situation, you must take it with a bit of caution because while 
I said this is stable demand, Europe is an area where muted demand is being seen. 
If you leave that aside, the growth we have seen in Chinese demand, we need to be 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 
very watchful whether that continues because the general news from on all other 
front is that there could be some bit of softness and things may not go well. But I 
think the issue is that while this news has been around, the demand has been good. 
So, we are not able to sort of figure out the equation as it's playing out, so we remain 
watchful. As far as South America and North America is concerned, especially on 
the Southern American side, you would know already the lithium prices are at the 
bottom and the solar glass production also, the supply is ahead of the demand seen 
by the module manufacturers. So, what we are seeing is that the demand for soda 
ash has continued to be fine. But the market conditions hopefully for our customers 
are bottomed out and it should start improving. They've gone through a bit of a 
difficult period in the last two quarters. We are watching if there are early signs of 
that happening. At the same time, I think on the Chinese side, we need to be watchful 
of any signs of softness. So, on one side, the market could move in the positive 
direction, on the other side you would have a potential for softness. So, that's why 
we said it's balanced right up to Quarter 3. But as signals come, we will sort of 
highlight them to you maybe in the next quarter, if we pick up anything different. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
That's very helpful. And if I could just clarify on the supply side as well, do you see a 
significantly more supply to be relaxed this quarter? 
R. Mukundan: 
Correct. I think supply side, as I said, there's been an increase in freight rates, mainly 
on account of the tension that you're seeing in the Middle East and other parts of the 
world, that has led to some material not arriving at the Asian market. The second 
piece on the supply side as I mentioned within China again, especially for solar glass 
which needs low iron, what we have picked up is that Inner Mongolian plant iron 
content is slightly high, so it is unable to service the solar glass demand. So, there 
are very product specific issues on supply side. Barring these two, rest of the market 
is, we are not seeing any major changes in terms of contraction of supply. So, there's 
one quality related supply contraction, other one is a supply chain related 
contraction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
So, the India costs seem to have declined quite meaningfully on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, leading to some margin expansion. So, just wondering what the reasons for 
those might have been. And in the US as well, we have seen some improvement in 
realization this quarter along with EBITDA per ton. So, if you could please just shed 
some light on both these aspects? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, it's mainly on account of the energy and fuel costs on sequential basis and the 
cost of some of the materials that were trended down and that has driven mostly the 
reduction. So, if you see power and fuel and that's been one of the drivers. The other 
element I would say in US again, its mainly steady production has meant that they 
have been able to maintain both efficiency and the cost line within control. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. And the debt numbers seem to have increased quite meaningfully 
sequentially. Is this just a precursor to the startup of the new capacity in India? And 
therefore, they should normalize? Or how should we read the debt regulation? 
R. Mukundan: 
Working capital increase of Rs. 800 or Rs. 850 crore which has happened should 
normalize through the year. This is, we are seeing it happen every year that before 
monsoon, we tend to stock up some of the material, because we are now wanting to 
be safe than running short on these materials. The monsoon sometimes just drags 
on a bit longer. And the second piece is that about Rs. 170 odd crore is an impact of 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 
capitalization of the warehouse which we have taken on lease. So, that is what 
accounting norm is even though it goes through P&L, we also end up doing 
capitalization, that has led to about Rs.170 odd crore impact. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. That's helpful. Just one last quick thing for me. The China demand you 
mentioned in your opening remarks was strong from January through May. So, post-
May, has it softened, or do we just not have data now? 
R. Mukundan: 
We think it is holding well, but only thing we need to be watchful because if you see 
the news flow which has come both in terms of their vehicles getting stranded in 
Europe, if you look at the kind of the news flow which is coming in terms of many of 
the countries wanting a local production, we are watching all this, especially because 
China is such a big player in solar modules, also such a big player in lithium, EV, it's 
a big part of the demand growth as we have seen. So, anything happening in that 
sustainability space, it may be a temporary blip, but I think we need to, while we all 
believe that sustainability is a long-term trend, but at least from the end user, we are 
seeing some bit of softness coming through, so which is why we are watchful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
So, if you look at the current pricing and margin environment, what is the kind of 
sense you have in terms of when you can show year-on-year growth in EBITDA and 
in terms of the interest expense because of the increase in your debt, what is the 
kind of increase in debt we should expect for the year? Will it be similar to what we 
have seen in the first quarter? And will you be able to reduce that trend, say, next 
year by repaying some of the debt? 
R. Mukundan: 
See, even if the margin profile remains the same, the capacity which is getting 
commissioned as we speak through the year, next year should give us at least Rs. 
400 crore bump up in the EBITDA. So, I think if these conditions persist, that is what 
we think will happen if we look at all the salt, bicarb and soda ash and the 
pharmaceutical salt capacity getting commissioned. So, that keeping everything 
constant. But if market conditions improve, as we are saying in some places, it has 
started to improve. But if that trend continues, and again I'm saying if the trend 
continues, we need to be watchful in this bit of a difficult volatile environment. It's 
only going to be a plus point. We see that till December we are clear. We need to be 
watchful. We will update as we move along because our visibility doesn't extend 
beyond that today. 
Nandakumar T.: 
On the India working capital debt that will be unwinding by Q2 or Q3 as we start 
using all the stocks. Q1 is the aberration in terms of the higher working capital loan 
that will get unwound as we go by. So, that number will come down going forward in 
India. 
S Ramesh: 
So, just to clarify the increase in EBITDA, you mentioned Rs. 400 crore, you take the 
2,30,000 of soda ash, the increase in bicarb and the pharmaceutical salt? 
R. Mukundan: 
If we take a full year impact of that, that will be the number. 
S Ramesh: 
That including the entire 1,40,000 expansion in bicarb, right? 
R. Mukundan: 
All that put together. 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 
S Ramesh: 
How do you see the global supply getting rationalized? That's been one challenge. 
So, do you see any further reduction in the operable capacity or closures? And how 
do you see the Inner Mongolia capacity utilization ramp up? 
R. Mukundan: 
Inner Mongolia capacity is fully commissioned, fully on stream. They are having 
some quality issues with specific segments of the market. They need to address it. 
Hopefully they address it. These are technical matters which companies do take a 
bit of time, but they finally address it. So, if you ask me any guess, it's anybody's 
guess. But it's not going to last forever. Second is, as far as capacity rationalization 
is concerned, that you will see when the news happens. But we have always 
maintained that the capacity which will come under immediate pressure should be 
the European capacities pressured from Turkish natural ash. We have not seen them 
come off, but we all know where the numbers are the weakest, you know our own 
numbers. So, we will have to watch that space carefully. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question, again, is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak 
Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a quick one, on the UK expansion, could you please just help us with the 
capacity over there, the bicarb capacity and the pharma grade salt? What's the 
capacity number there? 
R. Mukundan: 
The bicarb is constant. It's the pharmaceutical salt which we are commissioned at, 
70,000. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, so the Rs. 400 crore incremental EBITDA we are talking about is basically 
70,000 tons of salt from the UK, along with the India expansion we have talked about. 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, it is all included. UK pharmaceutical salt, India soda ash, salt and bicarb, 
everything put together gives us an EBITDA bump up of about Rs. 400 crore. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes. And the 2,30,000 tons soda ash (Corrected post call) in India, is any part of that 
currently being sold or it's pretty much at zero base right now? 
R. Mukundan: 
It will start to go to the market. As a first quarter, I would say that there is a very small 
increase quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year number. As you know, during monsoon, 
people do tend to bring stocks down, especially these sort of materials. And that's 
what has happened. (Corrected post call)  
Abhijit Akella: 
And just one last thing, the pharma salt, what sort of margin differential does it enjoy 
over the normal salt that you sell? 
R. Mukundan: 
It has a higher margin, but I've given you a total picture. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, the first question is that in the previous call, we had mentioned that the market 
is oversupplied. And now we are talking about the balanced market. There have 
been some logistic challenges there have been some quality issues. But is it that, I 
think there are no capacities which have gone off stream or probably any closures 
because of maintenance. There is an inventory in the system. And because of the 
logistic or any other challenges that is not coming to the market, and once these are 
probably getting taken care of, this inventory again will come back into the system 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 
and probably will have some bit of misbalance again. So, I just wanted your thoughts 
on this? 
R. Mukundan: 
See, this current situation we are in is slightly what I would call impact of the two 
factors you highlighted. And if you look at India, inventory levels actually are lower 
today than before. And this is a combination of, some constraints which came on 
supply side and some uptick which happened on demand and that got the system 
under a bit of a stretch and there was a drawdown on inventory across. So, that's 
the situation we are in. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, this is helpful. The second question, again, slightly delving into China. So, the 
current capacity, probably from your estimates, could be about 5.5 million tons, and 
that is completely operable. And given that the pricing environment in China still 
remains denied, the current pricing, does it hold the element of, again, some bit of 
demand supply imbalance or the higher logistic cost. And once this factor 
normalizes, probably the pricing across other geographies again will start 
normalizing. And what is your sense in terms of the Chinese capacity? Will it stop 
here or is it going to increase from the 5.5 million tons to any other incremental 
number? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, if you look at short-term, it will go through all these blips we're talking about. Long 
term, as I've mentioned, a natural capacity will start to pressure closest synthetic 
capacities and that will play out even in China and China has plants which are, I 
would say, competitive scale and also plants which are subscale. So, that playout 
will happen in that local market, not in one year, two year, but I think it will play out 
over 2-3 years. So, leaving that aside, the current situation we have faced is very 
unique, whether it corrects itself in 6 months, 12 months, we don't know. And then 
there is a whole lot of geopolitics which is extremely difficult for us to sort of decipher 
and read. But we will continue to engage with customers, with market participants to 
best understand. And our understanding is it seems okay till December, but beyond 
December, we can't say. So, we will have to wait for next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
Yes, so if you look at the Indian automobile sector, there is some concern about a 
slowdown. Does that concern you in terms of the growth in soda ash demand in 
India? And secondly, if you're looking at the solar glass from India, do you see the 
incremental production in solar glass, especially after the import duty imposed in 
imports? Will it be a positive for growth in that segment, say, at least over the next 2 
years? 
R. Mukundan: 
Every 10 gigawatt needs a million tons. So, I think the demand for solar glass will 
continue to grow, especially if Government is on track in terms of ensuring solar 
power plays a key role. And solar power today is probably the one which is going to 
play an elemental role in shift to renewable in many ways. The second piece around 
the domestic availability and domestic growth, they are in a very balanced phase and 
that situation is likely to continue. If you look at imports as a share, the imports are 
down from 31% to 23% now, about 8% drop and that has been picked up by domestic 
players broadly. 
S Ramesh: 
Okay, so just one last thought on the US growth in both domestic and export market. 
So, is that trajectory likely to be sustained in the next 9 months and we will see an 
improvement in say FY26 given the underlying demand in the EU segment? 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 
R. Mukundan: 
So, let me state it differently. Except in UK, we do believe that we should either be 
better in volume terms or at least at the same level as last year in all the geographies. 
In fact, India and US will show, if we run our operations well, that is within our own 
remit and what we need to do. Market is not the constraint for us to deliver higher 
volumes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co.   
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, you alluded to the fact that the Q1 performance for UK is what things are going 
to be for the current year. So, we had PBT losses of Rs. 60 crore for the first quarter. 
So, this will be the trend for going ahead also or what factors should undermine this 
losses? 
R. Mukundan: 
See, within the number in UK, there is a one-off, which is we had a one-off payment 
of Rs. 13 odd crore, which was a fine which we had paid, and we had declared that 
to SEBI. So, if you remove that, the Rs.60 crore should read more close to Rs.45 
crore. I think that run rate will continue. It may be less. See, the issue in UK is that if, 
the renewable power generation there reduces, we would probably be closer to 30 
odd figure if the renewable power does not reduce, they have high level of wind 
energy and generation, it will be close to about Rs. 45 crore, that is the kind of range 
it will fluctuate between in negative terms. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir what steps will be taken to reduce this losses because this will be a big dent 
on the number if you take the annualized number of Rs. 200 plus Rs. 250 crore rather 
that's a big amount? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, it's not 200, so let me correct, it is as I said between Rs. 30 and Rs. 40 odd crore. 
So, if you say that for the year it is likely to be the number closer to up to Rs. 100 
odd crore if everything continues as is. The team is working on a plan and let them 
execute the plan, and it's premature for us to sort of highlight. Obviously, we want 
the losses to reduce to zero, and that's a plan they are working to. And right now, it 
is still in, finalization phase, and they will come back with specifics. It includes a bit 
of cost rationalization and portfolio readjustment, which will partly come into play in 
the second half with the pharmaceutical salt unit getting commissioned with a higher 
grade of bicarbonate getting sold. So, all these are part of that process. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so that will lower the losses to come in? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, that will lower and obviously we want to end up in a situation by the time the 
year ends, we are at least talking about a much, much leaner number than what we 
are speaking today. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And when we look at this capacity augmentation for the sodium bicarbonate, 70,000 
and then further 70,000 and now totaling to 2,90,000 for us, what are the main 
demand drivers? And as I think you mentioned that it is not domestic demand that 
will be catching to, so just correct me there. How are we going to run at high utilization 
levels? So, where are the demand drivers from sodium bicarbonate? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, on sodium bicarbonate, there's food, feed, and pharma, and the feed market is 
growing well. For example, for cattle population, the addition of sodium bicarb 
increases milk production. It also has a positive impact on the environment. So, for 
cattle, it's clearly the additive which we are promoting. In terms of food, certainly it 
has a positive impact on food, basically it softens the food in a way that other 
elements cannot do in a benign manner. And pharmaceutical again, there is an 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
application and in addition to that, there is a flue gas treatment market which all the 
coal fired plants, especially of PSUs like NTPC, they are now beginning to use, that 
is mainly for desulphurization and that again is one of the key drivers because the 
environment norms, India will continue to use coal for some bit of time and we will 
have coal plants for at least the next 15, 20 years and all these plants with tightening 
norms will need to use various processes to desulphurize. These are driving the 
demand. And clearly, we see them to continue to move up. And our business plan 
does say it will get absorbed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, and last point about the employee cost process. Now with realizations lower 
and the dynamics changing, the impact of higher or rather, employee cost is also 
significant. So, what's the cost process behind or this is the quarterly number that we 
are going to, the run rate will continue to 480 levels. 
R. Mukundan: 
In terms of employee numbers, as you would see, in some quarters it does bump up 
because that's the quarter in which we pay the variable pay and other elements. But 
if you take it normally through the year, I think it should be stable. We are extremely 
focused on employee productivity using all the tools to grow. And as I said, as new 
capacities come on stream, there is really one of the benefits is the operating 
leverage we have in all our units because these are all coming in brownfield sites. 
They are not any new sites getting open. So, that benefit will flow through. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithil Bhuva from Unlisted India.   
Mithil Bhuva: 
I had a couple of questions. The first one being we have seen sodium ion batteries 
emerging as an alternative to lithium ion. So, as sodium ion requires soda ash, so 
what does the management see the impact on the demand for soda ash because of 
this? So, the next question is on battery recycling, the waste and the e-waste 
recycling. As there is a big opportunity going ahead, so does the management sees 
that as a big opportunity in solving the issue? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, we have nothing specific to state except that our teams are looking. And if 
anything, substantial does happen, because we had done the battery recycling of 
the mobile and laptop batteries, and that was mainly dependent on the cobalt pricing. 
But there is a need for technology as far as vehicle recycling is concerned to have 
the right approach for LFP, where we have to make them into useful product. And as 
you know, cobalt is highly valued, whereas LFP ingredients are not that valued. And 
I think that work is underway and there's nothing more beyond saying that work is 
underway. Sodium ion battery, even our team is working. And for stationary 
applications, we do see that as a great alternative today. But for mobility applications 
for cars, China seems to have got a very good energy density. We are able to get 
about 120, 130. But China seems to have hit a figure of 160, 170. Obviously at that 
number it becomes a viable alternate, but we will have to see how that evolves. But 
clearly it is an opportunity for soda ash business, and we will continue to keep a close 
watch on it. And, if we can get our own solutions, we will talk about it. But as of now, 
it's all in the lab in Pune. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
On the e-waste recycling like the electronics? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, on the e-waste, as I mentioned, the large chunk of it again will come from 
mobility applications and there India is likely to remain a LFP market and because 
India is likely LFP market, we need technology slightly different, rather than which 
uses NMC. NMC profitability depends on cobalt. In LFP, it is not there. So, our teams 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 
are working on it. There's no concrete plan for me to sort of mention anything to our 
stakeholders today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thank you. As I mentioned, our visibility in terms of markets says that we are in a 
zone of narrow band of movement. Our teams are well positioned to ensure that we 
deliver on serving our customers well. We focus on competitive operations and 
delivering on CAPEX for growth of volume. At the same time, as Nandu has already 
highlighted, every surplus we have, we will deploy towards debt repayment. These 
remain our priorities and certainly, as we get greater clarity on the market going 
forward, we will highlight them to you. This visibility, as I said, is up to December and 
we remain very vigilant with the kind of market conditions we have. Thank you. 
  
