         Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
Tel: +91 22 2490 1441 
Fax: +91 22 2490 0833 
www.mahindra.com 
Regd. Office: Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India | Tel: +91 22 6897 5500 | Fax: 
+91 22 22875485 | Email: group.communications@mahindra.com | mahindra.com |
CIN No. L65990MH1945PLC004558
REF:NS:SEC: 
5th August, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited        
       BSE Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor,   
      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block     
       Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
      Mumbai 400001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
Bourse de Luxembourg  
      London Stock Exchange Plc    
Societe de la Bourse de Luxembourg   
       10 Paternoster Square 
Societe Anonyme/R.C.B. 6222,       
       London EC4M 7LS. 
B.P. 165, L-2011 Luxembourg. 
Sub:  Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting 
This is further to our letter dated 24th July, 2024, wherein we had given you an advance 
intimation of the upcoming Analyst or Institutional Investor Meeting in terms of Regulation 30 
(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The Company had conducted M&M Q1FY25 Earnings Con-Call with Several Funds / Investors/ 
Analysts on 31st July, 2024 with respect to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the First Quarter ended 30th June, 2024 in Mumbai and the 
Presentation(s) made thereat along with the weblink of the Presentation(s) and weblink of the AV 
Recording of the said Earnings Call was submitted vide our letter dated 31st July, 2024. 
The Transcript of the aforesaid M&M Q1FY25 Earnings Call with Several Funds / Investors 
/Analysts is enclosed and is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at: 
https://www.mahindra.com/sites/default/files/2024-08/Transcript%20-
%20M%26M%20Q1F25%20Analyst%20Meet%20-%2031st%20July%202024%20FINAL_0.pdf. 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the aforesaid 
Earnings Call. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
Yours faithfully, 
For MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED  
NARAYAN SHANKAR  
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: as above 
NARAYAN 
SHANKAR
Digitally signed by 
NARAYAN SHANKAR 
Date: 2024.08.05 
17:04:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Q1 FY25 Analyst 
Meet” 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANISH SHAH – GROUP CEO & MD, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH JEJURIKAR - ED AND CEO, AUTO AND 
FARM SECTORS, MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. AMARJYOTI BARUA - GROUP CFO, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Divya Gulati: 
Good day and a very warm welcome to the Quarter One Analyst Meet of Mahindra & Mahindra 
Limited. 
We have with us today our Group CEO and MD – Dr. Anish Shah; ED and CEO of our Auto 
and Farm businesses – Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar and our Group CFO – Mr. Amarjyoti Barua. 
We will be taking your questions at the end of this presentation. As a reminder, this meeting is 
being recorded. For the purpose of completeness, I want to read out this statement. Certain 
statements in this meeting with regard to our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
With that, I now invite Dr. Shah for his opening remarks. 
Anish Shah: 
Thank you, Divya. And good evening, everyone. Good afternoon as well to folks who joined 
online. And we have a quarter again with a strong operating performance, which is a common 
theme. We hope to keep it that way. So, let's start with the key messages for this quarter. 
Auto and farm continue to be on track with their operating performance. Market share gains 
being a key theme this quarter. SUV up 130 basis points, LCV up 160 basis points, tractors up 
180 basis points. Margin expansions is the second big theme for the quarter, reasonably 
substantial, resulting in auto profit after tax up 35%, farm up 4% in a tough market. 
Mahindra Finance is finally unlocking its potential. We're starting to see that in the numbers 
now. This is something we've talked about for a while. We've talked about the turnaround that 
we started probably one and a half to one year nine months ago. We talked about a three-year 
turnaround. We started to see the impact on asset quality. We were down at 3.4% at the start of 
this year, a marginal increase to 3.6 which is the first quarter increase that typically happens. 
Beyond that, assets up 23% and profit up 37% also helped by lower credit costs and this is 
something that is on the back of a good quarter last year for Mahindra Finance as well and 
therefore is putting this business very solidly on track now. TechM, the turnaround has 
commenced, Q1 is on the right track and this is one where we will look for a lot more over the 
next 3 years and be able to hopefully deliver on the TechM front as well. As a result, consolidated 
profit is up 20%. This does exclude two one-time gains that were in our numbers last year in the 
first quarter, specifically KG Mobility, which was over Rs. 400 crores, as well as the sale of 
MCIE. So, those are two that we have excluded in comparing numbers from an operating 
standpoint, and ROE is at 19.4%. So, that is the overall message as we look a little deeper into 
the numbers, revenue up 10% and profit is at Rs. 3,283 crores, up 20%, excluding the one-time 
gains that we had last year. 
The key drivers of PAT, auto and farm together, grew 18%. And beyond the market share gains 
that we spoke about, capacity is up 3x in the last 4 years. And that is enabling us to be a little 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
more aggressive in the market now. And also gain operating leverage, which is helping in terms 
of margins. And that's something that we will continuously benefit from. 
On the TechM and Mahindra Finance front, margins is a key focus for TechM. And while you 
see a 23% gain from last year first quarter, TechM last year first quarter was weaker, and 
therefore we're looking more at the longer-term gains that we need to get from TechM. Mahindra 
Finance was a solid quarter overall. Growth gems up 34% here, as I mentioned before. The profit 
number is not the primary focus for us, because it is the actions that are going in to build each 
of these businesses, up 5x. So, while we are happy with the 34% profit gain, it's easier for me to 
say this is not a big focus when this is a good number rather than when this is not a very good 
number. So, it's one that I will consistently maintain. It's more the growth that we're really 
looking for in these businesses right now. 
Focusing on auto and farm to start with, auto we continue to be the number one player in SUVs. 
Volume is up 24%, we had talked about mid to high teen growth at the start of this year as a 
commitment for F25 or as an expectation rather than for F25. We are at 24% to start the first 
quarter. Capacity we spoke about, margins are up 180 basis points, so that's been a pretty 
significant jump in auto margins. And as a result, PAT is at Rs. 1,330 crore. Ahead of tractor, 
tractor comes in fairly close at Rs. 1,238 crores, and there the domestic industry outlook is 
improving, Rajesh will talk about that. Some moderation in international markets, but strong 
execution, not just on market share, but also on margin, up 100 basis points here. And farm 
machinery revenue is up 34%. Still a little lower growth than I'd like it to be while it's a good 
number. This is one area where we still feel we can get more growth, just given the potential we 
have in this business. 
Mahindra Finance, we talked about asset quality and asset growth. Beyond that, technology is 
starting to deliver results. On a number of fronts, we've got 100% of the branches now under 
central processing, which helps tighter controls as well. Also a number of efforts on improving 
customer experience through technology. And there's again more to be done there, but good wins 
so far in terms of where we are. And therefore, profit after tax, Mahindra Finance in this quarter 
is just very slightly shy of Rs. 500 crores. It's a good market reach for us, and we close the quarter 
at 497. 
TechM, the new organization's focused on service delivery. Demand outlook is still mixed, but 
the quarter shows some recovery from last year, and we will continue on this path of recovery 
as we go forward. 
Logistics execution is better than it has been before and we feel a lot better about where we are. 
The Express business did have a loss but the management team has promised to turn around and 
a breakeven by end of the current quarter that we are in and that's something that is on track at 
this point in time and as that comes in, the growth in 3PL last mile will help and logistics will 
start getting back on track as a business overall. So, that's the weaker spot for us right now. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
Hospitality continues to be a strong spot, 90% occupancy. Membership's growing 300,000 
members now. Average unit realization is up 31%. So, good story there. Real estate continues 
to grow at a very rapid pace, aided by an aggressive approach by the team. A lot of changes 
made there in terms of how the team's approaching the marketplace as well as the overall market 
buoyancy. So, a combination of that resulting in a 3x increase in pre-sales and GDP acquired is 
68% higher than last year. So, as a result, consistent delivery on commitments is something we 
can continually talk about. We are at 19.4% and yes, the bar is still at 18, not going up to 19. 
We'll continue to sort of fluctuate around that. EPS, given the results overall, slightly lower than 
first year because the first quarter last year included the one time as I spoke about, but again, we 
feel pretty good that we will be on track to deliver 15% to 20% growth on a longer term basis 
on EPS. 
So, with that, we invite Rajesh to come up and talk about more details on the auto and farm 
business. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Thanks, Anish and good to see all of you and welcome to those who are on the virtual format as 
well. I'll start with the FES. I'll run quickly through the slides so we have enough time for Q&A. 
I guess most of you have picked up what's on the slides already. 
So, our tractor volumes were up mainly because we gained market share, the market had a slight 
degrowth but it was a good gain in market share to get to 44.7. Of course our quarter one market 
shares are always higher than the rest of the year. So, on that base we've had a good growth. This 
kind of reflects the fact that our quarter one market shares are usually higher as well. The 
question on what's the future, we clearly see some green shoots. One is improving terms of trade 
for farmers. We've been seeing that, but in quarter one seen a more dramatic improvement with 
output prices going up, MSPs improving, input inflation not being so high. So, that's a favorable 
factor. Monsoons have been good in July in most parts of the country, especially West and South 
which was really bad last year. So, we would see a good effect of that in the second half. Much 
higher spending by the government in the rural area, and that's known to be a good driver of 
growth for tractors. And of course, some part of Navratra will come in the second half of this 
year compared to last year. 
The farm machinery business has had a good growth as well in the quarter, and we did about Rs. 
265 crores. Anish covered this, so 5% growth in PBIT on the consolidated, flattish revenue. The 
margins if you can see, we got to 19.7% as the core tractor margin something we have been 
wanting to get to over the last few quarters. So, we can talk a little bit more if you like in the 
Q&A on what enabled this but this was something that we were very focused on wanting to get 
to this here at close to the 19%-20% core tractor margin. And you can see that we've managed 
this curve of being able to deliver margins in a pretty kind of narrow band over long periods of 
time, irrespective of what's happening to industry. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
On the automotive business, we grew SUVs 24%. Pickups, the industry was flat again and we 
gained shares. So, we gained some volume there, but the industry was flat. And you can see we 
gained 1.6 share points on LCVs. 
There is a second, we were number two for eight quarters on volume. Given our average price 
point, we think that's a very good performance and a continued strong performance by way of 
revenue market share. This is a recap slide which we've used in the previous meetings. The 
reason we're putting it up here is we've now taken our capacity up several times from where we 
were 2.5-3 years back. The reason we've been doing that is, of course, that we fully leverage the 
opportunity in front. But also more importantly, we bring down the waiting period for customers. 
And when we aspire to bring down waiting period to customers, clearly the concept of booking 
is an antithesis to that. So, in a way, we're going to retire this slide after today. And hopefully, 
we continue to grow without having to show what are our booking numbers because bookings 
of this kind really mean that we are not able to give customers enough vehicles at a reasonable 
delivery time. But this is what 1st July was and since the month is not over, we don't have a 1st 
August to share. But we did have a very healthy increase in bookings in XUV700 during the 
month, up from the previous month by more than 40%-45%. So, that is till yesterday. 
Question many of you want answers, we'll try and answer that here and it may be more in the 
Q&A because I think you probably want a little bit more. So, we took the XUV700 price, up 
from launched which is over 3 years by 3.8 lakhs to 4 lakhs. This was a function of commodity 
prices, premiums that we were paying for importing chips which we had to. We have a large 
number of chips, we are paying premiums, so that was all getting built into the cost. So, we have 
taken very aggressive price increases. Capacity has gone up in the meanwhile. We started at 
3,500, we went to 6,000. Now we are at 10,000. As we shared in the February meeting, one of 
the key challenges that we had on XUV700 as we were thinking about growth is to create 
accessible price point. And in February, we had kind of called out that we will take a series of 
actions to make the brand more accessible so that we can grow. A very large percentage of the 
brand volume was coming at the high end which was good till we were at a certain volume. Once 
you want to go beyond that volume and you want to grow into being a larger brand than 6,000 a 
month, then average price point of 25 lakhs ex-showroom or 23 lakhs ex-showroom with on-
road crossing 30 starts becoming a barrier for segments. So, the first initiative we took was to 
introduce a new version called AX5 Select which came with Panoramic Sunroof and so on at a 
more reasonable price point way below 20 and we did feel that we at least in the short run need 
to run a promotion which we branded as a third anniversary offer to kind of make the two higher 
versions as more accessible as well. We think this is not going to have a financial impact or 
significant financial impact because we will get operating leverage through higher volumes and 
many of our costs have come down including chips but also work that we have done on value 
engineering. So, that's where we are on why we did this. I spoke about the LCVs, the LCV 
market share we gained again in quarter one. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
Last mile mobility, the penetration of electric three wheelers continues to grow, it was close to 
20% in quarter one, which is a very good sign and we have been saying that we believe that this 
category will probably be the fastest to penetrate because it gives clearly visible benefits to the 
customer. We had a PBIT growth of 45% on auto and revenue growth of 16%. The standalone 
margin came at 9.5%. 
With that, I will hand over to Amar. Thanks. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Thank you, Rajesh. So, just to sum up everything that you heard today, I'll start off with this 
page that you have seen before, but just again, highlight the key points. 
We tend to focus a lot on the pattern, that's great, but I do want to call out the very strong revenue 
performance as well. Auto was up 16%, within this 10% growth. Farm was flat in an 
environment where the domestic market is kind of flattish as well, so they've grown 
domestically, gained share, internationally is where there's some pressure and that's something 
that is mostly coming from the US and some of Europe. And then within this, you continue to 
see the growth that is coming in through the asset growth in Mahindra Finance. And also very 
important to highlight that 8 out of 10 growth gems had very strong growth in line with our 
expectations. And the two that didn't were also as part of our plan. Like for example, Susten 
which has sold off its assets to InvIT, so doesn't see much revenue growth year-over-year. 
I'll spend a little bit of time on the PAT, because I think it's very important that we address some 
of the other income conversations that happen all the time. And we don't provide guidance, so 
this is not a guidance on the number, this is a way for you to think about other income. For us, 
other income is basically the income we earn on the surplus funds that we have and mark to 
market on any investments that we have. That's primarily what goes into other income. There's 
very little that happens outside of that. Last year, we had Rs. 405 crores of KG mobility, mark 
to market gain as the stock got listed. This year that number actually turned to a negative, so 
that's a significant swing. But you'll see we don't call up the negative because it's not material in 
the M&M scheme of things, but the gain last year was significant, 405 is way above our 
materiality threshold. So, that's how we always look at this. And when you think about how to 
think about other income, unless you hear of something that we are doing either in terms of 
stocks, share sale, which is also intimated to the SE, or significant variation in some holding, 
you should not typically have a lot of movement in this account outside of mark-to-market, 
which frankly, even we can't estimate. That really depends on share price or valuation on a day. 
The other thing that we are calling out here is the stake sale that we had in MCIE. That actually 
comes through the investment in associates and JVs and was part of that number. That was 
around Rs. 358 crores. So, that's what makes up the 763 crores. That again is not something that 
you'll see every year or every quarter. It is a one-off and that's how you should think about it. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Dividend income is something that will come in periodically and you know the cycle that we 
follow for dividend income, that's something that will come in through the investment line item. 
So, excluding that up 20%, again, tremendous performance, you heard from Rajesh on auto 
margins, on farm margins, and then I should also call out very strong performance from 
Mahindra Finance, up 37% in income. And TechM, while very, very early, is showing some 
signs of recovery. So, 23% up, we'll have to see how that goes. Growth gems were up 34% 
within this number as well. 
This plays out what I just talked about. And I call this page our strategy in action, because you'll 
recall Anish keeps talking about capitalizing on market leadership, so you still see auto and farm 
delivering a lot of margin improvement year-over-year. And then this unlocking the full potential 
is where you are starting to see some of the strength of the strategy. So, hopefully with time we 
can see that number, at least the services number growing even faster. Finally, need to call out 
the very strong performance on the standalone side, both in auto and farm. You saw the margin 
performance. Volume was up 11%, margins up 23%, and that's primarily coming on the back of 
the significant improvement in PBIT. 9.5% in the case of auto and 18.5% in the case of farm. 
So, I'll wrap up here and we'll take some questions. 
Divya Gulati: 
So, we will begin with the Q&A round now. Binay, go ahead. 
Binay Singh: 
Congratulations for a very strong quarter one. I just have two questions both on the auto side. 
First is billings versus bookings. Our booking number remains quite healthy at around 50,000 
but the billing number has not moved up. Any sort of guidance that you would see? When do 
we see that moving up? Secondly, we called out in February about XUV700 price action and 
then we finally saw that. Any other part of the portfolio where you feel there is opportunity or 
need to do something similar at some stage? So, these two. Thanks. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
The first question is around billing versus booking. When we look at booking, there is a cycle 
of conversion. And that does take time based on the season. So, June, I think, was a time which 
was slow for a lot of people on converting for multiple reasons, heat waves, so on and so forth. 
So, you had bookings, but customers were not actually coming in to showrooms even though 
they were on a booking list to get into conversion and hence retail and then you don't want to 
end up billing beyond the point. Also when you are doing a variant transition like we were in 
XUV700 introducing AX5 Select, then you go to down stock some other ones which is likely to 
cannibalize so you kind of also look at making sure that you are not holding stocks of wrong 
variants when you are trying to introduce a variant with a different price point. The third factor 
that we have been working on carefully is what we do with the Thar 3-door because needless to 
say there will be some cannibalization and we have to be very calibrated in the way we build 
that in because it won't stay at the same level as it was and we expect the total volume to go up, 
but it's very unlikely we will be doing 6000 of 3-door a month that it will stay at that level and 
then we will add 5-door as well. So, again moderating what we are going to do with 3-door we 
don't fully know what is the level of cannibalization that may happen. So, we have been careful 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
a little bit on how to think about Thar-3 door. So, there are multiple such factors but I think one 
of the reasons was overall June convergence were low even on existing bookings. So, if that 
happens, then your dealer stock has gone up a few days, so you want to correct that and try and 
stabilize that so you can start moderating billing. So, it's a combination of multiple things. Does 
that answer the question or? 
Binay Singh: 
Do you see that essentially trending up?. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yes, I think the honest answer to that is after Thar 5-door, we start billing because till then we 
are going to see a little bit of pressure on Thar 3-door because existing prospects are in pro wait 
and watch as well. So, everyone wants to see what this is before deciding which of the two. So, 
there is a little bit of wait and watch. So, it's going to take a month or two for that to stabilize. 
The second question was around will we do more such pricing, we would do it only where we 
really feel it and needed from a right long-term strategy. So, what we have done in the case of 
XUV700 is not a knee jerk reaction, it's been thought through, planned over months, financial 
impacts studied. And on balance, we believe that it is the right thing to do to drive growth, make 
the brand more accessible. Like I said in the presentation it was becoming expensive for getting 
volume, because there is too much perception of the average price of the product being more 
than 30 lakhs on roads, that's not a place we wanted to be. So, there was a strategic reason to 
change the price perception around the brand. So, wherever if there is a need for, taking a 
strategic call on a portfolio in a way that we are able to look at the need around price perception, 
growth, margins, then we would kind of do that trade off. But we were not really believers in 
kind of, okay, let's learn lots of discounts to get a current one billing going. This is not what this 
is about. It was a thought-through planned intervention, which we feel was needed for long term 
growth of the brand and business. 
Anish Shah: 
Just to add to that, this was in a sense, signaled in February saying we are going to start thinking 
of this, consistent with our approach to it, because as the cost comes down, the operating leverage 
goes up. It was the right action to take as well, even as the margins are going up. So, on balance, 
we really don't expect much of a financial impact as a result of this, because of the other 
balancing factors. Yes, Kapil. 
Kapil Singh: 
So, my first question is on demand environment itself, we had set a target of mid to high teens 
growth. How do you feel about demand right now? Do you see that things are slower and you 
need to take effort to drive growth faster, because these things some price reductions by you and 
the competition, and industry is seeing very tepid growth now. So, you might need to drive too 
hard to drive growth so just your thoughts on that first? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
You have been around a couple for a long time tracking the auto industry and Anish was asking 
me this also in a different context earlier now. Of course, the demand and the environment has 
been tepid, but why is that not affecting 3XO? Why is there it's in the heart of the most 
competitive segment. But we are seeing huge momentum there. So, it's also freshness, what we 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
are doing new, how strong is the value proposition. So, and so, it's a function of many things. 
So, right now we have that advantage with 3XO so we will have that advantage with Thar five 
door. But when a product is three years, four years old, there is going to be a little bit of fatigue 
and then you got to make the right interventions. But overall, let's say the buoyancy as an 
industry clearly, that's not there. We got to be honest about that, then it’s a question of what each 
individual brand and players approach to is thinking about growth versus profit and so on and 
so forth. So, we would be inclined to drive growth and which is why we stay with the mid to 
high teens as the objective for the year because with 3XO still ramping up with five door Thar 
coming in and with what we are doing on other brands we think we will easily get to mid to high 
teens. We see and anyway we have started the quarter one with 24% growth. So, we are going 
to end the year with mid to high teens then, we already have the right first three months to work 
out from. 
Kapil Singh: 
And second question is on ASPs and margins, this quarter will be compared to Q4 the auto ASP 
has come down, there will be a mixed impact but is there, how should we think about it when 
we are building this forward do you see further drop in average selling prices looking at on 
positive side you will have the five door Thar coming in, on negative side you will have a price 
cut and maybe higher volumes of 3XO. And similarly, margins we have seen a good 
improvement in both the segments. So, what is the outlook there, what were the factors that 
supported margin expansion this time? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, the quarter-on-quarter average selling price, fundamentally two, three things. One is that we 
had a very slow share of XUV300 on Q4, because we were phasing it out. And then we have a, 
just as a comparison to XUV300 which was ramped down share in our mix two and significantly 
enhanced share in quarter one. Obviously, there's some effects of that when you are comparing 
Q4 to Q1, so it's not a like-to-like comparison, because XUV300 itself was significantly ramped 
down in the overall so that raise the average selling price. There is some minor effect of XUV400 
where the Quarter 4 number was higher, and that set a much higher average selling price. So, 
that's a second factor. I don't think, it's too early to count the effect of, either the  AX5 Select on 
the mix or whatever, because that was coming in towards the later part of the quarter, so I don't 
think that's really significantly baked in. But we have been seeing, over quarter one, the overall 
ratio of AX7, AX7 L was 70%, 75% in quarter one that was by June, we had come to 50%, 55%. 
So, we have already started seeing some of that in June and we will see some of that in the 
quarter-on-quarter margin. So, what the large corrections you have actually taken are in AX7, 
AX7 L which is now clearly, as you would interact and find out in the market, what this is doing 
is enabling people to come back to AX7, AX7 L because, you creating accessibility perception 
with AX5 but when they come into the showroom AX7 is a wow proposition. So, we are already 
seeing a huge move to AX7 and hopefully with time to AX7 L. So, we will come back to an 
better AX7, AX7 L mix which will actually elevate margin and average selling price both. That 
is the first part of your question. The second part was, what did we do to get the margins on the 
track? 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Kapil Singh: 
The margins and also the outlook if you can talk about the various factors which you are seeing 
from your advantage point right now? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Is the question couple both for tractors and auto? 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes, please. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Okay. So, on the tractor side, we have been, when you come out of a downturn, so to say that is 
the period in which you are bringing every cost completely down, you cut all the extra expenses, 
because, none of us like the margins that we were doing over the last few quarters, of course we 
understand it was because of commodity inflation, the fact that the industry was not going but 
not a level of margin let's honestly say Hemant was feeling good about and like I said in the 
presentation, we did want to come to get our core tractor margin to reasonably to where we were 
which was around 19.5%, 20%. So, we did get into trying to do a lot around cost and then 
because we gained market share we got 5% volume increase, you straightaway saw the benefit 
of managing cost well with a 5% volume increase and commodity was reasonably benign, which 
was helpful. I won't say it had gone down but, it was reasonably benign which helped. So, that 
was on the tractor side. On the auto side, it was a little bit of commodity benefits. So, we did get 
some of that. The benefit if I may use that word or some of the price increases were taken got 
fully baked into the full quarter numbers. So, you got to see a full quarter of that. So, I would 
broadly describe it as these two things which affected the auto margins.  
Kapil Singh: 
And outlook? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
You know we don't share outlook Kapil but, I thought your question have finally got filtered to 
tell us the lever which got you there. So, these were the levers. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. No, we have had a price cut as well so in light of that do you see that you need, you are 
passing on some of this margin or should we expect that putting everything together margin 
should go down? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
You know, we have answered, and Anish reinforced that the decision that we have taken on 
XUV700 pricing, we believe will have a negligible effect on the financials over this quarter or 
the next. So, we are not really factoring in that as a major driver, what will affect our margins, 
we have a certain assumption of what kind of volume growth we should be able to get with this 
kind of pricing. Hopefully, that will play out, if that plays out we are good or anywhere in that 
range. So, overall, we are comfortable, and we have also got flexibility, if it doesn't work out the 
way we want, we can always go back to pricing because it's announced as an anniversary 
promotion. So, it's not a price drop, so we always have the option of going back to any price that 
we feel is the right price for November. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Divya Gulati: 
Raghu, I will just come to you, we will take a couple of questions online as well. Anish, this one 
is for you, does Mahindra plan on venturing into any new segments in the PV business? 
Anish Shah: 
In the passenger vehicle business? 
Divya Gulati: 
New Segment? 
Anish Shah: 
Any new segment, I would actually hear Rajesh answer that question, so back to you Rajesh. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I am just wondering how to think about that question, because passenger vehicle itself is a 
segment. So, at this point of time we have been very focused that brand Mahindra will state as a 
pure SUV authentic SUVs player. So, it is with brand Mahindra, we will not get into any other 
segment. 
Divya Gulati: 
Raghu, please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Sir, first question was on the tractor demand side, so Q1 we have started on with East, West and 
North regions doing well, even Central has done well. The South part which is declining but the 
monsoon progress in South region has been very good. So, assuming things improve in the South 
region and you also have that Navratra effect in the second half. Would you say that full year 
8% to 10% growth is possible in tractors, that is on domestic. Second, on the export side, we 
have done almost 50% growth in Q1 and OJA launch has helped. So, how do you see that 
sustenance of export, maybe this 1500 to 1800 per month kind of a level. So, whatever we have 
done last three months is it sustainable? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I wish I could give you a very numeric answer to question one. But we will wait two, three 
months to give you a more numeric answer, right now we will stay with the 5% odd growth rate. 
But, based on the slide that I put out, there are several indications that things could be better than 
what we thought a month back. But it's so early in the monsoons to kind of give a new outlook 
that we would just rather wait a couple of months before we change a formal outlook. But all 
the factors that you said especially the rains in South auger very well for a good second. So, it's 
a little premature to say whether that maybe 8%, 9% for the year. But it does look like the second 
half will be good. 
Anish Shah: 
Just on that if I follow the strong what the Fed governor or the RBI governor, we say that we are 
still at 5% but the arrow looks upwards. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yes, and that is absolutely true. The point on expert I just maybe add a nuance perspective which 
may not be so apparent or obvious. So, in the US, we have three sources from which we get 
product supply, all under brand Mahindra and tractors. So, it used to be from Mahindra India, it 
was from our joint venture partner company, Mitsubishi, Mahindra Agri from Japan, and from 
a company in Korea as well. So, through OJA, what we have done actually is, we re-moved 
some of these other sources back into Mahindra sale made in India format, so all the growth that 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
is coming from OJA is not necessarily extra growth in US. It's also a reallocation if I may use 
that word of supply chains from other partners, to Mahindra India, so as part of OJA, that's one 
of the things that we have done. So, in a way, what I am trying to kind of say is, there's a 
reasonable amount of sustainability because it is not just, all of this is not leading into market 
share growth in North America, some of it is substituting what we were buying from somewhere 
else, and that's getting routed through Mahindra India, does that help you think about it. The US 
tractor market right now is actually had eight months, 10 straight quarters of de-growth, the 
segment in which we play. So, the market itself is a little strange at the moment in the less than 
100 horsepower in North America, part of that is the interest rates going up and maybe that's 
why Fed is on top of Anish’s mind. So, hopefully, they will correct their interest rates and that 
will bring back some of the buying there in this segment. 
Anish Shah: 
Yes, three green for us is the up arrow and the green for them is down arrow. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thanks for that. And over a period of time the share of Swaraj has been growing up in the tractor 
pie and with all the product actions we have done, how do you see Swaraj and Mahindra 
portfolios playing out in future? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
You mean the mix between the two? 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Mix between the two? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, we wear two hats when we talk to each team and each team aspires to be number one. So, 
we let them play the game they want to and we were very happy if one of the brand goes ahead 
of the other. And that way, at least number one and number two are fighting really hard. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Either way, you win. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Either way we win as a total, as long as we ensure that which is what we try to do. These are 
only guardrails otherwise, we do want them to fight and when Hemant talks to the Swaraj team 
or I talk to the Swaraj team we will energize them to want to be number one, we never tell them 
that you have to stay number two, because there's another brand in our portfolio, which is number 
one. So, as far as we are concerned both should fight to grow. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
On the last mile mobility, as per the FY24 annual report, the margin is about mid-single digit 
4%, 5% EBITDA margin. Now that we have PLI certification for the products, how do you look 
at the profitability going forward and also the volumes have been increasing? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
It's a difficult question to answer because of so much uncertainty in the regulatory environment 
with FAME 2 going away, EMPS coming in, FAME 3 coming back, in the process of that the 
quantum of FAME 2 came down, first came down because the methodology and then came 
down through EMPS. Part of that gets offset by PLI. Every time the scheme changes you have 
to do a re-certification, and then we lose some money in the transition time because the dealer 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
stocks or the pipeline stocks are not covered. So, that's the cost we need to incur. So, it's a little 
dynamic right now so, at least our focus at this point of time is, as long as we are making a 
reasonable amount of money, but driving growth in EV penetration, that's the objective right 
now because it's with the current dynamism if I may use the word on policy changes, it's very 
hard to kind of pin and say okay, this will be the margin at this point of time so I am honest, but 
the business has a good cost structure, cell costs are coming down. So, hopefully our brief to the 
business will be to try to grow EV penetration as quickly as possible and there is still large pocket 
and many, many districts with EV penetration is close to nothing, this is a huge queue district 
wise and the way penetration is happening. 
Anish Shah: 
That's a very good story overall because industry penetration has gone from 0 to 20% in a very 
short time. And we feel that by 2030 will be 100% and by 2030, the industry will not need 
incentives. So, PLI will end by then and at that point in time with battery cost coming down, 
with scale coming in. So, overall came FAME 2 has helped a lot and a lot of credit to the 
government for that EMPS has helped FAME 3 will be essential to continue that momentum 
because the price gap is fairly high and consumer is not going to be able to take the impact 
without FAME 3  nor will the business be able to take the impact and therefore that's an important 
bridge that's required, but once we get to 2030 we are not going to need incentives beyond that.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Absolutely sir, given that the penetration is increasing so fast. And sooner or later the ICE and 
EV margin gap should narrow and one of your competitors indicated that they look forward to 
making same margins as ICE and EV for three wheelers so that where I was coming that by 
when maybe in the next two, three years, do you think it would be possible that the gap will be 
significantly narrowed and EV last mile mobility will be making double digit margins? 
Anish Shah: 
As Rajesh has just given the flux in policy we are not completely sure of that. But it's fair to say 
that by 2030, at least we will have got back to normal. What happens two or three years before 
that will depend on some of the policy and on the pace of change as well. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Hi, Rajesh first question on Thar. You guys have had a hot hand on launches but how do you 
think about Thar because something which is very unique Thar three doors has already done 
what it has done, incrementally do you see the Thar four as something with extension of Thar 
three or it can something which can open up a wider segment for you because we don't have a 
product like that which can work for a family, because Thar three door had limitations in terms 
of it can’t carry four or five them in comfort for long drives, for example accessibility as we 
know the back seat is a bit of a workout. So, should one see Thar five door? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Wider segment. 
Pramod Kumar: 
How wide? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
You may want to wait for 15th August to hear how wide, but it will be pretty wide.  

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Pramod Kumar: 
Pretty wide, so in that sense, we can expect a pretty tall price ladder so that  
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I am not even going there. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Can’t wait for that. And second question on the pricing bit what you alluded to that, once you 
hit the 30-lakh price mark, it kind of becomes a bit for a family or anyone. So, how should one 
think about EVs in that context, will we have the same hurdle for you in EV, which you will not, 
because end of the day the customer will look at the EV as a substitute to its existing ICE or 
XUV, Scorpio or anything right, so how should one look at EV pricing in the context of the point 
what you made?  
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I am glad you think that our EVs will sell at more than 30 lakh but we have not given any such 
indication. 
Pramod Kumar: 
With that kind of spec and 60 and 80 kilo watt hour battery, and our intention to make margins, 
if I look at that. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I think Pramod that's the conversation for 2025. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Fair enough. And on the export side, because given the kind of the success we have had in the 
market against pretty well engine global competitors, why can't we think differently on the 
exports, probably partner with some of our existing alliance partners, is there anything which we 
can do, because our products are quite complementary to some of the other global players, like 
if you pick Volkswagen some of the products can be very complementary to their portfolio in 
many emerging markets, for example. So, is it something which you can think, which can widen 
our product reach on the export side? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, let's first just talk about a little organically and then of course, in today's world we have to 
explore every other alliances opportunity to get a win-win, but organically we already seen very 
good traction in markets where we have a presence with our new products. So, example the 
response to XUV700, Scorpio N in South Africa or even now the 3XO it is just getting to go to 
South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, so see the some of the new markets we have gone to. We 
think the big disrupter will be when we do the global lifestyle pick up because there are not many 
people playing there and we have been strong in pickups in many markets around the world, but 
it is aging product the Scorpio pick up, the global pick up is going to take it to a totally different 
scale. So, we do think that international will be a very big opportunity for us. But we will do it 
in a very calibrated way and choose markets that really have a presence and then add slowly. I 
don’t think we are planning to do one fine day now let's go global kind of thing. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Inorganic alliances or? 
Anish Shah: 
If you have any ideas do share with us. We will keep that in mind. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Pramod Kumar: 
And this is to Anish. Anish there have been media articles talking about some of the global 
players looking for Indian alliance partners and also uploading equity. So, how should one think 
about your approach to such moves or offers, because the problem we will have our analyst press 
that if you take a equity exposure to existing business which is loaded with legacy costs and 
sustain business so, if you can just help us understand from your capital allocation prism and the 
return focus how should we think about it, if it were to, something were to fructify. 
Anish Shah: 
So, I will look at it the same way, as we talked about one new area, which is the bar is very high. 
It has to make sense for us more financial standpoint, it has to be able to generate returns that 
will be outsize. And we can define what outsize is relative to the industry. If all of that happens, 
then that is something we will look at. So, that bar continues to be maintained in everything we 
do. Amar, anything you want to add to that. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
I would just say that bear in mind that you are not going to get into an alliance bringing no 
strength, if there is ever a proposal and our strength is the margins you saw, the cost point, the 
ability to get. So, nobody is going to get into a business which is going to be dilutive, that's the 
point Anish is making it's got to make sense for us. 
Divya Gulati: 
Just take a couple of questions online. So, this is from Gunjan at Bank of America. Can you talk 
about the moderation in the booking run rate across the UV model, she is particularly speaking 
about the Scorpio order book decline. And the second question is understanding the 
sustainability of the auto margin, particularly given that we are going ahead with BEV launches? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Particularly, the last? 
Divya Gulati: 
Going ahead with the BEV launches, the sustainability of the margin? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Okay. so, let me just take the second one very quickly Gunjan. So, we have said in the past that 
the percentage margin on BEVs will be lower, because the denominator effect and we will call 
that out separately, so you will be able to see the BEV margin separately from ICE. Of course, 
we do keep margins low when we launch new products. But once we get to a steady state, we 
would expect the per unit margin for BEV to be by and large the same as the equivalent ICE, 
but percentage cannot be maintained, the denominators are totally different. And we will hence 
call that out separately for you. So, you are able to see the effect of that and it's not lost in the 
mix, so this is something we are very conscious of and will allow you to look at both separately 
in a way that you can form your own judgment on how each line is doing. But the percentages 
can’t be compared because the denominator effect. On the booking question I did cover that in 
some amount of detail, specifically around Scorpio, there was a time a few quarters back when 
customers were comfortable with putting in money waiting, and so on and so that, in an open 
market of the kind that is now I don't think customers are in the mindset of saying okay I am 
going to book something which is going to come to me after two months, or three months, or 
five months or six months, we have to get out of this booking mindset and try and get into being 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
able to sell what we are able to because that's what customers expecting today. Two years back, 
there was a different mindset, many brands were in shortage, there was, hence they desire to 
kind of say okay let me book and wait, I don't think that is going to happen now on products 
which are two years, three years old, customers will want pretty soon like if you walk in we need 
it or then we don't want to book whenever it's available we will come back in. So, we will see 
some of that happening. But the rate of bookings by itself is good enough for the fresh booking 
for us to maintain the retail and billing momentum that we are talking about to get to the mid to 
high teens. So, we have got to calibrate what is happening with the ambition that we have set 
out for this year, which is mid to high teens. 
Anish Shah: 
Just to add to that capacity is a key factor there as well, because we have gone from 18 to 29 to 
39 to 49,000 now, so as you have taken capacity of that also has increased the ability to be able 
to clear that out and therefore, we started to look at scenarios where we hopefully don't have too 
much of a booking pipeline and can increase capacity faster whenever that's required. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yes, and as I have said in the past Gunjan, when this change is happening, we do have to get 
back into marketing. And we do see for example Scorpio Classic we never thought would do the 
level that it was doing after we launched the Scorpio N but today Scorpio plus Scorpio Classic 
is amongst the as a portfolio amongst top 10 brands across any price point. And the franchise 
volume is more than 12- 13,000. So, it is a very large franchise, it is doing very well. But it's not 
now, I don't think right now we are expecting customers to come in and say we want to book a 
Scorpio Classic, let’s not forget it's a 22-year-old product. 
Vikram Ramalingam: 
Hi, Vikram from Quantum Advisors. My question is, whenever you see any kind of downturn 
or lack of buoyancy in the auto sector, the buyers tend to down trade. So, are we seeing such a 
trend that, although your numbers or volumes are still going pretty strong, are people still going 
for the top variant or are we seeing a trend where they are slowly going down for slightly lower 
variant? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
It's a good question, XUV700 case is actually the best way to explain this, because at a certain 
stage in the environment, customers will start feeling uncomfortable about certain price points, 
and then will start trading down. And sometimes the right action is to still keep them at the top 
at a reasonable price rather than let them trade down and reduce the overall weighted margin on 
the portfolio. So, these are calls that we would have to take, but as a direction and an approach, 
what you are seeing is what one, we do tend to see that. 
Vikram Ramalingam: 
My second and last question is, on this cost reduction measures which have ensured you are able 
to take some sort of a cut in XUV700 and still maintain the margins. But those measures should 
be applicable for all the models, it can't be model specific. So, any reading that we can have that 
such an action will continue or anything that you want to explain on that front? 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, just taking one very specific example to explain why it is not applicable to all models, the 
number of chips that we have on XUV700 is 230 or 250, on a Bolero that may be like 20. So, 
the same benefit is not available on all the products. Different products have totally different 
levels of technology. And not all costs have come down, steel cost are benign but do not come 
down. So, the benefit that we got XUV700 is because we were paying a huge premium to get 
chips to be able to produce XUV700 has a very large number of chips so it got a disproportionate 
share of the benefit of that, that doesn't go through to all the products. So, I am just taking this 
as one example that not everything, cost reduction doesn't equally apply everywhere. The second 
thing is, of course, we run our business as a portfolio. So, there are areas where we will say that, 
we don't mind trading off a little bit of margin for growth and areas where we will say no, we 
don't want to do that and we want to keep the margin and be moderate about the growth, the 
decision is based on our understanding of what is the price, the sense of volume sensitivity to 
any price action. So, in some products that may be high and some products that may not be so 
high, so you may not do anything, the same thing across all parts of your portfolio. Does that 
kind of answer your question? 
Divya Gulati: 
I will just come back to you with a couple of questions more. On the Farm segment, this question 
is from Ambit. Why did FES realization declined 8% quarter-on-quarter, is it that we had any 
one-off item in Quarter 4. And the second question is, that do we see any upside to the 5% 
growth for FY25 considering the favorable factors? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
The second one we have discussed, so I am not responding to that. On the quarter-on-quarter it 
is a function of state and model mix. So, when state and model mix changes, quarter one is very 
different from Quarter 4. And the horsepower category as those of you track the business is very 
different in different parts of the country. So, the model mix and the geography mix both together 
have contributed to that it's not due to pricing. 
Ankur Poddar: 
My question is regarding your MHCV business, so in the current quarter we had a market share 
of approximately 2%. Where do we see this business five years from now, what market share 
are we targeting and what's the plan to grow this business, if you would share if there are any 
product launches in this space? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, we measure our market share on the segments in which we play which is roughly 80% of 
the total. So, in that 80% of the total, just going back to three years back we were at about 2.5% 
market share which actually has gone up to 3.9 in that 80% of the segment, in this particular 
quarter the balance 20% had a disproportionately high growth. The segment in which we don't 
play, segment in which we play has been actually minus one, which is 80% of the industry and 
the other 20% has had like some 50%, 60% growth, which is what has taken the average Industry 
growth up. But, in the 80% of the industry we have seen our market share move up from 2.5 to 
3.9, which used to be 5 in 2019. So, really the direction and we have a good portfolio, we now 
have ICV portfolio, and our products are well established, and regarded. So, we would like to 
see 3.9, get back to 5, and then the 5 to 7, over a three-to-four-year period. So, if you kind of 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
think about 3% odd being 3500 crore revenue is roughly what we are doing in the trucks 
business. As we get to 7%, 8% market share, it can actually be a 10,000-crore portfolio. At our 
current level of business we do, we have now reached cash breakeven, the profit pool in the 
industry is really strong. So, once we get to a scale volume beyond where we are, we think this 
will be a very profitable business. So, we are now invested in it and we would like to see it as a 
key lever to growth. 
Divya Gulati: 
Some few questions online, Anish and Rajesh, the first one is investment in the EV subsidiary 
of M&M. So, what is the valuation that we are seeing for our EV subsidiary, that's the first 
question. Second, we also mentioned we are open to acquisitions in the farm machinery segment. 
So, is the 5000-crore budget that have allocated for farm includes this acquisition and the third, 
one to two years back we have increased such stake in Swaraj Engine, what is the plan there for 
the company? 
Anish Shah: 
So, I saw the third part first, which is Swaraj Engine, we increase share because our partner that 
time Kirloskar wanted to exit and it was a business we in fact, I would say we had a lot of faith 
and therefore we bought the stake. There's no further plan on that, it was more for the exit that 
gave us a controlling stake of 51% in the business. As it turns out, it was a wise investment. On 
the first question, you can just repeat. 
Divya Gulati: 
The EV subsidiary valuation. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Was it for LMM, you said EV subsidiary. 
Divya Gulati: 
EV subsidiary of M&M? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Okay. So, we have two subsidiaries on the EV side, one is the last mile mobility, and the other 
is one for electric SUVs, the electric SUV is called acronymed MEAL, which is Mahindra 
Electric Automotive Limited, we have two investors there BII and then Temasek. We had a 
valuation of the upper end of $9 billion when the investment has come in, that conversion will 
happen post launching products in 2027 so that basically valuation conversion is pre-determined 
based on how the year 2027 goes based on certain milestones. On the last mile mobility it’s 
6,000 Crs  plus and we have two investors there IFC and NIF Japan fund and together they have 
brought in about a 1000 crore. I don’t know if that answers the question. 
Divya Gulati: 
Another question on acquisition in farm machinery is it a part of the 5000 crore margin? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
No. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
The 5000 is primary CAPEX for the farm business, which is regular CAPEX, remember this is 
a three-year cycle and the business does generate as we mentioned during the CAPEX plan, we 
don't specifically call out any inorganic in our investment profile that's always over and above.  

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Kumar Rakesh: 
My first question was, Rajesh you talked about that the buoyancy in the market has been really 
that great now but last three, four years have been perfect for the demand environment and in 
fact we have done very well from the product launches as well, so you had both the benefit of 
the 1Q of the market as well as product launches and the products also done fantastically. But 
how do you move from here on the next level of your growth when the buoyancy is going to be 
relatively lower , bulk of your product launches, especially in the price points where the demand 
is going to be higher it is not going to be there from your side. Possibly if most of the launches 
will be happening at a price point above 20 lakh. So, beyond FY25, how do we see this growth 
momentum sustaining, what drives that? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, actually when we launched a lot of the new products, there wasn't that much buoyancy in 
the market, buoyancy was low, supply chain was bad, but it wasn't that buoyancy was high, 
buoyancy actually came in much, much later, not in the time when we were launching these. At 
least the first two of them, when we launched Thar it was possibly the worst time in the world 
to launch, anything new, everything was shut down, we were making nothing. We were literally 
selling nothing. So, we launched Thar in a very difficult environment. When we launched 
XUV700 we couldn't even take all the media for the launch, it was still in COVID. And we didn't 
want more than 30, 40 people to gather and we took very little of our team. So, it wasn't easy 
circumstances in which we launched this. So, of course we did, the market did get into buoyancy, 
subsequently as well. So, it's a series of interventions that we have to do as marketers, and 
product creators to make sure the market stays excited with what we bring to the table, that’s 
part of what our job is and we will keep trying to do better at that so that we don’t let the mood 
of the market spoil our momentum. 
Anish Shah: 
The other part is the uniqueness  of products helps tremendously because the following that’s 
therefore a Scorpio or Bolero or Thar, is something that is very different from a standard product, 
the XUV700 stands out in terms of quality even today versus any of the other competitors in the 
field, even versus a couple of segments or a segment higher than that. So, these are some of the 
things that give a lot of strength to the product in terms of the demand that we will see. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks for that. My second question was your performance on the margin side have been quite 
phenomenal, you have consistently been delivering strong on that. So, what is holding you back 
on giving you the margin guidance on that side, you want to keep on some flexibility on hand in 
terms of price of products or you think it is partly coming by commodity and this is difficult to 
predict and that is why you don’t want to give any band on the margins side. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I guess it is definitely both, maybe the third and the fourth reason as well but definitely these 
two would be on our mind. 
Anish Shah: 
I think when there is a high level of predictability, it is easier to have a stake in the ground and 
say here is what it is. Otherwise, it has to be managed carefully and as Rajesh said various factors 
are going to manage it and that is the reason why in general we stay away from predictions 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
overall. We had done that at one point in time where we had said margins will go up 300 basis 
points over this time period. But based on where we are right now, our basic approach is let us 
just operate, to have a strong operating performance for our businesses and that means that we 
will manage margins well. Sometimes there is a favorable set of things that comes in place which 
is commodity cost in other areas as well. The cost actions will continue to happen. It happens on 
every product based on where the life cycle of the product is. So, all of these things come together 
to give that result. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
It is Rakesh. A continuous trade-off in our mind between how do we manage growth and margin 
and we do not want to, which was I think your first point, we do not want to get locked into a 
situation where because we have said if we are going to do this margin, we do not take the right 
actions that we need to take in the market, either be it marketing investment or a promotion or 
the right product or a variant at the right price, which ultimately will lead to margins coming 
down because if you do not do the right thing, we may get a good quarter, but ultimately that is 
not the right thing for the business. We do want to make sure we are doing “the right thing” so 
that we get sustainable growth in business, volumes and in margins, and for which sometimes 
you got to take some short-term action so that you do not lose the momentum of what you are 
trying to get to. 
Anish Shah: 
Can I just add one thing here Rajesh? What we avoid is giving quarterly views because then you 
just get into the short-term mentality, right? If you think about how the business has been 
operating they have always been showing you an F19 number, which is kind of aspiration one, 
right? So, every quarter you have been seeing that the team is working. The point that we do not 
want to get into is it is going to happen in this quarter. Because then that gets into short-term 
decisions which are not what we want to do, right? You want to create long-term sustainable 
businesses.  in some ways is out there because of that reason. 
Kumar Rakesh:  
Is it any target that we should keep in mind that we should from outside be aware of on the 
profitability or how would you take price actions, decisions? Like in XUV700 you said that it is 
not going to have any impact on profitability that is an exercise which you did internally. 
Similarly, if at all in future you have to take any action to push demand further, any target from 
profitability perspective you keep in mind? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I think I want to build on Amar's point to try and respond to this, which is there may be times 
that we will trade off a quarter for the long term, right? So, when we did a 3XO launch, I mean, 
this was a quarter of a 3XO launch. It was a big launch and when we launched it, everyone kind 
of said, how did you guys get this price? You are going to bleed, but we had a series of things 
that we had in mind. We have not taken a price increase since launch, and we will decide on the 
right time to take a price increase. We do not want to upset the momentum. We are getting a 
really, really good target segment coming in and we do not want to upset the momentum. So, 
we will then take actions based on the way some of these things play out like if we are going to 
launch the new Thar Roxx now then we have to promote it adequately and we will take all the 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
actions that we need to promote it. We are juggling and trading off some other things to make 
sure that we stay at a reasonable level of profit and margin in line with  what your expectations 
are.  
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks. My question was on hybrids; we saw some regulatory action during the last quarter. So, 
there are two parts of the question. One, did you observe any impact on Mahindra & Mahindra 
and relevant segments after the tax on hybrids was reduced? The second and more important 
question is from a regulator point of view, is there still some uncertainty on how the policy 
direction is moving or is there a rethink as some of the media articles at that time were quoting 
or do you see there is enough certainty on driving that penetration in the country? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Let me take the first part of the question Anish, maybe you want to comment on the second. No, 
we have not seen any significant impact post this. Because basically the break-even point even 
after the new registration tax needs the customer to run about 120,000 km over 3 years which is 
not that common for most personal segment users. So, even now with the premium that you pay 
post road tax registration going away and we will have to see where that ends up in UP right 
now. I mean that is a discussion that is on. As some of you know it was prompted by a customer 
case which was the court ruled that the government needed to do that but we will see what is the 
reaction finally we do not know about the government, but it is not going to be that easy to drive 
that because of exactly this. It is still a 2-3 lakh price premium though they are not necessarily 
like-to-like model but the breaking one is about a 100-120,000 kilometers to run to recover the 
extra premium. So, at least so far we are not seeing any impact on our ICE portfolio because of 
that.  
Anish Shah: 
I think to answer the other parts of your question Kapil, EV addresses a couple of very important 
things from a government perspective. First is on pollution because EV takes out emissions 
completely and especially in cities that becomes a very important part. Yes, there is an argument 
sometimes that if you are going to charge EVs with fossil fuel-based electricity then are you still 
keeping the same pollution. Two points to that, first is India is moving very rapidly to renewable 
energy and by 2030 we are going to be at 50% renewable energy, so that takes it down 
significantly. The numbers we have seen is a car in its lifetime, an average ICE car will have 35 
tons of carbon that is generated. An EV similarly will have 27,000 tons of carbon that is 
generated. So, there is some saving, not a significant saving if you are powering EV with ICE 
generated or with fossil fuel generated electricity. If you go from fossil fuel to renewable energy, 
then the total carbon footprint of a vehicle is going to go down to 7 tons. So, that is a very 
significant difference that you start seeing. So, first it really meets that and also the vehicle 
emissions generate pollution in city centers. Generating energy somewhere far away from a city 
center does not generate pollution there. So, that is one big policy goal that the government 
achieves. The second is lowering the fuel import bill, and savings of foreign currency in that 
sense. So, these are the two big savings, which is why governments around the world have been 
incentivizing EVs and not hybrids. Now, at this point, we do not see any indication of a policy 
change. But if consumers want hybrid, if the technology develops further than where it is right 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
now, it is something that we can be a fast follower and move in fairly quickly. We also have a 
set of vehicles that are again fairly unique. So, if you are looking at the 3XO. Yes, it will compete 
with hybrids in future if the consumer wants a hybrid in future. If you look at a Thar or a Scorpio 
and for example not necessarily as much, so there it is going to be a different set of requirements, 
which is where we will have time on our hands to be able to react to it if that scenario changes 
and we may not need that much time so I will just leave it at that at this point. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Hi, this is Sonal Gupta from HSBC Asset Management. Sir just wanted to ask on the demand 
environment for the light commercial vehicles, the pickup space, and really because that has 
been sluggish for an extended period of time, and even for you, we are seeing a decline in 
volumes. So, just want to understand what is happening there and then related to the LCV space 
also wanted to understand, what are your plans on the CNG side in the LCV space  as the CNG 
network is sort of increasing as we have seen in other categories, CNG penetration is sort of 
picking up quite well, right? So, where are you in terms of your LCV portfolio CNG penetration?  
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I do not remember the exact number, but we have a decent CNG penetration on our pickups. 
Yeah, about 10 to 15%, but it depends a lot on what is the CNG price, the arbitrage is that the 
demand moves very quickly up and down depending on exactly what the environment is there, 
but we have a fully ready portfolio of CNG. The answer to the question why LCV industry is 
not growing at this point of time, honestly I am struggling with. What I am struggling to pick up 
right now is we are seeing tractor momentum and 65% of our pickups are in rural areas, why are 
we not yet seeing that segment pickup and maybe it will lag by a few months, but we would 
expect that with the pickup in rural economy. The pickup segment including LCV 3.5 tons 
should improve, less than 3.5 tons should pick up as an industry. We are not able to get the same 
level of granular understanding right now like we have picked up on tractors on why this segment 
is still lagging. Maybe it is May-June, elections, weather, all of that, possibly that, let us wait 
and see. But by this time, we would expect to start seeing some growth, especially as rural 
spending will go up and infrastructure spending starts. So, we should expect to see the segment 
grow and it has not grown for a while, so I think almost 18-20 months. 
Divya Gulati: 
I have a couple of online questions for you. What is the effective tax rate for FY25 that is the 
first question. Second question, what is the PLI benefit, how do we account for the same in our 
books and what is the amount? 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
For FY25, it is going to be roughly around 23% effective tax rate, could be 23-24%. On PLI, 
what we do is we have this very detailed approach to how you account for what is accruable that 
goes through an audit process at our end, it also goes through certain requirement checks from 
a body and basis that we make the accrual in our books and now there is a very detailed SOP 
which has also been received, so I think pretty much everything that is on our books today which 
is a relatively small amount around 90-100 crore should be very cashable as we make the claims 
to the government and receive the funds and in terms of accounting, it is actually booked as a 
contra to COGS, so it allows you to see at a gross margin level what the impact is. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Divya Gulati: 
Couple of questions from Chandramouli at Goldman for the first Quarter 2025, M&M Tractor 
wholesales were up mid-single digit at 6%, but the Vahan Retail shows it at -10%. So, how 
should we think about the same? Is there a high base effect in the retail picture? Are we missing 
anything? We see a contrast in these numbers. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yes, honestly, I am not cross-tallied with Vahan and Vahan there is a lag in that, I mean there is 
a fair bit of lag in tractors in Vahan, the Telangana, I think a few other places do not get counted, 
but we have actually brought stock down in this quarter further. So, we have actually not built 
any stock. So, the implication is that we have delivered more than what we billed. 
Divya Gulati: 
Sure. Two more questions from Goldman. The first one is that can you share with us the current 
channel stock in the domestic SUV business? The second one is there a particular reason why 
XUV400 electric car volumes have moderated in Quarter 1? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, so we are not going to give you an exact stock figure, but our current estimate is that, so 
we are about 4-5 days higher stock than our norm. So, we would want to bring the stock down 
more by improving the retail throughput, not necessarily by billing lesser and that is what we 
are endeavoring to do. So, that is where we are on the stock management and the second question 
was on 400. We are preparing for a new range of electric vehicles coming in. Right now we are 
directing 400 to some very specific segments like fleet and so on and so forth, but we have plans 
for later part of the year and then BEVs as we go into next year, so we are kind of also, in the 
process of managing their transition. 
Divya Gulati: 
Another question from Ambit, Jinesh what drove the core tractor margins? How sustainable are 
they? By when do we expect farm machinery business to turn profitable? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
The margins in core tractors, obviously Quarter 1 and Quarter 3 are always the volume quarter. 
So, we cannot compare Quarter 2 margins to Quarter 1 margins. So, there is a huge difference 
in operating leverage. So, the margins in tractors to go through seasonality based on the seasons, 
which is Quarter 1 and Quarter 3. So, we cannot expect the same margins to stay, but I think 
what we can take away out of this is the operating leverage will play back to a similar extent in 
Quarter 3 which is when we should expect similar kind of margins but not in Q2 and Q4 unless 
there is a huge volume up swing that happens compared to. So, typically I think what one has to 
see is what is the margin improvement over previous quarter and right now when you see, I mean 
the previous year, same quarter and right now what we see is a 1% improvement. There are some 
watch out signs here example rubber prices have been going up that commodity has a big effect 
on tractors because of tyre sizes. So, you know commodity prices and tractors are sensitive to 
rubber. So, that is the watch out at the moment. The farm machinery we would expect a couple 
of years for us to start making money. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Divya Gulati: 
There's another question from Incred  Pramod Amthe. This is on tractor. How do you see 
financial NPA and repossessed vehicle inventory challenge to support tractor sales in context of 
state election with these trends is there a risk on farm loans and in turn tractor sales? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I do not think we are seeing any increase in NPA or any risks thereof and we have the same view 
from the Mahindra Finance side as well and no, we do not see any significant repossession risk 
in election story is over, so no impact. 
Anish Shah: 
She referred to state elections. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
No, it does not have the same effect as the Lok Sabha. 
Divya Gulati: 
Just take a last couple of questions online. This is from Arvind from Citi. The recent price cut 
will they stay or could there be a reversal with a possible refresh in the XUV700 portfolio? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I think in a way we have answered this Divya, so we are not going to repeat that. We do not have 
a refresh in the immediate short run, so anyone is in the mindset that we have done this because 
the refresh is following immediately, no, it is not a part of that. The reasons for doing it are what 
we spoke about. 
Divya Gulati: 
And I will take this last one is from JP Morgan, Amyn It is a question from him. Are you 
expecting any acceleration in the SUV retail due to price adjustments that you have made 
recently? Should we temper our volume vis-à-vis margin expectations, which I think we 
answered in a way and any initial sense of how many bookings for the 3XO are coming from 
first time buy? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I think XUV700 question is answered, so I am not repeating that. On 3XO roughly 25% first 
time buyers, 20-25% hatch and just 10 to 15% Mahindra. So, it is a totally new segment that we 
are attracting. 
Divya Gulati: 
Great. I think we are on time. On behalf of Mahindra and Mahindra, I would like to thank all of 
you who have joined us today in person as well as online. There are refreshments and we 
welcome everyone to join us. Thank you very much. 
