 
 
Adani Power Limited 
          Tel  +91 79 2656 7555 
“Adani Corporate House” 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,                                            
           www.adanipower.com 
Ahmedabad-382421, Gujarat India 
CIN : L40100GJ1996PLC030533 
 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad-382421 
August 9, 2024  
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: 533096 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIPOWER 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Conference Call on Q1FY25 Financial 
Results of Adani Power Limited 
 
Ref.: Our intimation dt. July 23, 2024 and July 27, 2024 and, w.r.t. interaction 
with Investors / Analysts pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In furtherance to our above-referred intimations, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Investors / Analysts Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website 
of the Company i.e. www.adanipower.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Power Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak S Pandya 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No.: FCS-5002 
  
 
Encl.: as above. 
 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUM
AR PANDYA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUMAR 
PANDYA 
Date: 2024.08.09 
10:27:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Adani Power Limited Q1 FY25 Results Earnings 
Call” 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. B. KHYALIA – CEO, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. DILIP JHA – CFO, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. NISHIT DAVE – AVP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Power Limited Q1 FY25 
Results Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we are pleased to 
welcome you all to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Call of Adani Power Limited. 
Today, we have with us the Management Team represented by Mr. S. B. Khyalia 
– CEO; Mr. Dilip Jha – CFO; and Mr. Nishit Dave – AVP (Investor Relations). We 
will start with brief opening remarks, which should be followed by Q&A. Over to 
you, sir. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Good afternoon, friends. Welcome to the Earnings Call for the 1st Quarter of 
2024-25. I have with me our CFO – Mr. Dilip Jha and the APL Finance team.  
Adani Power Limited continues to grow from strength to strength, fueled by a 
vibrant power market, operating excellence, and an agile and capable team. The 
Indian economy is hungry for more power and the nation is blessed with most of 
the resources required to fulfill its needs. During the recently concluded quarter, 
APL posted a sharp year-on-year growth in PLF to 78% and greater power 
dispatch across all plants, aggregating to 26 billion units. APL's power dispatch 
under PPA has improved because of growing power demand, lower prices of 
imported coal, and competitive position in merit order stats. 
Our strategically located open capacity also benefited greatly from high 
merchant demand and tariffs due to our competent fuel management and 
logistic capability. Our O&M excellence allowed us to fully capitalize on the peak 
demand opportunity by ensuring high plant uptimes.  
As you all would be aware, we have now achieved almost full resolution of 
regulatory petitions related to domestic coal shortfall claims and recovered past 
dues from DISCOMs. Consequently, one-time revenue recognition of prior period 
items has come down significantly and our revenues as well as operating profit 
now primarily reflect ongoing business. Our constant endeavor to optimize fuel 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
costs and to improve contribution per unit short has borne fruit in the form of a 
sharp growth of 53% in continuing EBITDA. 
At the same time, our pragmatic management of cash flows and leverage has 
allowed us to bring down the finance cost. Consequently, Profit Before Tax has 
nearly doubled during Q1 FY25 on a recurring basis. As you can see, APL has 
opened its fiscal year 2024-25 on a very strong note, and we are confident of 
continuing to perform with all-round excellence on the path ahead. 
Speaking of the future, the Mahan Energen Phase II Ultra-supercritical expansion 
project of 1600 megawatt capacity is well underway to achieve its targeted 
completion by June2027. The outlook for India's thermal power capacity growth 
is very favorable. The government has revised its power demand projections 
within just two years. It estimates that peak demand will grow from 250 GW 
currently to 400 GW by 2031-32. This will call for 80 to 90 GW of additional 
thermal power capacity to meet peak demand, even if the target of 500 GW of 
non-fossil fuel-based capacity is achieved.  
State governments have already started to call for bids for supply of firm power 
under long-term peak needs to meet power demand five to six years from now. 
Bids for supply of 6400 MW from thermal power have already been invited by 
three states, while more bids are expected from other states soon. We have 
started to take proactive steps for capacity expansion in view of this positive 
outlook and our long-term goals. We have started advanced preparation for 
setting up three more projects of 1600 MW each at Raipur, Raigarh, and Mirzapur. 
The Raipur and Raigarh projects are expansion of the existing power plants in 
Chhattisgarh, while the Mirzapur project in UP will be set up in a subsidiary 
company that we have acquired recently.  
We are awaiting NCLT approval of the resolution plans for Lanco Amarkantak and 
Coastal Energen, which will expand our operating capacity by 1800 MW and add 
another 1320 MW of under-construction capacity. 
In addition to this, we are also evaluating further brownfield expansion projects 
of 4,800 MW and inorganic opportunities of more than 1,000 MW, which 
together will take our target capacities to 30.67 GW by FY 29-30. We are 
following an agile business model and integrated approach for augmenting 
assurances on project execution and operational front. We are also focusing on 
enhancing fuel security through commercial mining licenses under an asset light 
model. We are highly confident of delivering value-accretive investments to our 
stakeholders by capitalizing on our core strength. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
I would like now to invite Mr. Dilip Jha – CFO, to speak about the Financial Results, 
followed by a question-and-answer session. Thank you and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Khyalia Sahab. Good afternoon, friends. I hope you all have 
downloaded the result presentation that we have uploaded on the website. 
Adani Power Limited has delivered yet another quarter with strong financial 
performance, with higher volume and revenue, improved profitability, and very 
healthy credit indicators. The company achieved excellent PLF of 78% and sales 
volume of 24 billion units in Q1 FY24-25. In comparison, it had posted 60% PLF 
and 17.5 BU sales volume in Q1 FY23-24. Almost all power plants contributed 
higher PLF and volumes on back of higher power demand under PPA and in the 
merchant market. The second 800 MW unit of the Godda Power plant was 
commissioned at the end of June last year, due to which the effective operating 
capacity was lower in Q1 FY24. In the recently concluded quarter, full generating 
capacity of Godda was available, which has contributed to higher volumes. 
Continuing operating revenue for Q1 FY25 grew by 29% to Rs. 14,717 crores as 
compared to Rs. 11,370 crores in Q1 FY24. Continuing total revenue grew by 30% 
to Rs.15,052 crores in Q1 FY25 as compared to Rs. 11,612 crores in Q1 FY24. Import 
coal prices for Q1 FY25 were lower as compared to Q1 of last year. Due to this, 
tariff realization in some PPAs with pass through of import coal prices was 
slightly lower. At the same time, merchant tariff realization was strong in Q1 FY25 
and resulted in higher contribution.  
This reduction in import fuel price was also reflected in the significantly lower 
growth in fuel cost for Quarter 1 FY25, which was 17%. As a result, continuing 
EBITDA for the quarter grew by a strong 53% to Rs. 6,290 crore as compared to 
Rs. 4,121 crore in Q1 last year. 
During Q1 FY25, APL recognized a comparatively much smaller amount of Rs. 422 
crore as one-time prior period revenue on account of regulatory orders, as 
compared to Rs. 6497 crore in Q1 last year. The reported revenue and EBITDA 
now reflect the quarter's performance to a great extent providing adequate 
clarity into the numbers. 
Further, as highlighted by our CEO Mr. Khyalia earlier, we have been able to keep 
finance costs firmly under control with the stated aim of reducing leverage. We 
have utilized regulatory cash flows to prepay debt during the previous financial 
year, making the balance sheet very healthy, improving our credit ratings to AA 
family and helping reduce interest rates.  

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Finance cost for Q1 FY25 was Rs. 811 crore as compared to Rs. 883 crore in Q1 
FY24. On the other hand, depreciation was higher at Rs. 996 crore versus Rs. 935 
crore in the two quarters respectively due to the commissioning of Godda plant. 
This outstanding operating performance and cost control led to continuing profit 
before tax for Q1 FY25 nearly doubling to Rs. 4,483 crore versus Rs. 2,303 crore 
in Q1 FY24. After considering one-time items, the reported profit before tax for 
Q1 FY25 was Rs. 4,906 crores as compared to Rs. 8,800 crores for Q1 FY24 due 
to one-time regulatory income of more than Rs. 6,000 crores in Q1 last year.  
The company has recognized tax charge of Rs. 993 crores on consolidated basis 
during Q1 25 as compared to Rs. 40 crore in Q1 last year. This tax includes both 
current and deferred tax for the Godda plant and deferred tax for APL as 
standalone entity. For Q1 FY25, profit after tax is Rs. 3913 crore as compared to 
PAT of Rs. 8759 crore for Q1-24, and as I explained, this is due to one-time, prior 
period regulatory income recognition in last year, which was approximately Rs. 
6,500 crores. 
APL has now firmly established its credentials as a dynamic and profitable leading 
power producer with high liquidity and excellent creditworthiness. It is poised 
squarely to convert the upcoming growth opportunity into profitable and secure 
investments that generate value for all stakeholders. 
In the coming quarters and years, we hope to see more exciting developments 
and strong performance with you on a consistent basis and hope to engage you 
closely in discussions about our process. I would now like to request the 
moderator to open the floor for question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Uma Menon from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Uma Menon: 
I just had a couple of questions. The first one being, if you could please provide 
an update on the completion of acquisition timeline on Lanco Amarkantak, and if 
there are any updates on other acquisitions planned, such as KSK Mahanadi and 
the Coastal Energen plants. Thank you. 
Dilip Jha 
So thank you for your question. Both the inorganic acquisitions of Lanco and 
Coastal, the awards are reserved. And we're expecting that the result will be 
announced very soon. So, we are waiting for the result. 
S. B. Khyalia 
The other part which you have asked is KSK Mahanadi. KSK Mahanadi is under 
bidding, and its submission is probably today by end of business hours. So, it is 
still under bidding. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Uma Menon: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. And the second question is around batteries. With the 
lowering costs that we're seeing on batteries and the low tariffs that we saw, 
slightly lower than the tariffs we have seen on the SECI tenders recently. Do you 
see these as a threat to the merchant thermal portfolio? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
See whether it is renewables or battery, they would be available during the 
daytime because batteries are yet not really competitive as compared to thermal 
power.  The rates related to solar power are applicable during the day time, and 
we don't consider that going forward, it will have PLF of more than 55%-60% 
during day time.  With that understanding only, all projections and investment 
decisions are being taken. However, solar power would be available only for 7 to 
8 hours and for rest of the 16 hours, the base load would be met from thermal 
power only. So, if we take full load for 16 hours and let us say 55% for 8 hours, 
still the PLF would be above 70% which is very good PLF for a thermal power 
station. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
I had a couple of questions. So, can you just elaborate upon how are we looking 
on tying up for PPAs for organic expansion and which states have come out with 
tenders and what will be the duration of this PPAs? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
As we stated, three states are already there with their bids, Maharashtra 1600 
MW thermal, UP 1600 MW thermal, and Rajasthan 3200 MW thermal. So, these 
three states are already there, totaling to 6400 megawatt. As per the resource 
adequacy report of the Central Electricity Authority, many other states are having 
deficits and there is an advisory to all the states that they have to ensure resource 
adequacy, because going forward it would be obligatory for the utilities to ensure 
24 x 7 supply. So, we expect a lot of such bids and tenders will come. Therefore, 
whatever inorganic or organic expansion that we have planned, we are of the 
view that we will be in a position to tie up the long-term PPAs. And these PPAs 
of these three states, which I mentioned, are having duration of 25 years. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
For the plants which are considering for acquisition, can you speak on how much 
of the capacity is tied up already and is there any merchant capacity available? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
In case of Coastal Energen, the NCLT has reserved its order. NCLT has reserved 
the order actually for both, Coastal Energen as well as Lanco Amarkantak. In case 
of Coastal Energen, one unit of 600 MW is tied up under a PPA with Tamil Nadu 
and one unit is available for merchant sales. In case of Lanco Amarkantak, the 
entire 600 MW capacity is tied up under PPAs and 1320 MW, which is under 
construction and almost 70% complete, is open capacity available for use as 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
merchant capacity, or we can tie up with the states against their bids, so it's 
available capacity. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood sir and sir almost 22% of the revenues have come from merchant, so 
how much was the merchant sale and in units that you can get? And if you can 
also talk about the spreads, how much spread or cross spreads have we earned 
on it, and what was it compared to last year? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
In merchant sales, we had a revenue realization of Rs. 7.45 per unit on an average 
for the quarter and the fuel cost was Rs. 2.89 per unit, so there was a contribution 
of Rs. 4.56 per unit. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
What was it compared to last years? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Last year the tariff was Rs. 7.57, so it was almost same but the coal cost was 
higher because of the higher coal cost of imported coal as well as in the auction 
also, where the premiums were very high because of less availability of coal. 
However in this year, the availability of coal from Coal India under the auction is 
also very comfortable and therefore in the auction, the premium has gone down. 
Last year the coal cost was actually on the higher side, it was Rs. 3.86 / unit and 
therefore the contribution was Rs. 3.71 as against the contribution of Rs. 4.56 
this year. So, contribution has gone up almost by 85 paisa. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood sir, and sir mostly the sales will be in medium term or short term PPAs 
or bilateral trade or bilateral market? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
It is mostly under bilateral contracts of less than one year and then there is some 
balance capacity, because you cannot tie up 100% under the short term PPAs 
where you have an obligation of take or pay. So even from the capacity that is 
available for merchant, 20%-30% is kept for the exchange sales also. 70% to 80% 
is tied up for less than a year under the bilateral agreements and balance is sold 
through the power exchange. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
My first question is on your thoughts on the merchant power. Would you want to 
keep any more capacity open for merchants or would you rather tie it up with 
PPAs given the current demand supply situation? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
As per our internal assessment, we are keeping around 20% under merchant. That 
should be a sort of balancing act, whereby we don't want to expose ourselves to 
market risk for more than the 20%, which is sufficient to take the advantage of 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
higher rates from the market. So we are of the view that we should keep it around 
this 80%-20% ratio. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So even for the expansion you would like to keep 20% merchant? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
For expansion also, we would like to tie up through the long term PPA and only 
15%-20% capacity we will keep for the merchant. 
Nishit Dave: 
Just to interject here, Puneet. Actually, the capacity that we are acquiring under 
the NCLT route and others, those do not have full tie ups, but they are actually 
located very advantageously close to all the coal-bearing areas. So those 
capacities are well-suited for the merchant market. While the newer capacities 
that we are going to set up, the brownfield and greenfield expansions, for those 
we will look at full tie ups under PPA. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And hence availability of credit, is there credit available for the merchant part of 
the capacity as well or we have to fund it out of your internal accruals? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Credit is available nowadays even for merchant capacity also. There is a clear 
indication from Government of India that since now the rates in the market are 
quite attractive, the financial institutions and banks should look at standalone 
viability of the capacity now since the merchant market is quite matured. So, the 
institutions and banks are open to look at funding the merchant capacity. Also in 
case of, let us say our Mahan Power Project, we have tied up capacity of 1320 
MW out of 1600 MWt. So partial capacity is already considered by the financial 
institutions for funding though it is under the merchant capacity. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And secondly, in your analysis, how are you protecting yourself against potential 
future carbon taxes? Do the PPAs have a clause which allows you a pass-through 
or is that a risk that you will be exposed to later on? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
See, any carbon tax would be a change in law and therefore it would be passed 
through under the PPA. In fact, you may be aware that we already have a charge 
of Rs. 400 per metric tonne, which was called initially as Green Cess, which was 
later renamed as the GST Compensation Cess. The objective was to call it a Green 
Cess and when it was imposed, it was initially Rs. 50 per tonne, and it was made 
Rs. 100 and ultimately today it is Rs. 400 per tonne, which is allowed as pass 
through under the PPA. So similarly if anything further is imposed related to 
carbon tax or any tax, it will get passed through under PPAs. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And can you also talk about the future acquisition opportunities apart from the 
KSK and Lanco? What others would you be evaluating or is available in the 
market? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Nishit Dave: 
Puneet, obviously we cannot give you names of these targets, but we are 
evaluating the opportunities as we come across them and we look at certain 
criteria for selecting and going through the evaluation process before we bid for 
them. So, for example, the quality of the equipment, how well the plant has been 
maintained, how well-endowed it is in terms of key indicators like water 
availability, transmission availability, whether it is close to coal bearing sites, 
whether it has got room for expansion. So those things are taken into 
consideration first and only then do we decide if we want to bid for a specific 
project. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And so without the name, any intent on the size because I would presume those 
would come in faster and Greenfield will still take about five years to come from 
now? 
Nishit Dave: 
There are ongoing evaluations and bidding is also going on, as we also mentioned 
earlier. We will look at good projects over there. But primarily, inorganic 
expansion is not really the key strategy that we are following. It is actually to get 
access to good sites, get access to capacities that can be turned around quickly 
and fulfill the demand niche that we find in the market. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
See the company has good cash flow, so whatever opportunity will be available 
which fits into our objective, obviously we would be looking into that. Whatever 
will come and may be available, we would be looking into that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK 
Investment Managers Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
The merchant power offers flexibility and promise of a higher reward. But of 
course, there is certain risk, especially in a leveraged business. While the PPAs 
give us predictability, but probably will lock us down to relatively potential of 
lower returns. What is our philosophy and strategy to balance risk and reward 
between merchant and the PPAs? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
I think I have already answered this question earlier, but nevertheless for the sake 
of repetition, I would like to say that we have an internal strategy whereby we 
want to tie up 80% of the capacity through long-term PPAs which will give us 
stable returns. The balance 20%, we are keeping it open whereby we can optimize 
our returns by taking the advantage of good returns in the market. So that is the 
broad strategy. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sorry, I missed that earlier part. My apologies. Secondly, likely given the way 
economy is growing and given the way it is a synergistic growth across many 
sectors, therefore, GDP growth is likely to be far more burgeoning type and 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
combining among many sectors. Plus, given the trust of growth on manufacturing 
and industry, energy demand growth, we are likely to overshoot all projections. 
So, given 11-12% kind of likely electricity demand and the growth in the coming 
period on a per annum basis, what kind of our growth the picture would show? 
What kind of multiple do we see compared to overall energy demand growth in 
the system? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
In my opening remarks, I have already stated that in the last two years, the 
Government of India has changed its estimates. And now the Government of India 
is of the view that by FY 31-32, the peak demand would be 400 GW. Out of this 
400 GW, around 300 GW is to be met from thermal capacity. Today we have 217 
GW and out of this, around let us say 10 GW will be scrapped because of the aging. 
So about 80 to 90 GW additional capacity would be required in the next 5 to 6 
years. And there are obviously a smaller number of developers now available in 
the country. So, we have already stated that we have a very good expansion plan, 
whereby today we have 15-GW capacity, and we are planning to achieve at least 
30 gigawatt by FY29-30. It all depends on how the future demand will come up. 
So, we will try to make our growth plans with the demand growth. And obviously, 
we are very bullish because not only that it will help us in absorbing our additional 
capacities but also, we are of the view that there would be good rates available. 
So, our realization could go up also apart from growth in terms of quantum. 
Bharat Shah: 
In my earlier discussions with you, my impression has been that we are aiming at 
volume growth much higher than what Dilipji is just now mentioning because this 
will imply about 15% volume growth over next 5-6 years. But I thought we are 
looking at achieving a much better number than that? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
I think we gave the same number; we have never given in terms of capacity 
numbers more than this. This is our announced and notified capacity to exchange 
also and to everybody. We have given the same number that we are going to have 
capacity of about 30 GW as against today's 15 GW. 
Bharat Shah: 
And maybe then I've been more optimistic than what has been suggested. 
Therefore, revenues are likely to be growing at a rate faster since realization will 
probably improve. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Yes, that would be expected because, as I stated, if the economy is going to grow 
faster and the demand is going to be higher, in that case, the rate realization 
would be much higher. Our growth in terms of revenue would high be one 
because of the doubling of the capacity and the second would be because of the 
higher rate realization. So, there would be combination of this. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Bharat Shah: 
And by implication, profit growth would be even much higher because of the 
basic equation underlying that? 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes, of course. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: 
My question is regarding green ammonia blending project at Mundra site. So, I 
would like to know about the outcome of that and future prospect in terms of 
raw material and raw material cost if we implement further that green ammonia, 
that will be, I think, also beneficial for our greenhouse that our reducing carbon 
footprint? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
We are carrying out a pilot study. So first we have to establish whether the green 
ammonia can be co-fired with the coal or not. Therefore, we are in the state of 
technical study at this stage. Once the technical possibility is established, then 
we have to consider the viability of the price of ammonia and also whether that 
would be available as pass-through under the provisions of PPA. So, it has to be 
seen from multiple angles. One is the technical feasibility, second is the market 
rates of ammonia and whether the power generated based on that will be allowed 
as pass-through under the provisions of PPA. If all things go on the expected lines 
and the rates are viable, obviously we will go ahead with that. So, at this stage, 
we are in the technical feasibility study stage. Therefore, it would be difficult to 
give the future roadmap. But we are trying to make it feasible so that we can 
reduce our carbon footprint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakhdeep, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Lakhdeep: 
What is the future of electricity supply to Bangladesh and how the payment 
situation is right now with the Bangladesh? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
We have signed the agreement for 1500 megawatts and the PPA is for 25 years. 
So, there is no question of future as regards to the already concluded agreement. 
As far as payment is concerned, we have started getting good payments from last 
few months and every process is well established now. On an average 4 to 5 
months of arrears is there for all the power suppliers of Bangladesh, so it is not 
that we are getting some different treatment. We used to have a similar situation 
in India also. So, the way we get the payment in India from the DISCOMs, similarly, 
we are getting payments from the Bangladesh also with some time lag, because 
of these are government utilities. So, there would be outstandings against our 
supplies. As per the process, now we are getting regular payments. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Lakhdeep: 
And are we expecting any increase in supplies to Bangladesh? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
We have fully tied up our power project, so the entire power is going to 
Bangladesh. It's a dedicated power station to Bangladesh and it's not even 
connected with the Indian grid, and Bangladesh is taking full power. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you. Thanks a lot. It was really a very interactive session. And if still anyone 
wants any further clarification or any query, please feel free to approach us. And 
Nishit Dave is always there. Thanks a lot again, and See you soon in the next 
quarter. 
S. B. Khyalia 
Thank you everybody. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
