 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEC/0409/2024 
 
 
        By E-filing 
 
           September 04, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited             
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship 
Department 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Investor Day Conference Call made by APAR Industries 
Limited (the Company) on August 28, 2024. 
 
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”),  
as amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Kindly refer our letter no. SEC/2808/2024 dated August 28, 2024 w.r.t. submission of link of 
Audio Recording of post Investor Meet / Investor Day Conference Call organized by the Company.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting 
herewith transcript of the Investor Meet / Investor Day (Conference Call) made on Wednesday, 
August 28, 2024 for the information of members.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
(Sanjaya Kunder) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
SANJAY
A RAJU 
KUNDER
Digitally signed by SANJAYA RAJU 
KUNDER 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=7428, 
pseudonym=9fdeb5687d624d869f090b
9361568600, 
2.5.4.20=e1e7d44fe70d01431f3f8f9fbc5d
579df83d4f144d97b964a056b82817624
2b3, postalCode=400083, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0cc5c938eb4e54110332d
07255e723e3bd1a6849c5d87c4f34e5bec
3533aa715, cn=SANJAYA RAJU KUNDER 
Date: 2024.09.04 11:45:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 110 
 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Investor Day Conference Call” 
August 28, 2024    
MANAGEMENT: 
(APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED) 
MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. RISHABH DESAI – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. MANISH AGRAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CONDUCTOR 
& TELECOM) 
MR. SHASHI AMIN -- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CABLE DIVISION) 
MR. GIRISH GUPTA -- SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT - TELECOM 
MR. SUNDAR SUBRAMANIAN -- SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – AUTO 
AND INDUSTRIAL LUBRICANTS 
MR. SUYASH SARAOGI – PRESIDENT (STRATEGY & PROJECTS 
 
 
 
 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 110 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Good morning ladies and gentleman and welcome to the investor day. 
Today, we have Chairman and Managing Director and we have the entire 
senior management team of APAR Industries who would take you through 
the different business divisions and the growth opportunities that lie for us. 
I'll just take you through a quick view of the -- what's in store for the day 
today. We'll start the session with opening remarks by our Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Kushal Desai, followed by Managing Director, Mr. 
Chaitanya Desai. After that, we will have the divisional highlights, the 
Conductor Division business highlights by Mr. Manish Agarwal. He's 
joined newly as the CEO of the Conductor and the Telecom sector. Mr. 
Manish is travelling abroad, so he'll be joining virtually for the session 
today. 
Post that, we'll have Mr. Shashi Amin, who is the CEO of Cable Division, 
talking to you about the cable and wire business highlights. Post the tea 
break, we'll have Mr. Girish Gupta talking on the Telecom Division. After 
that, Mr. Sundar Subramanian and Mr. Rishabh Desai will talk about the 
specialty oils and lubricants business. I will cover the financial overview 
post that. And after that, we'll have ESG initiatives by Mr. Suyash Saraogi. 
And towards the end, we'll have the Q&A sessions. 
You have your QR code on each of your tables over there, so at any time 
during the course of the presentation as well as towards the end of the 
presentation, you can scan your questions and all of those will be answered 
at the end of the session. 
With that, I'll request our chairman, Mr. Kushal Desai, to begin the session 
for the day. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 110 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Good morning, everyone. And I'd like to extend a warm welcome and 
hopefully a dry welcome. I know you had heavy rains this morning, because 
of which commuting was a little bit difficult. So, I thank all of you for making 
the effort to be here and be present for our Investor Day. 
As Ramesh has mentioned here, we have a fairly comprehensive 
presentation for you. And hopefully it will give you a deep dive in terms of 
where the company stands, where do we see the growth and the future of 
the business? And how prepared APAR is to actually take on these 
opportunities? 
There's a famous English saying that luck is the point at which opportunity 
meets preparedness. So, at the end of the day, you guys should be able to 
judge whether APAR is going to be lucky or not in terms of its 
preparedness. 
So, I'd just like to start off with just this slide, which puts in perspective 
what drives us. So, if you look at our mission which we define as why we 
exist? I think this is very important because whatever we've done in the last 
10 years and what we propose to do in the next 25 years is pretty much 
dictated by this one sentence. 
So, our mission is to design and manufacture building blocks for the 
energy infrastructure, transportation and telecommunication sectors that 
contribute meaningfully to make this world; A, more energy efficient; B, 
environmentally sustainable; and C, a safer place. So, you will see every 
single activity, every single product that APAR has worked on in the last 10 
years meets these three criteria. 
Our vision is to be a global leader in the energy infrastructure, 
transportation, telecommunication sectors by providing the best solutions 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 110 
 
and value creation for our stakeholders. In 2020, we actually changed 
APAR's tagline by changing it from tomorrow's progress today to 
tomorrow's solutions today, keeping in mind that the important barometer 
to gauge, how useful you are to your clients is how effective your solution 
is to them because that is what is the final measure in terms of what value 
you've given to them. 
There are these five values based on which we consider ourselves -- to 
measure ourselves to be an ideal APARian. So, the first one, of course, is 
innovation. When you're trying to solve and you will see that there are 
some gigantic problems which are coming up in the world in terms of the 
energy transition, you have to be very innovative, you have to pioneer 
beyond conventional solutions otherwise it's not going to happen. 
We have to be driven, proactively strive for superior outcomes, because 
that's what delivers the value, the value creation to shareholders and to 
stakeholders comes only from that. We've got to be entrepreneurial, 
empowered to take ownership, learn how to get more out of less. 
Accountability is important, we have to be committed to sustainable growth 
and be responsible in the way in which we go about doing it. 
You will see in Mr. Saraogi's presentation that comes later on, in terms of 
the ESG side, it is going to be a license for you to operate. So, if you don't 
end up actually meeting those criteria in the next few years, believe me, 
you will not be able to operate. And then finally, we want to lead this whole 
innovation curve and inspire leadership at the forefront of innovation within 
our industries and as part of this energy transition. 
So, the next slide, I'll just quickly go through it. These are the different 
segments and the brands which we have within Apar. So, we have the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 110 
 
speciality solution group that covers transformer oil, wire and 
pharmaceutical oils and a bunch of speciality products. We are the world's 
third largest transformer oil manufacturer. Within the oil division, the 
transformer oil portion has been the fastest growing. We've been clocking 
over 18% CAGR growth, looking at the last five quarters. 
And as you'll see through this presentation that transformer oil grows 
linearly with the addition of transformers. So, as you have more 
transformers going in, you will have transformer oil growing at the same 
pace. We are also the largest exporter of transformer oils from India. The 
product is sold in 140 plus countries around the world and you have about 
45% of the revenues coming from overseas, 55% coming domestic in that 
segment. We have now become the ninth largest player in the lubricant 
industry. My colleague Sundar will take you through the lubricant part of 
the business. 
On the Conductor side, we have been leading the innovation curve as the 
largest one-stop solution provider for design, manufacturing and 
upgrading transmission lines in the world. Even though there's no 
published data based on industry data, we are the largest manufacturer of 
aluminium and aluminium alloy conductors in the world. There's a very 
comprehensive presentation, Chaitanya here will take you through part of 
it and then of course Manish is going to do the deep dive. 
On the Cable Solutions front, we have the widest range of products in India 
catering two speciality sectors and these sectors are really growing. You 
have the Indian railways, you have the shipping, a lot of submarines being 
added. India has a 7000 plus kilometer coastline. And the interesting thing 
is we don't have a single offshore turbine, so you can imagine the kind of 
potential that can show up. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 110 
 
Hybrid cables, harnesses, a whole lot of telecommunication cables and we 
also build the safest house wire in the country. Some of the leading brands 
like Polycab and KEI and RR and etc, etc are now following suit because 
they've seen the value of the product that APAR has launched in the form 
of APAR Anushakti. 
We are also the largest exporter and producer of these speciality cables, 
especially for the renewable sector in India and we are the largest exporter 
of these cables from India. In terms of the telecommunication side, we have 
been focusing on providing telecom solutions including fiber optic cables, 
copper and hybrid cable solutions and services and my colleague Girish 
here will actually run you through some of those opportunities. 
This slide actually is very important and it just puts in context what we are 
going to be talking about for the remaining three hours that you will be 
over here. The largest revolution that is happening in this world, in the 
history of the industrialized world is actually underway. Most people in the 
world don't even realize it because you don't see power, you don't touch 
power but it's going to influence every form of what you do. 
If you look at the root of this whole thing is that greenhouse gases are 
emitted basically from emissions that come out. You have it from the 
tailpipe of a car, you have it from a power plant, anything that uses a 
hydrocarbon form of energy has an emission. So, when you have 
greenhouse gases increasing, the heat that is retained in the world 
increases. 
The important thing is that, and most people don't realize this, that 
greenhouse gases are emitted locally but they affect globally. So, if you do 
stubble burning in Indonesia or in India or in Papua New Guinea, it will 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 110 
 
equally affect Anchorage which is in Alaska or Rio de Janeiro in Brazil or 
Canberra in Australia. So, it becomes then, you may create that locally but 
then it becomes a global problem. 
So, governments and businesses across the world are trying to fix this. 
Demand for oil is projected to peak by 2030. You can already start seeing 
it, in spite of all the wars and so many other things happening, at least at 
the moment you don't see crude and gas oil going up that much because 
the demand has been a bit soft. 
If you see annual investments across the energy sector, they are projected 
to grow at almost $1.5 trillion a year and going up to $3 trillion a year. 
Now how does this affect APAR actually? So, what we see is that in this 
energy transition, if you look at the period from 2020 to 2050, the energy 
consumption is likely to double. So, if you are consuming 100, it is likely 
to go to 200. In 2020, electricity formed 20% of that energy mix. By the 
time you get to 2050, it will form 40% of the energy mix. 
So, you are going to go from 20 to 80, which is where this 4x increase 
comes in. I'll show you a chart later on that puts it in perspective. The 
beauty is that the incremental consumption, you know, going from 100 to 
200, almost 75% to 95% of this is going to come from renewable sources 
and it's necessary because we need to have emission of greenhouse gases 
25% to 30% lower than what they exist today, when you double this energy 
consumption. There will be, of course, energy storage solutions which will 
catalyze, you know, this whole transition process. 
So, I've just tried to summarize here that there are these six areas, those of 
you attended our presentation last year, these six areas pretty much remain 
intact. And you probably will see this slide coming up for the next five to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 110 
 
ten years, because the growth is such a long story in these areas that there'll 
be just more activity happening, more intensity and a faster pace. So, in 
the first case, obviously the main driver is the addition of renewable 
energy, wind, solar and nuclear. 
The businesses that benefit from this for us is a cable business where we 
have a plethora of cables that go into solar installations and wind 
installations. It forms about 5% of the cabling that happens within the plant 
itself. There are overhead conductors which will then transmit power out of 
there. There is always a substation attached to a generating source, 
because the substation, the source is at 11 kV or 33 kV and these 
transmission lines go from 220 up to 765. 
The interesting thing is that, you know, as the step-up increases, you require 
a lot of more copper transpose conductors, because the primary is at a 
much lower voltage level compared to the secondary. So as a 
consequence, the total amount of copper required in the transformer also 
increases. 
On the CTC side, we've already doubled our capacity and by January of 
25, we will further double it. So, it will be a 4x increase in the capacity of 
copper transpose conductors. Transformer oil, as this happens, there is 
more heat that's being generated, you need more transformer oil for 
cooling and the insulation requirements increase, so better quality oil 
required to manage this. 
If you come to the transmission line side, the evacuation of power is going 
to play a very important role. And you know, it's happening all over the 
world, but I'll spend a minute and explain it to you in terms of what's 
happening in India. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 110 
 
So, India works on a national grid, right? So, we have a grid that's a 
national grid and it connects into state grids, but really the concept you 
must have seen all over the place is one nation, one grid. What is the funda 
of this one nation, one grid? 
You should be able to generate power in Kashmir or in Assam or in 
Hyderabad and be able to draw that power in Cochin. You can put in 
power anywhere in the system, you can draw it anywhere, you know, from 
wherever you need, you pay wheeling charges and costs based on the 
movement of that power, just like in your telecom network. You can take a 
call in Tinsukia or you can take a call in Cochin or you can take a call in 
Srinagar. Right? There's a cost to be paid and as long as you pay the cost, 
it should happen. 
When all this power gets added and renewable energy is being added in 
a fully distributed manner, it's coming up all over the country, there is 
going to be a massive increase required in the transmission network if you 
want to follow this one country, one grid policy. So that's what is throwing 
all this up. You will have reconductoring solutions, you will have new lines 
getting added, a lot of substation increase taking place, so again 
transformer oil and CTC coming into the picture. 
On the infrastructure side, this is really highways, ports and other forms of 
infrastructure, bullet trains, etc., in which you have both cables and 
lubricants playing a role. Public transportation is undergoing again a 
metamorphosis. It is one of the largest forms of emission, whether it is your 
car, whether it's a truck, whether it's a diesel locomotive train. India has 
moved completely electric on the train side, 90% of the electrification 
program is pretty much completed. Our sense is that all the buses in cities 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 110 
 
and inter-city within a state will all move to being electric to cut emissions, 
much easier for government to control anything which requires a permit. 
Last will come EVs because electric passenger cars because it's a decision 
that people in this room need to take as individuals. The government can't 
force you beyond a point, but they can force a taxi operator, they can force 
a bus operator, and then of course the train service is anyway within their 
control. So here you've got cables, you've got electric vehicles, and we 
are hanging our hat more on buses because that's something, as I 
mentioned, will be regulated. 
And then you've got, of course, copper conductors coming in for this 
whole railway electrification and upgrading the current speed of railways. 
So, as you move into the Vande Bharats to get the full speed of Vande 
Bharat, as you get the bullet trains, we need to move from plain copper to 
alloy copper because you need to carry more current on that line to be 
able to drive the train speed faster. 
On the telecom side, as I mentioned, there is fibre optic, there's also 
interesting hybrid products and you know, there'll be more discussion on 
that. And then finally in this manufacturing China plus one, you're looking 
at transmission and distribution line expansion happening to power 
factories. You will have, obviously, lubricants as you bring in more 
machinery and more sophisticated machinery means more sophisticated 
lubricants. And then of course, every factory is filled with power cables. 
So, these are the six areas that we see, you know, the growth taking place. 
I'll spend just a minute on this chart because this is what I was talking about 
earlier. So, if you see how the energy consumption is growing, you will 
also see in here, you know, the light blue is solar, and you see how the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 110 
 
whole solar thing is growing. So, it's growing by 25 points from 40 to 65 
and if you see the dark blue, that's the onshore wind that's growing from 
20 to 40. 
So, if you see a huge portion of this addition that's happening, is 
happening basically from these two areas, there is also some increase 
which will happen in wind offshore, because you have countries like India, 
7000 plus kilometer coastline and not a single turbine. So, when you start 
running out of space on land, the only option is to go, you know, just 
offshore. And some parts of India, especially the entire east coast of India, 
Manish has a chart which he'll show later on in the presentation, has 
massive wind speed. So, this is where the whole transition will happen. 
Now if you go to the renewable energy side, this chart we had shown last 
year, I just want to reiterate on this, and we've added a bunch of pictures 
so you can visualize the products that go in. APAR is a very unique 
company, because if you look at the solar and wind chain from generation 
right down to the socket, say, you know, in an Oberoi Hotel or in your 
house, we basically have probably the largest number of products that run 
through the entire chain. 
So, we've got, you know, various types of cables on the generation side, 
we have substation products, then again you get into the transmission side, 
you have a step-down substation that comes after that, and then you have 
a plethora of various cables that go into the distribution side. This is where 
APAR is a really unique company, because those who are very large cable 
manufacturers don't do transformer oil, they don't do CTC. Those who are 
big conductor manufacturers are not necessarily doing a lot of cables. So, 
this is the unique, you know, sort of position that APAR has. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 110 
 
This is a little bit of a pictorial representation, so it just gives you a little 
idea in terms of what are we talking about. This Nacelle cable actually 
connects the wind turbine to the motor on top of a windmill. Then you have 
low voltage cables which evacuates from the windmill down to the 
substation. You've got a torsion cable, and then similarly you have also a 
tower cable that runs along the tower of a windmill. 
You've got various instrumentation control cables which manage all the 
panels and communication within the towers and panels. You have an 
earthing cable; you have a fire-resistant optical fibre cable for evacuating 
data and then of course LAN cables again for information. 
If you look at the transmission side, you've got transformer oil, you've got 
CTC conductors, you've got PICC conductors, all these three products go 
inside a transformer. Just for your information, transformer oils are around 
4% to 5% of the value of a transformer. CTC is almost 25% of the value of 
a transformer. 
So APAR's products target 30% of a transformer. Of course we have 
significantly higher market share in transformer oil, but our CTC side of the 
business, as I said, is also increasing to keep pace with this. There's been 
some legislative changes because of which you have to use CTC if you go 
to a 400 ampere, if a transformer emits more than 400 amperes of current, 
you've got to use a CTC. 
Then of course you've got the traditional overhead lines, you've got new 
generation, you've got OPGW, and then we have these turnkey solutions 
that we provide for reconductoring. And if you come to the distribution 
side, you've got Light-Duty Cables, you have FTTX cables. This ADSS cable 
is equivalent to an OPGW but in a distribution network, so it has a fibre 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 110 
 
optic core in the distribution network. Then you have this medium voltage 
covered conductors, transformer oil and of course new generation 
overhead conductors. 
If you come to the, this chart gives you an idea of where the world is going 
based on the previous chart that I'd shown you. And I think this is a little 
important, we can spend a minute on this. So, if you see, recent years is 
basically the base case is around 2020, about four years ago. So, the share 
of renewables was around 17% by 2030, this is a global number, it'll get 
to 35%, and by 2050 it is supposed to get to 82%. 
The last one gives you an idea of the progress in the world, we have not 
even hit the first quartile. So, you can see where we need to go in terms 
of additions if we have to get to the destination. Share of renewables today, 
it's 28%, it'll get to 68% by 2030 and then 91% by 2050. So, one is in 
terms of consumption, the other is in terms of generation. 
Then you have renewable power capacity additions, so finally what is this 
delta we are looking at? We are looking at almost 300 gigawatts a year in 
the world, almost 1000 gigawatts by 2030 and then maybe 1100 or so 
gigawatts by 2050. So, the acceleration is going to happen between now 
and 2030 and then it'll continue at that pace for the next 20 odd years. 
This is pretty much the prediction. 
If you come down to dollars, you are looking at about $486 million, so 
about $500 million dollars a year right now, going to $1.3 trillion and then 
up to $1.4 trillion by 2050. And then the investments needed particularly 
for power grids is about $275 billion, so today this is a typical thing that 
happens, you start putting money first in generation then you discover, oh 
my, transmission is not happening adequately, then the money goes into 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 110 
 
transmission and then you have distribution, that's the typical waterfall, we 
saw that in thermal, unfortunately people learn a little bit slowly, you'll see 
that happening again. 
If you go to the next slide, which is what is happening in India, so today 
the share of renewable and finally energy consumption is now getting 
closer to 40%, we are cleaning up our grid, just a few years ago we were 
at hardly 22%-23% and you see these massive projects, Khavda is going to 
be one of the largest solar generation sites in the world where you have 
three companies adding 10 gigawatts each, NTPC, the Reliance Group 
and the Adani Group and their plans are to add hundreds of gigawatts of 
renewable power. By 2030 it will get to about 50 odd percent and this 
works out to about almost 90 gigawatts annually in PV additions, it will 
grow to about 170 gigawatts. 
Wind, which was a little bit slow is catching up, 47 gigawatts to about 100 
gigawatts, there is a national policy that's just been released which may get 
upgraded where they are looking at upgrading the windmills, some of the 
best real estate for windmills has been occupied by windmills, it was set 
up 10-15 years ago, which are at 250 megawatt -- sorry 250 watt for one 
tower, today the minimum is 3 megawatt a single tower, so you can have 
significantly more power being generated on the same landmass, so that's 
another thing that's coming up. 
So that's pretty much what I wanted to give in terms of the overview, now 
Chaitanya will come here and take you through a much deeper dive on the 
execution of this whole process. Thank you very much. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Good morning, thank you, I'd like to present some of the important trends 
in the transmission and distribution segment. So on the back of the strong 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 110 
 
demand from renewables, what we are seeing is this interstate Indian 
transmission segment has seen very good demand and we expect that to 
continue, unlike the past where a lot of transmission lines used to originate 
from the eastern part of India to evacuate the coal-based thermal power 
plants, the new power transmission lines are being installed where the solar 
and wind big power plants are coming up. So, these are typically in the 
western part and the southern part of India and that is where the major new 
transmission lines are coming up. 
The point of this slide is to explain that India has seen a decent amount of 
growth already amongst the democratic countries, the ecosystem here is 
relatively good and also in terms of the regulatory clearances, the bidding 
process, financial closures, it's actually helping to execute on the ground 
much faster the various transmission lines. 
The current transformation capacity is 12.5 lakh MVA and the further 
projects will get it to about 17 lakhs MVA by 2030, which is about 35% 
increase, the overall transmission line length in the country is at present 
4,86,000 circuit kilometers and is likely to get to 5,35,000 circuit 
kilometers by 2030, so this is about 11%. 
In the old days, we used to have a ratio of 70% transmission investment, 
30% substation, now it's getting skewed more towards the substation and 
that is where this is almost 3x in terms of the transformation capacity 
increase. I'd like to mention that the type of renewable energy requirements 
for the consequent transmission line systems is to be designed with a lot 
more robustness to take care of the inherent capacity and also the surges 
which happened during the course of the day and the various planning 
authorities are actually working on giving the right type of solutions and 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 110 
 
hence the ratio of transmission to substations has changed now in favor of 
the substation investments. 
Another important trend we are seeing is urbanization and the increase in 
demand of electricity, the growing population and increasing standards of 
living, rapid transition to electricity from various forms of other energy 
sources as was explained by Kushal bhai. And also, the progressively less 
land being available especially in the semi-urban and urban areas with the 
associated difficulties of right of way is forcing the utilities to look at de-
bottlenecking the current transmission lines through advanced products. 
So not only are we seeing increase of the new lines, but also there's going 
to be reconductoring as an example of the existing base which is already 
at place. So, there will be two types of demands, new demand coming in 
for new products and substations as well as for the old lines and the old 
substations which need to be upgraded. 
From your school days you will recollect that power is basically voltage into 
current and the current is the one that is the low-hanging fruit to upgrade, 
to increase that. So, a lot of the products to increase are on the ampacity 
or current and here we see like the CTC which is used for the copper 
winding in the transformers or the high temperature low sag conductors 
which are used to replace the old lines to double the amount of power 
throughput. These are the type of products and solutions which are 
forthcoming nowadays. 
In addition to the power transmission there is an additional revenue 
possibility for the utilities and they are leasing out the Optical Fiber that 
they are putting in the form of OPGW and similarly there are other revenue 
models which are coming into place. So, this is another new trend. The 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 110 
 
reliability of data transfer through the overhead as opposed to 
underground is significantly better because there is very less risk of 
damage like digging or road repair work. 
Another phenomenon we are seeing in the Indian transmission system is 
that there is increasing flexibility which is coming in terms of the choice of 
products to be used to improve the economics, especially for the tariff-
based competitive bidding for the interstate with the amendment of the 
Electricity Act the developers are looking at the best value for money option 
and here as an example I have a part of the tender which is shown for the 
TBCB or the Tariff-Based Competitive Bidding which is that they give the 
option to use the traditional or conventional conductor of ACSR or alloy 
and nowadays another type of product called AL-59 which we are calling 
as a high efficiency conductor. So, this gives a better value proposition, it 
not only reduces the cost of the entire system because the weight of the 
product is less and hence the tower structure, the civil foundation, but all 
of that can also  be reduced. 
In addition to the TBCB which is in the interstate there is also the state 
intrastate work which is happening in terms of feeding the power to the 
urbanization area and reconductoring with the HTLS. So here there is a 
formula used to ascertain what are the line losses and the combination of 
the price of the product and the net present value of the recurring line 
losses is considered to figure out what is the best option. So, this is giving 
interesting opportunities to companies such as us to differentiate ourselves 
by innovating, bringing out new products. 
Some of these new products like HTLS require a different type of 
installation and here we are giving an end-to-end specialized turnkey 
solution and it is not everybody's cup of tea to build these R&D capabilities 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 110 
 
and have those resources to develop these end-to-end innovative solutions. 
This is also transforming the competitive landscape in the industry where 
the smaller players are actually closing down and the bigger ones are 
gaining a larger share of the markets and profits. Similarly on the 
distribution side we are seeing a number of changing trends. 
The various centrally aided schemes to strengthen the distribution network 
grid are for upgrading and adding a lot of new distribution lines both 
underground and overhead. The planning authorities have been carefully 
selecting different solutions for improving the reliability and longevity of 
the distribution networks and as an example I have the Gujarat state where 
there is a large coast and associated corrosion issues and also cyclone 
challenges. So, in this the authorities have been planning underground 
cables for the coastal area within 20 kilometers. 
 
Then they have another product called the covered conductor which is 
being preferred in the distance between 20 kilometers to 60 kilometers 
and then there's the bare conductors for beyond 60 kilometers from the 
coast. This type of improvised planning that we are seeing nowadays by 
the various authorities is beneficial because it will ultimately help get more 
revenue from paying consumers of electricity to get reliable good quality 
of power 365 days a year. The ongoing reforms through conditional 
support schemes like RDSS from the central government to the State 
Discoms will be ensuring that there is more revenue. 
 
We expect with implementation of smart metering the billing and 
collections will improve significantly and there should be less theft and 
leakages in the times to come. Further with cheaper solar power being 
used to supply to the agricultural sector, the subsidy burden on the states 
is likely to reduce. More pressure will be there to supply uninterrupted 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 110 
 
power at our doorsteps and also for some of us who have seen power cuts 
in our childhood days at home and even today we see painful unplanned 
power outages in our factories. 
 
We'll see and actually we have been forced to run on DG sets. We will see 
a much-improved dependable power supply scenario in the near future 
with all these various investments which are coming in the right type of 
products. Also, with increased need for last mile power connectivity for 
greenfield and brownfield expansions by the private sector, the industry 
will be funding the power infrastructure although this is technically owned 
by the Discom. 
 
So, on one hand the Discom will not be putting in capex but on the other 
hand it will get some share of the revenue. So overall we expect to see 
increased consumption of grid power and reduced DG set usage. The state 
utilities are likely to get into a positive cycle and the structural problems 
will get resolved to a large extent, ultimately enabling more spend on 
capex. 
 
In conclusion, all these various trends in the transmission and distribution 
industry are likely to help continue the existing trend of significant demand 
not only in terms of volumes but also higher end solutions to meet the 
planning authorities and consumers requirements. There is a clear visibility 
of growth in the Indian T&D industry for the short term, medium term and 
long term. There is also a changing competitive landscape. 
 
The bigger players are gaining on market share and also profit share 
relative to the smaller players who are unable to invest in developing new 
products and solutions. With tougher measures imposed on quality control 
for Central Government Schemes, the possibility to cut corners on quality 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 110 
 
by the small-scale players is also reducing. The global scenario is similar 
to that of India's with regard to renewables driving the energy transition 
and increasing the demand for building blocks used in the power 
generation, transmission and distribution segments. 
 
At APAR, we are investing in getting ourselves future ready. We have been 
investing in capex to increase our capacity and fungibility to improve our 
capability to cater to improved range of products and technical 
requirements. At the core of APAR's manufacturing excellence is a 
commitment to operational superiority, aligning people, processes, 
technologies and resources to enable production and quality. 
 
Capex investments for the last four years has been INR764 crores for 
expanding our capacities across our 10 manufacturing facilities. We are 
also introducing a number of innovative products to meet rising demand 
and providing customers tomorrow's solutions today. The company is 
adopting industry 4.0 technologies including IoT and smart factory 
solutions. We are modernizing our manufacturing processes. Also, we are 
utilizing advanced systems like SCADA and Pigging for improved 
efficiency and waste reduction. This strategic focus on continuous 
improvement driven by Six Sigma and Kaizen principles will allow APAR 
to optimize costs, enhance product features and consistently exceed 
customer expectations. Through these initiatives, APAR is building its 
position, leading innovation and sustainability in its core industries. 
I would like to also mention on ESG we are doing a fair amount because 
especially in Europe we are already seeing that the various customers there 
are considering this as one of the important components in their decision 
making in the entire calculation. Like in the case of the HTLS where the line 
losses are incorporated, we are seeing in some of the European customers 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 110 
 
they are also having a very significant portion in their calculation of the bid 
to be about the carbon dioxide emitted in the supply from our side. 
 
So, with this I will now pass it on to my colleagues who will go into much 
more detail on the various action points that we've talked about. And I'll 
invite Mr Manish Agarwal to go next. Thank you. 
 
Manish is joining from the US, so he's online. 
Manish Agarwal: 
So good morning, everyone. Just to introduce myself, I'm Manish Agarwal, 
CEO, Conductor and Telecommunication Business and I take care of APAR 
T&D Projects Private Limited as an MD. 
 
Prior to joining APAR Industries, I held the position of CEO and Whole-
Time Director at Sterlite Power Transmission Limited where I led the 
company's global product and services business. It's been just two months 
since I have joined APAR Industries. Today I wish I were with you all in 
person as I speak with you from the US and thank you CMD and MD for 
setting up the tone. 
 
With this, let us dive into the presentation of mine. Though the CMD and 
MD have given many details what's happening into the Indian and global 
arena, I will take up a few things more on the same site, how demand is 
going in India and globally. So, first of all, let's talk about some of the 
mega trends that are driving electricity demand in India. 
 
So, I'll take five points, four are on this slide and fifth one is coming in the 
next slide. So, number one is India GDP. So Indian economy is 
demonstrating resilience in the face of geopolitical challenges. It is 
estimated to have grown 8.2% in FY '24, reaching 3.5 trillion, setting the 
state for achieving the $5 trillion target. There's an orbital shift from 10th 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 110 
 
largest economy 10 years ago. The demand is tightly interwined with the 
nation's aspiration to become third largest economy. 
 
While India's per capita energy consumption, which is roughly around 
1300 units, is below the global average, which is about 3000 units, the 
economic development shall spur the electricity demand. By 2030, it is 
projected to reach approximately 1800-kilowatt hour to 2000-kilowatt hour 
per year, as per various estimates, including that of Central Electricity 
Authority, which is CEA. There is a need for decarbonization of economy, 
which is another demand accelerator, if you see on the right top. 
 
India's hydrogen mission is a prime example to the need for RE to produce 
green hydrogen, the integration of hydrogen in industrial and 
transportation sectors, and the role of hydrogen in energy storage and grid 
management. As the mission progresses, it is expected to significantly 
boost electricity demand, particularly from the renewable sources. Down 
below, you see the EV part. 
 
Government is keen to shift the narrative towards EVs with the vision of 
30% EVs adoption by 2030. Increasing percentage of the population 
moving into cities, as per World Bank, 40% of country's population will be 
in urban areas, up from 31% in 2011, as per the last census. So, these 
mega trends collectively shape electricity demand, driving the need for 
more capacity and obviously robust grid infrastructure. 
 
Can we move to next slide, where I will talk the fifth one, which is around 
the climate change, climate action. Yes, thank you. So here you see that 
climate change will accelerate investment in RE and power grids. So, if you 
see on the left side, there's a chart of IEA. So, if you see, undoubtedly, 
climate action will accelerate investment in RE and Power Grids. As per 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 110 
 
International Energy Agency's net zero scenario, 4.5 trillion investment is 
needed in clean energy, majorly into the clean electrification. A 2.5x 
increase from current levels in the given scenario. India's climate 
commitments have a significant impact on the country's electricity demand 
and energy strategy. In COP26, India presented the five nectar elements, 
the panchamitra of India's climate action. 
 
I'll mention all five. Number one was committed to reducing emissions 
intensity with respect to 2005 of its GDP by 45% by 2030. Second being 
reduction of 1 billion ton of carbon emission from 2022 to 2030. Third, 
non-fossil capacity to 500 gigawatt, which I'll talk, you know, soon. Fourth, 
meet 50% of its energy requirements from renewable energy by 2030. 
And last one is Net Zero by 2070. 
 
Despite a low per capita income, India has a steep climate commitment 
and is striving for a green transition. And if you see down below on the 
right, setting up the context with the number, USD30 billion is in estimated 
investments by 2030 to integrate 500 gigawatt of non-fossil energy into the 
grid. That's adding 50,890 circuit kilometer of transmission line, nearly 4 
lakh MVA substation capacity at just the ISTS level, Interstate Transmission 
System Level. 
 
Transmission has to match the RE capacity addition speeds. Hence, these 
transmission projects need to come online by 2028-29. As you know that 
gestation period in India for transmission line is two to three years at least. 
 
So, if you have to achieve that 500 gigawatt, you must finish all this 
transmission lines by 2028-29. Let's move to the massive infrastructure 
push presenting multi-year opportunity where our CMD did talk about some 
of the offshore wind part. So, if you see on the left, it is trajectory of 37 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 110 
 
gigawatt and the offshore wind zones chosen by MNRE which is in Gujarat 
and Tamil Nadu. 
 
So, Gujarat, it's towards off Gujarat coast and Gulf of Khambhat. And in 
Tamil Nadu, towards Gulf of Mannar and off Tamil Nadu coast, which are 
identified as high wind energy zones. So, India's massive infrastructure 
push represents a multi-year opportunity across various sectors driven by 
the need to support economic growth, energy security, enhance 
connectivity and meet climate commitments. 
 
A few snippets as I talked to you about one is the 37 gigawatts. And if I 
have to add something further, just three, four months back, union cabinet 
chaired by our Honorable PM approved the VGF, the scheme for offshore 
wind energy projects at a total outlay of INR7,500 crore approx, including 
an outlay of INR6,853 crore for installation and commissioning of 1 
gigawatt of offshore wind energy projects, which is about 500 megawatt 
each of the coast of Gujarat and Tamil Nadu and grant of INR600 crore 
for upgradation of the two ports. So, this has recently happened, which is, 
you know, these projects will slowly come, you know, over a period of 
time. On the right, you see something more is happening. 
 
India is building a couple of large HVDC projects, mega transmission 
highways in the form of HVDC are under planning and bidding as we 
speak. And some of them have been listed. Distribution, Discom 
upgradation and modernization, which is RDSS, Revamped Distribution 
Sector Scheme. 
 
This is a capping investment for the distribution upgradation. Last one you 
see is around one world, one sun, one grid, a truly global grid represents 
a monumental shift in how the world could generate, share and consume 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 110 
 
energy. Its implementation will drive significant demand for a wide range 
of equipment and solution from HVDC transmission lines to smart grid 
technologies and RE stations. 
 
So in between you see a point around railways, you know, so Government 
of India has allocated about INR2.6 lakh crore budget for upgrading and 
modernizing the Indian railways in 2024, which our CMD mentioned 
initially. So, this is our diverse portfolio. I know CMD and MD both showed, 
what the portfolio of our industry is limited as a company we have. 
 
I am now talking about just the conductor business, what all we carry, all 
kinds of products. So, as you heard the mission that at APAR Industries, 
we have always been guided by a simple yet powerful mission to design 
and manufacture building blocks for energy infrastructure, transportation, 
telecommunication sector that contribute meaningfully to make this world 
a more energy efficient, environmentally sustainable and safer place. The 
mission is central to our strategies. 
Consequently, APAR offers a diverse range of products, not only into 
transmission, but also into distribution, also into railway segment. If you 
see, we have conventional conductors, high efficiency conductors such as 
AL-59, which our MD just spoke about, high temperature low sag 
conductors, medium voltage covered conductor, also high efficiency 
covered conductor. These are the end products used in the T&D industry. 
If in between you see down below CTC and PICC conductors, which are 
integral to transformer manufacturing, ensuring optimal performance and 
longevity. OPGW, which is optical ground wire application extend across 
the power grid management, telecommunication, renewable energy 
integration and smart infrastructure. We also, on the bottom left, you see -

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 110 
 
- sorry, right, you see turnkey, specialized turnkey solution, which we 
provide as a company, managing the entire process from conceptualization 
and design to the erection, even in the most challenging terrains. 
Can we move to next slide, please? Interesting slide, this shows 
transformation journey of APAR conductors, right from 1958 to 2023. So, 
APAR Industries has transcended in its humble beginnings to become a 
global powerhouse. Conductor business of APAR has been the 
cornerstone of its operations, undergoing significant growth over the 
years. Rooted in entrepreneurship, the company has expanded into several 
product and solution, if you see from the left to the right offering, which is 
around high-efficiency conductors, high temperature low sag conductors, 
various types of elements. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
If there is a connectivity issue or... 
Manish Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
We lost you in between. Manishji?  
Manish Agarwal: 
Sorry. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes, you are at the various type of aluminium and aluminium alloy rods. 
Manish Agarwal: 
Sure. After that, I was saying that, as I said in my last slide, the company 
has also ventured into a specialized turnkey solutions for the T&D industry, 
which I'll elaborate further into my slides. Can we move to next slide, 
please? 
So, this tells about the location of our plants. On the right side, mostly you 
see all the conductor facilities. So, APAR is one of the largest global 
manufacturers of conductors. INR512 crores of strategic capex was 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 110 
 
undertaken from 2017 to 2024 to expand capabilities, increasing 
production capacity, improving productivity, reducing cost, ESG, R&D and 
adding capacity to manufacture, test and install high value-added products. 
That's been our focus. Last financial year, the company acquired two 
factories in Silvassa. 
At the core of APAR's manufacturing excellence is a commitment to 
operational superiority, aligning people, process, technologies and 
resources to enhance production and quality. The capacity addition plan, 
which is listed below, the copper busbar, we will go from 100% to 166% 
if I compare the level from 23 to 25. CTC/PICC will be almost double, and 
then we have further planned to increase the same. 
AL-59 and alloy conductors, which will be about 200%, which includes 
new capex in Khanvel, and repurposing of machines in our Odisha facility. 
Today, utilization overall is hovering at 90% across all plants that we are 
making.  
Next slide please. I'll be talking about now convention and HEC conductors 
in brief. First, this is about ACSR, alloy conductors, AL-59, which is HEC 
conductors. So base is our estimate. India contributes nearly 20% to 25% 
of the global demand, if I exclude China, Japan and Korea. This market 
geography is poised to grow at a CAGR of 8% to 10% in the next few years. 
If you see on the right, as per CEA transmission plan of 500 gigawatt are 
integration, as I said before, 51,000 circuit kilometer and 4 lakh MVA 
substation capacity to be added by 2030. Please be informed that 66% of 
transmission line requirement in this plan is 765 kV and HVDC, which has 
not happened before. So, if you see down below, our leadership and 
competitive edge advantages. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 110 
 
And also, we have been manufacturing since 1958, developed a strong 
expertise and rich experience. We have been largest supplier for different 
types of conductors. We have supplied to most of the top EPCs and utilities 
worldwide. We have been exporting to 100 plus countries. We have very 
strong design capability, focus is immense on in-house R&D, and our 
export mix in total conductor division has stood about 45% in the last 
financial year. Key markets are mentioned below, which is Americas, 
Europe, Middle East, Africa and Australia.  
HTLS conductor, that's another very, very important product that we make 
and offer and we have the leadership. So, these conductors' demand is 
driven by the need for increased transmission capacities, infrastructure 
upgrades, resilience to climate variability and the integration of renewable 
energy resources. HTLS conductors offer significant advantage in terms of 
performance and efficiency, making them a key component in 
modernization of power grids and pursuit of sustainable energy goals. 
If you see below, APAR has excellent credentials on this account. APAR's 
presence in HTLS so far has been 50,000 kilometers of high temperature 
low sag conductors supplied in domestic and export market, which is about 
35,000-plus kilometers, which is operational and working satisfactorily. 
140-plus reconductoring projects we have done in India. This is about close 
to -- approximately close to 4,000 circuit kilometers.  
We had done not only transmission, but distribution reconductoring 
projects and as we go forward, there would be much, much market 
creation happening around this distribution sector for reconductoring. So 
far, we have done 150-plus circuit kilometers in Goa, West Bengal and 
Odisha. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 110 
 
We have also done reconductoring projects about 200-plus circuit 
kilometers with ACCC in Nepal and Bangladesh, which is unique to APAR. 
And we have done quite a few prestigious reconductoring projects, about 
800-plus circuit kilometers with GAP technology for power grid and other 
utilities. And we have had tie-up with CTC Global, USA, which is healthy 
and growing year-on-year. 
Next one is optical ground wire, very important product. It goes above the 
transmission line. It is dual-functioning cable. Its ability to combine 
grounding as well as high-speed optical fiber communication in a single 
component, it makes it an essential element in modernizing and expanding 
both power and communication systems. APAR has developed expertise, 
technical expertise in fiber optic cables, proven its capability in 
manufacture of energy-efficient bare overhead power conductors. 
APAR has integrated these core strengths in its comprehensive OPGW 
solution that includes what I said is optical fiber composite ground wire 
and related hardware. Very interesting to share that we have designed, 
manufactured and tested optical phase conductor cables, which is OPPC 
for 33 kV and 66 kV transmission lines. Very soon, we will be doing end-
to-end pilot turnkey job, and we'll commercialize this offering in the next 
few months. 
Next slide, please. Next category we have is aluminium speciality alloy rods 
and wires. So, this we have been manufacturing electrical grade, 
mechanical grade, welding grade, high-conductivity and high temperature 
resistant rods and wires, which is TAL, STAL, super-thermal alloy you call 
XTAL. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 110 
 
And the industries we cater to are the cable industries, fitting and 
accessories, which is hardware, fastener, wire mesh industries. So, this has 
also been growing business, and not only in the country we supply, we 
have been the largest exporter of these products.  
Next category is railway overhead conductors. The picture shows you what 
all goes in electrifying the train. So, if you see the contact wire below in 
middle of the picture, and then there's a capillary wire on the top. So, by 
2025, the Indian Railways expect to achieve 100% electrification of its 
broad gauge. 
This is in line with the sector's target to become the largest rail network 
with zero carbon emission by 2030. While India is ahead in the 
electrification drive, efforts are needed in other parts of the world to meet 
the net zero requirements, and that is US, UK, Europe. These present 
opportunities for APAR have come true. 
Furthermore, India's metro system plan is a cornerstone of the country's 
urban infrastructure development. Therefore, India is on track to become 
the world's second largest metro system, surpassing Japan, Korea and the 
US. More than 20 Indian cities consist of metro systems with around 870 
kilometers of track, operational and additional 1,040 kilometers are under 
construction. 
As CMD pointed out, railways are planning to increase the capacity on 
many of the existing corridors for increasing the speed of the trains. So, as 
you see on the numbers, we have the number one, we have largest market 
share, and we have a very good track record on the supply, and very 
important is we have also developed special conductors for high speed 
and bullet trains.  

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 110 
 
Next slide, please. Next category is the continuous transposed conductor 
and/or paper insulated copper conductors. So, CTC is the most used for 
windings on power transformers. It consists of a group of enamelled 
rectangular wires that you see in the picture, usually with polyvinyl formal 
PVF enamel, which are transposed to create a kind of rectangular strand. 
The bundle of strips can be wrapped and insulated with tapes, generally in 
pure cellulose paper. Our CTC and PICC conductors are integral to 
transformer manufacturing, ensuring optimal performance and longevity. 
APAR is today a prime supplier to transformer manufacturing industry in 
the country, and we have also started exports to select countries and the 
target is to increase number of countries as we go forward. 
A very important information, you know, if you can go back, please. So, 
while it's not mentioned, I just wanted to highlight that Central Electricity 
Authority, CEA, recently issued advisory for usage of CTC as main winding 
for rated current of 400 amperes or more. So, this is very, very important 
move by the Ministry of Power, which is CEA, which they have released 
this advisory that, you know, the companies should use CTC as main 
winding for 400 amps or more. 
Next slide, please. So, we also manufacture copper rods, wires and 
busbars and strips. So, we are targeting the industries, as it's mentioned, 
switchgear industry, electrical panel industry, and electrical substation. And 
as you heard before, we are increasing this capacity to about 166% from 
2023 due to increased demand in the sector. These capacities will be 
operational in the next two months' time.  
Next slide. An interesting slide, the uprate, which I think our CMD and MD 
did talk about, so I'll come to the chart shortly. So just for information, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 110 
 
replacing conventional transmission line with advanced conductors could 
sharply increase transmission capacity, and at a fraction of the cost of new 
power lines, reconductoring offers a new paradigm.  
As new build lines are planned, permitted and constructed to meet long-
term system needs, large-scale reconductoring can unlock renewables near 
the existing network and contribute to rapid and cost-effective grid 
decarbonization.  
As depicted in the chart, the uprate solution, this specialized turnkey 
solution what we call, is course over new transmission line on multiple 
parameters you see, which is capacity increased by maximizing 
transmission in given corridor, capital deployment at lowest cost of 
ownership, development speed, including permitting ROW, keeping pace 
with the generation, minimum land use, ROW completion dictated by the 
weakest link, lowest carbon footprint to build transmission infrastructure. 
So, these are the highlights of this uprate. 
It is very interesting to see on the right side that APAR has completed almost 
165-plus turnkey solution reconductoring project, installing about close to 
about 4,500-plus circuit loaders since the start of SUS-turnkey business. 
45-plus T&D lines comprise of 2,000-plus circuit loaders under installation 
as we speak. We have invested adequately in special tools, tackles, 
tensioner and pullers, special training for manpower for specialized 
projects, and also the safety supervisors for every project. 
Next one, please. So, within our specialized turnkey business that we have 
been talking, these are the things that we offer and do. Not only you see 
the transmission, but also, we are into distribution. We do optical ground 
wire live line installation on the transmission lines, and along with that, we 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 33 of 110 
 
do the active equipments and substation telecom equipment. We do 
substation augmentation work. Very interesting on the top right is we also 
are into turnkey for medium voltage covered conductor. 
We have high efficiency covered conductors as well. So, this is very, very 
important product, and we are doing three jobs as we speak and we hope 
to complete these projects within this year and some by middle of next 
year. So, these MVCC solutions are designed to improve safety, increase 
lifespan, and reduced upkeep of line, lower risk of outage, vegetation and 
wildlife protection, and many more. 
These conductors are used in a variety of electrical power distribution 
scenarios, and the four highlights would be reduced the possibility of 
unintentional contact with the live parts in urban and suburban settings, 
coastal and harsh environments, areas with vegetation, and high-altitude 
installation. So that's on this slide, which talks about a specialized turnkey 
solution that we have -- we offer as a company.  
Coming to our power laboratory, this is about testing and research center. 
So, we have -- on the left, you see that we have advanced testing and 
research facility compliant to all the national and international standards, 
let it be IEC 738, IEEE 1138, IEEE 524. And the examples, there are four 
examples: heating and cooling curve versus ampacity, emissivity versus 
ampacity, creepage at different loading, sheave sizes versus conductor 
deformation. We have a fully equipped laboratory accredited with ISO 
17025-2017, recognized by GOI. 
So currently, on the right, you see there are specific areas in which R&D 
is being carried out by the company. One product is around alloys, 
4,000/5,000 series of alloys. Second is extra high conductivity alloys for 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 34 of 110 
 
superior grade conductor. Third one you see is mega strength galvanized 
core wire for gap type and ACSS conductor. These are HTLS conductor 
for superior design and competitiveness.  
As I spoke to you about OPPC, so we have done design manufacturing 
testing. As I said, we are soon going to do a pilot project and then 
commercialize the complete end-to-end offering. Trials for a coating line 
involving coated conductor, this is also highlight. We are doing various 
trials to move to a coated conductor and this will be having many 
advantages in terms of lower losses vis-a-vis the current SGLS or normal 
conductor. 
 
Next slide, please. So, this is our extensive global presence which is 
driving the exports. So, we have had been serving our loyal customers to 
100-plus countries spanning six decades. And as I said before, during 
2023-24 last year, this ratio of domestic export was 45-55, where premium 
products accounted for almost 45% of the business's total revenue. Next 
slide, please. Let me talk about some of the competitive advantage that 
APAR Industries Limited Conductor Division carries. 
 
We have global leadership with six-plus decades of experience. We have 
had technology tie-up for advanced products and we are trying to do a 
couple of more within next couple of quarters. We have large capacities, 
wide range of product offerings, catering to both, as I said, transmission 
and distribution. 
 
Raw material supply security with access to molten metal which MD did talk 
about. Quality customers and global approvals, the top-notch utilities, 
EPCs, developers and OEMs. We have had best of customer mindshare 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 35 of 110 
 
and grant recall. We have a very good financial ability to cater to the bank 
guarantee and working capital requirements of this business. 
 
And we have leadership in a specialized turnkey solution in the T&D 
segment which I talked to you about, which is around HTLS, OPGW and 
MVCC. So, we have done remarkably well. This talks about our new 
product development journey while the first point talks about the expansion 
which I did talk about. 
 
The second is coated conductor. As I said, it is under trials and it reduces 
the line losses, improves the life especially in polluted and coastal areas, 
increases the capacity of the conductor. So, we are doing trials and we 
hope to have a final product very soon. 
 
Emergency restoration and MVCC. So, we have developed reconductoring 
with HTLS using ERS in some of the projects. So, we have developed this 
as an added solution. As I discussed, we are doing a couple of turnkey 
jobs for MVCC and as we go ahead, we are further, our cable division is 
developing a further enhanced MVCC which is high efficiency covered 
conductors that we will take up with our customers in order to offer them a 
far better, superior solution along with the turnkey. 
 
And the last one is we are doing a pilot project of our ACCC or Aluminum 
Carbon Composite Core Conductor where it will have optical fiber 
embedded in the core and this is a new version of, new avatar of ACCC 
and we are doing a pilot project, hope to finish in the next few months. So 
last one which is way forward for this business. So, as we have seen, India 
is shining where there's a strong domestic demand. So, we would like to 
maintain the leadership and market share in core segments. On the global 
market side, we will increase the market access. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 36 of 110 
 
 
We will have approvals with a couple of more utilities, global utilities, 
global EPCs into the targeted market. That will be another focus area. On 
the business side, the very, very important would be on time and full 
execution of capex program that we have taken. We will amplify our efforts 
on high value products. We will sharpen focus on productivity 
improvement, which is very, very important, both manufacturing and 
project execution leading to obviously the cost leadership. And last one 
around operations which is the execution muscle. 
 
I have been talking about specialized turnkey business. So how do we build 
this muscle further and doing all these projects? Reinforce the safety 
culture, which is very, very important to our company and the customers. 
Upskill the talent and continue to invest time and resources further on new 
product development. Some of the initiatives I did for this year and create 
much more technology partnerships. So, these would be some of the 
initiatives as we go forward. Thank you very much. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Thank you. May I request our next colleague, Mr. Shashi Amin to please 
come and speak about the cable solutions. Thank you. 
Shashi Amin: 
Good morning, friends. I would like to take you through the journey of the 
cable solution division. We came into existence or I would say cable 
division came into existence in the year 2008 when APAR acquired a 
company called Uniflex Limited with a turnover of roughly about INR100 
plus crores and a bottom line negative. 
 
And in last 15 to 16 years, we have come a long, long, long way. Our 
Chairman Kushal bhai had set the tone followed by Mr. Chaitanya where 
he mentioned that we are a global player. Even in cable solutions, we treat 
ourselves as a global player. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 37 of 110 
 
 
In the financial year FY 22-23, 51% of the cables produced in our factory 
was sold in the global market. In the financial year 23-24, it came down 
slightly because of the de-inventorization which happened in US. 
Specifically, we saw that US requirement came down. 
 
So, our percentage of international business came down to slightly less 
than 40%. But this year, we are on track as far as the global market is 
concerned. And I'm happy to say that we compete with global players like 
Prysmian, Nexans, Southwire of the world and a massive footprint of APAR 
in US market. 
 
Europe, especially Italy, Spain. Now, we have got a place in UK market. In 
Southern America, yes, we are in Brazil, Peru, Chile. We do a big-time 
business in Australia and even in India. I will take you through the journey, 
what we are trying to do as far as the cable solution is concerned. We are 
not the market leaders as we are in conductors as far as cable is concerned. 
 
Probably we are number six in the country as far as turnover is concerned. 
But yes, we have an aim and ambition to be in the top three cable 
companies in India. So, we are pioneering cable solution. 
 
If you look at it, we've got five electron beam facility where with this kind 
of technology, we produce our house wire, Anushakti wires. We produce 
railway cables which goes into the locomotives. We also produce cables 
which goes into defence. 
 
We also produce cables which goes into solar. With five electron beam 
facility, we are currently the largest player in the e-beam segment. We are 
leaders in solar and wind. Wind probably it would be about 65% to 70% 
or maybe 75%-80% market share. But solar, yes, with the market share of 
20%-25%, we are the market leaders. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 38 of 110 
 
 
As Mr. Manish mentioned about MVCC, it is a medium voltage covered 
conductor. If you see or if you heard, most of the forests are burnt out 
because of fire. A lot of these cables are the bare conductor which goes 
into the forest. The moment the tree falls on the conductor, it gets stripped 
and a spark is generated at that point of time because of which the forest 
is under fire. 
 
At the same time, in places where the terrains are very bad and even the 
snowfall is very high, medium voltage covered conductors are being used. 
We were the first Indian cable company to come out with this product 
about four-five years back. Like we said, Anushakti Cables, we were the 
company which introduced this product. 
 
We had a tagline saying that is tar ki shakti apar. Competition also felt that 
the power of this argument is truly immense and much greater. Therefore, 
competition has also come into electron beam house wires. Polycab RR has 
launched this house wires in Kerala. Finolex is yet to launch, expected to 
launch in next few months. So likewise in medium voltage covered 
conductor, it's a high-tech product. 
 
Competition has really caught up and some of our friends in the cable 
industry have introduced this product. But we are one step ahead. We are 
trying to do research in this product and soon we would be launching a 
high-tech product which is far far superior to what we are currently doing. 
 
We are the trusted partners as far as defence is concerned. INS Vikrant, 
INS Virat, we were the major suppliers. Currently we are working with a 
couple of submarine projects for Indian Navy. So, this is where we are. If 
you look at the product range, I think we are the only company in India 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 39 of 110 
 
who's got this kind of product range. I think most of the competition would 
not have the kind of product range what we have. 
 
Like your low voltage, medium voltage and control cables everybody 
makes. Medium voltage covered conductor, we were the first company to 
introduce and now there are about four, five companies who are into this 
business and they are still struggling to develop the kind of product what 
we are manufacturing. Then we have this concentric core anti-theft cables. 
 
Again, very few companies in the world manufacture this. If you look at the 
last line, fire survival cable, this cable is being produced by many cable 
companies in India. But APAR is the only company who's developed cable 
which can sustain a temperature of 1,050 degree centigrade. 
 
That means in the event of a fire, this particular cable can sustain a 
temperature of 1,050 degree centigrade and nothing will happen to the 
integrity of the cable. That means whatever current a cable should carry 
will carry those current at least for three hours at a temperature of 1,050 
degree centigrade and these cables are used in Australia. We supplied 
these cables into Sydney Metro and Westgate tunnel project. 
 
We are discussing with the railway authorities. We have in the advanced 
stage of discussion for Melbourne Metro and Brisbane Metro with the 
Olympics coming in Brisbane in the next seven, eight years time. There are 
a lot of developments happening in Brisbane and as far as we are 
concerned from India, we are the largest supplier of solar projects into 
Australia. 
 
We are the largest supplier of cables from India to solar projects in US. I 
am supplying as Kushalbhai mentioned about the Nacelle cables, torsion 
cables and various auxiliary cables in the windmill. We are supplying these 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 40 of 110 
 
cables to various wind companies or windmill manufacturers in US and 
Europe. 
 
House wires I mentioned, we are focusing mainly on electron beam house 
wires and three unique products what I normally talk about or we talk about 
is it is a melt resistant wire. It can carry at least 50% more current and the 
life of this product is more than 50 years. So, we have gone into the market 
with three unique proposition to the customers and I'm happy to say about 
6,000 odd retailers in India are selling this product. 
 
It's an expensive product so we are present in the A class retail counters. 
These are some of the unique products which I wanted to speak about. Rest 
of the products I think most of the people do manufacture. We are the 
company which has got largest UL approval. Without UL approval you 
cannot sell cables in US market. We've got about 14 such approvals. 
 
Recently we've got an approval for medium voltage cables. We are in PV 
cables, wind cables, building wires, irrigation cables, the whole lot of 
range what we can produce and also, we are actively involved in cable 
harness. When we have this tagline of cable solutions, we go a step ahead. 
Like your solar cables, we started promoting solar harness. We are doing 
wind harness. All this tower what we see in the wind, we supply cables with 
connectors. 
 
They just need to plug it out at the site. Railway cables are with harness and 
recent entrant for us is in the data centre projects. We did pick up a job 
for Amazon. We did two jobs for Amazon. We did a job for Microsoft data 
centres. Recently we backed an order from Adani data centre. 
 
Our focus is there in the data centre business too. If you look at the cable 
business of ours in last five years, we have grown at about 25% CAGR in 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 41 of 110 
 
the last five years. In FY20 it was INR1,600 crores, FY24 about INR3,900 
crores and we intend to grow at a CAGR of 25% in the next five years. 
 
So, this business of INR3,800 crore, if we grow at a reasonable CAGR 
about 25%, we should reach a INR10,000 crores cable company in the 
next five years. If you look at the competition, on an average the top few 
cable companies have grown at about 20% except one company which has 
grown at around 26%, but we are the fastest growing company in the cable 
industry. So, I would just like to speak to you about the market in India. 
 
I would speak about the market in US and I would speak about the market 
in Europe. Indian cable and wire market is around INR70,000 to 
INR75,000 crores. Around 35% of the cables are sold in the real estate. 
 
That means your house wires, building wires, whatever buildings are 
coming up and the way the building segment is growing, this particular 
segment would grow in a big way. Real estate is around 25%, power 
distribution is around 15%, your industry is around 10%. If you look at, if I 
focus on this three alone, vertical, I think we are talking of 60% of business 
happening in these three verticals. 
 
So, what we have done in APAR, in last few years we had a structure of 
regional manager and the branch manager or the state manager. We 
moved away from that and we formed verticals. So currently we have in 
this financial year, we have broken down our structure. 
 
So, we have a vertical for solar, we have a vertical for wind, power, T&D, 
infra. Like when we did this verticalisation, if you see, we are talking of a 
290 gigawatt of solar capacity which is likely to go up by 2030 from 85 
gigawatt. Wind from 45 gigawatt to 100 gigawatt. Our chairman 
mentioned about offshore wind, 7,000 kilometres of coastline, but yes, we 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 42 of 110 
 
are not there in India in offshore, but government is seriously thinking of 
putting up an offshore wind and once that happens, probably this should 
also go up. 
 
Government has come out with 3 lakh crores RDSS scheme, a big-time 
investment into transmission and distribution, mainly into distribution, and 
with the PLI scheme, we think that the industry also would grow in the next 
few years' time. Defence, government is talking of big investment, about 
INR21,000 crores of investment in 2024, like target is about INR50,000 
crores of investment by 2029. 
 
Railways, yes, happy to say that. More than 90% of the cables in Vande 
Bharat have been supplied by us and there are about 40 odd trains which 
are applying and we are the major players as far as Vande Bharat is 
concerned. We mentioned about PLI scheme, the focus would be on 
electrical and machinery industries like your TBM, Tunnel Boring Machine 
requires cables, your cable reeling drums require cables, elevators, stacker 
reclaimers, so our focus will go more into that and also auto cables and EV 
charging. 
 
So our focus will be there on this 8 pillars what I am talking about and we 
see a big growth and we have a strength here and wherever we do not 
have strength as far as 8 pillars are concerned, we are adding on 
manpower, we are adding on team, we are educating our team to focus 
more on this segment and we do see lot of opportunities for us when we 
talk about a growth of INR210,000 crores, a growth of 25% CAGR year. 
 
We also formed a vertical called B2B channel, we were mainly into 
institutional, some of our competition have got distributors when it comes 
to cables, about some of the companies 60% to 70%, 75% of the cables 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 43 of 110 
 
are sold through dealers, wholesalers or distributors, so we have formed a 
team now, so our plan is we should have a presence in about 30 cities, 
looking at about 50 odd distributors in those 30 cities and doing a business 
of INR1,000 crores in next few years' time. Coming to B2C where we were 
there in this business selling house wire into the retail. So, we had this 
vertical called light duty cables, we separated that and we created a B2C 
and B2B channel. 
Currently we are there in about 181 districts, we have got a presence of 
339 distributors, retailer presence about 60,000 retailers, as I said our 
product is bit expensive, so our focus is mainly on A class retailers in the 
towns where we are present. Active presence in 18 states, number of 
electricians about a lakh, we do lot of demonstration to the individual 
buildings or the builders, we do lot of them, we do electrician meet, nukad 
and meet and currently we are, this business is around INR250 crores to 
INR300 crores for us and in next 5 years' time this business will go to 
about INR1,000 crores.  
Now coming to the global wire and cable market, I spoke about INR75,000 
crores as Indian market. Globally the cable and wire market are about 210 
to USD220 billion  which is likely to grow at CAGR about 5% to 6%, US is 
around USD45 to 50 billion, Europe is around USD40 to USD50 and rest 
of the world is around USD120 billion. So, 50% of the business for cables 
and wire is present in US, Europe and India and balance 50% is in the rest 
of the world.  
So, there is enough room for us to grow in this market. When I say about 
INR4,000 crores of business what you have done, out of 70,000, 75,000 
we are at about 5% to 6% market share even in India and we see a lot of 
potential of growth when it comes to do a APAR Cable business. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 44 of 110 
 
Now bit of a business on US, we are focusing big time on US. US business 
is likely to grow by about 5% to 6% from 45 billion to around 60 billion, 
65 billion. So, our focus there is mainly on renewable, solar and wind put 
together is around 300 gigawatts to 350 gigawatt expected addition by 
2029. We also see a good amount of investment in infrastructure project 
and even the build a vertical. 
We also studied which are the countries who are supplying cables to US, 
50% of the cables being used in US comes from out of US, the major 
supplies come from Mexico followed by China and if you look at India it's 
only 0.5% of the cable which is going to US from India. So again, we see 
huge potential and when I look at Europe, again Europe is around USD45 
billion to USD50 billion. There were 20, 21 odd countries where we are 
looking at, but our focus would be on Italy, Spain, UK, Germany and 
France. These are the five countries where we think and we feel can add 
value to our growth.  
So here again we are looking at focus into renewable, wind and solar. I 
would be happy to say we are the only Indian company supplying to a utility 
company in Italy which is also has got a utility business in Romania, Spain, 
Chile, Peru, Brazil, Colombia. So very happy and proud of our association 
with the company in Italy for supplying cables to some of the utility 
companies in Europe and Southern America and when I look at Europe, 
USD21 billion of cables are coming into Europe from outside Europe.  
Major players is China followed by Morocco because of the proximity to 
European countries, Turkey yes there are a whole lot of cable companies 
in Turkey. Tunisia is very surprising and India we are at about 0.4% and 
rest of the world 8.6%. Again, we see a huge potential for an Indian cable 
company to have a major footprint in Europe. So, when we talk about 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 45 of 110 
 
growing from 3,800 crores to 10,000 crores in next four to five years, we 
need to look at expanding our present capacity.  
The current capacity what we have can produce about 5,000 crores of 
cables. So, if I have to grow this business to 10k, yes, we need to expand. 
We bought a land parcel in a place called Katalgaon which is in between 
our two existing factories Umbergaon and  Khatalwad 43 acres of land and 
this is expected to be commissioned in the year financial year 25-26. This 
will happen in a phased manner. We are also looking at debottlenecking 
our initiatives. We are working on industry 4.0, there are a whole lot of 
initiatives happening on 6x and Kaizen.  
We are adding capacity in in-house compounding, we are doing a 
backward integration. This would be added in next few months. We also 
doubling the capacity of our copper wire drawing, that is copper which 
are required for cables and your house wires. We are doubling the 
capacity there and as far as aluminium stranding and wire drawing facilities 
are concerned, the expansions are going on every year. Most of the orders 
we have placed, I'm happy to say that by 26 we would also be in the 
business of EHV cables. 
We are putting up a plant for 220kv cables, we have already finalised the 
machinery for producing these cables even for testing facilities. We are 
also looking at expanding our electron beam facility at the factory. So, 
keeping in mind where we want to be in next five years time, we are putting 
money into the right kind of machineries and looking at growing in those 
segments where we want to focus in next few years. 
These are some of the projects what I mentioned about Lean Six Sigma. 
We have achieved 50% reduction in defect rate. Our production has gone 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 46 of 110 
 
up by 15% with some of the projects what you have undertaken. Kaizen, 
yes, there are a whole lot of small, small projects which we have 
undertaken. We have significant savings, about USD150 million. Recently 
we started a project called SMED where we wanted to improve on the 
turnaround of changeovers. 
Happy to say that we are participating, in fact our team is participating in 
various competition, quality control and industry excellence and we have 
got awards, platinum, gold at CII, QCFI and Kaizen Institute. Industry 4.0 
is a project which we started about 7 months, 8 months back. It will take 
some time for us to achieve 100% goals as for what we want. But yes, we 
are trying to improve the overall efficiency of the equipment, improve on 
the energy management, savings and all other things related to 
sustainability.  
I think this is one of the projects where leads to the sustainability aims or 
goals what we have. Before I wind up, this is what we are looking at. When 
we talk about INR10,000 crores, 40% to 45% business for APAR will come 
from the institution sales. When I say institution sales, it's solar, wind, 
railways, infra, heavy machinery, those 8 pillars what I named. 40% to 45% 
business will come from the international market for us. 10% business, I 
said I would like to take - we would like to take this business of house wires 
to INR1,000 crores in the next few years and B2B channel that is cables 
and flexibles which are sold through channel where our focus would be on 
the builders and our focus will be on the smaller industry that we would 
like to take to 10%. Thank you very much. This is all from my side. I think 
we are breaking for tea now, Ramesh. And let us reassemble in another 15 
minutes time where we have further presentations on telecom, oil, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 47 of 110 
 
sustainability and other financial numbers. Thank you very much. Thanks a 
lot.  
Girish Gupta: 
We have entered into the fifth realization, fifth industrial realization of the 
world. What exactly is that? There is a convergence of human, physical 
and digital world which is happening today. When I said human world to 
digital world, there are devices which are getting enabled to interact with 
or within the digital world.  
When I said physical world into digital world, these are programs which 
are transforming the physical world into a digital world, creating the digital 
twins. What does that mean? That means that convergence of human to 
digital world and physical to digital world is creating a metaverse which 
will enable our workforce, which will enable our enterprises, which will 
enable our industrial revolution and which will enable our consumers. 
Whatever we do efficiently and productively, it will further enable that. But 
what it translates to? 
There are two underlying principles for this metaverse, for this digital twin. 
It's cloud which is driven by primarily 5G or 6G which is going to evolve 
and the block chain. Two technologies are supporting this metaverse to 
happen. And what does this technology need? One, we all know we need 
a real-time performance network. We all know we need a secure data. We 
need to know how our device detection and location. We need to have a 
network sensing. We need to have a self-healing network. 
And we need to have a slicing of the networks so that when I need to 
transform, shape up the network, increase the capacity of the network, I 
can slice the network and increase the network. That convergence will 
happen not by only human intervention. And that's where this current term 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 48 of 110 
 
of AI is coming in, which is sensing, thinking and acting, creating an AI 
network for us. 
What this means for us? We have been seeing the video consumptions, 
whether streaming, gaming, everything over the last, I say 10 years, that 
has been growing and that's what has caused the data growth till date. 
Whatever we are today at 110, 112 EB per month globally is going to move 
to 300 EB or 320 EB per month, but is it going to grow from the videos 
what we are using? No. That's not going to become the demand driver. 
The demand drivers are coming from purely this artificial intelligence 
which will need supercomputers, which will need every time data to be 
monitored, sensed, captured. We are talking about, as an example, self-
driving cars, how much amount of data each car will generate and needs 
to be captured. And we are talking about robotic world, which will enable 
our productivity and you can say efficiency, both of these aspects get 
covered only in AI basis. 
But what exactly is changing from now to then? Today we need internet for 
our comfort of life, that yes, I can use video, I can use chatting, social 
chatting, but tomorrow we need this, it becomes a necessity of life. And 
when I say necessity of life, this necessity of life will be low latency and 
flexible and adaptable. That kind of network is going to get built for us for 
tomorrow. How this network will get built? Today we talked about 4G and 
some aspect 5G. 
But tomorrow it will be purely 5G network, purely fibre to the X connected, 
fixed wireless access is going to play another role and edge data centres 
are going to play a larger role in this space. These are the four technologies 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 49 of 110 
 
which will drive this. But who invest in these technologies? Who will come 
and invest in these technologies?  
Primarily the telecom operators globally come and invest in these 
technologies, but they are facing the headwinds. Typically, Telco industry 
spent USD300 billion a year globally for last seven to eight years, but the 
last two and a half years, three years, they've gone overboard, invested 
more than that to enable the 5G aspect of the business. Their spend ratio, 
capex spend ratio typically stands at 15% compared to what they used to 
spend earlier, 10% to 12%. They are trying to bring that back. How they do 
that? 
They are looking at every alternative technology, every alternative medium 
to support and make themselves relevant and with respect to whom? 
Relevant with respect to OTTs, Google, Amazon and all who have come up 
and taken up their share in the market. They have invested in the capex 
somebody else has come and riding on their capex and making money. 
So that's why there's a shift in the telcos mindset itself.  
One, they are looking at every alternative technology to reach to the last 
mile, like low orbit satellite, some parts of the world it is accepted, India 
still policy is getting formulated, we are hoping by end of this year this 
policy should get implemented. They are augmenting their complete core 
network platforms, so that they can enable them with adaptability, with 
latency, with the scalability required at any given point of time because 
today I need 100 GB, tomorrow I need 1 terabit and day after tomorrow 
again I need 500 GB.  
That scalability each operator has to arrange and manage in their networks. 
Third thing, we are talking about latency. The hyperscale data centres have 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 50 of 110 
 
come up in India, but when you talk about latency of nanoseconds, there 
are huge set of edge data centres which will come. Google, Amazon or 
Facebook, these guys will not put up edge data centres. Telcos will go and 
put up those edge data centres to deliver that low latency networks on their 
5G, to enable those applications. 
Fourth and the last important thing for them still they -- that is an investment 
they are doing, but how do they generate the revenue back into their 
networks? That revenue generation, they are entering into the front-end 
services, competing head-on against any other OTT player. They are 
providing enterprise services. 
I don't know how many of you know, Jio provides Jio Agri service, which 
is based on AI. It helps the farmers to monitor their crops, to monitor 
monsoon, everything, augmenting their services. Today Airtel tied up with 
Apple directly. Apple was not able to barge in. Airtel closed their wing 
services and entering into with Apple tie up as a music service in India. 
So, there's a different set of front-end services coming in from each of the 
telcos to enter in this space. 
So, all the telcos, communication service providers will become our digital 
service providers and there is a play which is going to remain. All these 
networks, whatever they are building, wireless and wireline, needs a fibre 
connectivity and that's where APAR role comes in this business. So as a 
APAR telecom solution like Shashi mentioned, OFC also got acquired in 
2008 and we started very small, still small I'll say with respect to industry, 
though we are among top seven or eight in India, but still very small with 
respect to the global standards. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 51 of 110 
 
We started manufacturing optical fibre cables in this business, which we 
cater to different needs, I'll touch upon that. Then since 2017, we entered 
in a power line solution, money is touched upon OPGW, we do ADSS as 
well and all power line solutions is being served by APAR telecom 
solutions. Then last year we entered in three new lines of businesses in 
telecom solution. 
First, we said this 5G is enabling a lot of different set of demand, that every 
device needs to get connected. So, we ventured into different set of 
products, which is hybrid cable. I think our Chairman mentioned about 
that, but I'll touch upon little bit in detail on this venture which we started 
last year. Then looking at the data centre and enterprise demand, we started 
venturing into the data cables business last year and lastly, we entered into 
the services business of the telecom network build last year as well.  
So, what I'll do is going forward I'll touch upon these three or four topics, 
so that you get a perspective where we are heading to. We serve to telecom 
customers, definitely, railways and power we use our teams to serve that, 
defence we serve directly, enterprise we serve directly. 
 
So, till 2010, this network of NLD or fibre network getting built in the 
country or globally I will say. From 2010 onwards beyond this tower the 
network started getting built and that's where the new products, new 
solutions started coming in. As of today, as we speak, APAR telecom 
solution is fully capable to address any need of this newer network which 
is required in the industry. 
 
Whether it's connectivity to a home, whether it's connectivity to an 
enterprise, whether it's connectivity to a tower, we serve each and every 
product in telecom business to connect these towers, these homes and 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 52 of 110 
 
these products, I will say whether it's our duct tape, we have seven or eight 
categories in this. Each of these products are fully qualified to serve any 
customer globally. So, this is the product which I mentioned we launched 
last year. 
 
We went to the customer, understood his needs, where the gaps are, 
where the industry is struggling. The first struggle when we spoke to a 
couple of operators globally, the first struggle which came out is they had 
a number of issues managing a number of cables. Second struggle they 
shared with us that they had an issue of different operators working at 
different times in a different manner not managing the same standard 
operating processes. 
 
Third issue they brought up, it increases their cost because they have to 
run their installer a number of times to install that and that's where the 
solution got carved out at our end because look at this, typically radio 
antennas will be six on any tower site. So, six times an installer is going 
and installing this product. Now the product which APAR launched last 
year is single time installation, no mess on the ground, absolutely no chaos, 
clean manhole providing a solution to him without any hazards. 
 
Currently this is not a standard product which was in the industry, so this 
industry has evolved a kind of $200 million last year and I see this growth 
happening 20% cent year-on-year at least CGA from next five to ten years. 
US has adopted it, Europe is in process of adoption of such products and 
India will also adopt another year or two years, India will also adopt. We 
got awarded by Indian telecom industry for this product specifically last 
year, Aegis Graham Bell took our product and awarded us for this 
innovation in the telecom space. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 53 of 110 
 
 
But currently as APAR we have done the manufacturing set up, we have 
gone to UL certification around that in US and currently supplying to the 
US market these products and I believe personally it will cater 15% of our 
revenue this year and going forward. The second set of products which we 
launched last year is data cables, which is primarily to address the data 
centre market demand. 
 
But what is data centre market demand? Data centres growing in India at 
much faster pace, globally they are growing at 6.5%, in India they are 
growing at a pace of 25% CAGR. We are investing, India is investing 2X 
in next three years, another $5.7 billion investment is going into the 
country, that means 800 megawatts is getting added onto the ground, what 
does it translate in terms of kilometres or square metres, 10 million square 
feet of space, new space is going to get built which will consume our 
power cables as well as data cables. 
 
That's where this market is evolving, right now this market what we see is 
primarily seven hyperscale locations where it is happening. Beyond this, 
this market will grow around at least 100 locations in India for edge data 
centres, which is not mapped yet, because it is being done in silos by 
different telcos. So, this market alone will give a huge demand to our power 
cables as well as data cables. 
 
As a part we have invested in data cable manufacturing last year, the 
process is set up, the products are under qualification right now with the 
different authorities, once it is done, we start generating revenue. We'll 
have some initial revenue in this year, but that's the second line of business 
we added to the telecom solution. Third line of business which we added 
to the telecom solution last year is fibre network services. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 54 of 110 
 
 
This again is a different ball game and this vertical, under telecom this 
particular business there are more than thousand players who play in this 
space. Our objective was if we are entering in this space why we should 
enter, I think me chairman and a number of guys we had a lot of discussions 
around that, why we should enter in this space. We went to our customers 
back, primarily the two large telcos tried to understand the challenges they 
faced in their networks. 
 
So, the three larger challenges which we fixed for them is if there can be 
a hassle-free deployment for them, if there can be a delivery which is 
progressive, which can be delivered on time and in a progressive manner 
and third is the complete ownership. We looked back, reflected back into 
the system, we created an environment where every environment of 
installation we can do, because this is a start-up this has got a lot of ROW 
permissions, it has got inter-city and intra-city networks, so we looked at it, 
built a whole ecosystem based on some technology intervention based on 
some tech enablement, based on service partners which we build across 
India. 
 
So right now, we have more than 100 partners registered with us as our 
partners to work for us along with us in this particular project. Then we not 
only built this capability to roll out the fiber network, but we also built the 
capability to install the active networks, we built out the capability to do 
O&M in case required. So that's how we became an integrated end-to-end 
network provider for the market. 
 
As of today, if I speak, we are building this network for one of the largest 
telcos in the country. We just initiated, we have signed the contract with 
them, we have got the initial peers and we're looking forward to peers to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 55 of 110 
 
grow in this space. Next is another project which you guys must have heard 
BharatNet. 
 
It has been talked about for last 10 years and this project has been a prime 
project for our Prime Minister Narendra Modi. In 2019 in his speech on 
15th August he mentioned he wants to connect 100% villages of India and 
still it took four years to launch that project. It has to connect 250,000-gram 
panchayats across India. 
 
It has to connect 625,000 villages across India. It's not a small and it's all 
rural connectivity. So, they launched a tender for roughly INR75,000 
crores earlier this year in February which got participated in you can say 
last week of July and it has got companies who will get awarded will have 
to build take three years to build this kind of project and will have a 10 
years of operation and maintenance on this project. 
 
Roughly 10,000 kilometers of cable will get deployed, sorry 10 lakh cable 
kilometers will get deployed under this project over next three years. Never 
this scale project has been executed in India and I don't see in next 10 
years this size project will be there in India. So, this project has not only 
fiber rollout, this project has got further than that. 
 
It has to put the whole active equipment routers, switching, everything in 
that network. You have to build the state NOCs in this project and you have 
to integrate those NOCs with the central NOCs available in the market for 
the customer. So, it has got a full-scale network integration into the project 
beyond fiber overall. 
 
So, it's a middle mile network which will get built. It will be a last mile 
network which will get built and last mile network will get built over 10 
years period as the demand grows in the market, as the demand grows in 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 56 of 110 
 
the villages that network will start getting built and that's where APAR has 
gone ahead and participated in this tender. Results are awaited. 
 
We have to keep another two months keeping our fingers crossed and 
hopefully we'll get some business out here. So as APAR telecom solutions 
over last one year we are strategically aligned to upcoming industry 
investments. There are three set of investments I put it. 
 
One is an urban network which gets built, second is a rural network which 
gets built and third is a defense network which gets built in any part of the 
world, in every part of the world. And as APAR for US market, for European 
market we have got all our approvals done. We are now ready to go into 
the market. 
 
We have started making some inroads with some initial orders and we 
make much larger. This alone market, US and Europe alone market is more 
than $100 billion. India market is again another billion-dollar market from 
fibre to the home perspective and another $10 billion market with respect 
to BharatNet. 
 
So, I spoke briefly about BharatNet but beyond the 16 states there are 
another eight states which has again investment of INR40,000 crores 
which is not released yet, which will get released in next two years period. 
We'll have again a play in that. We are expecting two of those states should 
get released in next six to 12 months. 
 
So that's additional opportunity where we see in BharatNet going forward. 
So that's what will bring the services business to sustainability. Another 
defence networks, typically Shashi mentioned about INR21,000 crores and 
INR49,000 crores. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 57 of 110 
 
 
Defence typically spend INR1,000 crores on telecom products, pure 
telecom cables which we manufacture as an organisation and we have got 
ourselves DGQA certified this year. Now we are fully eligible, capable to 
participate in these tenders and I'm hoping to grab some business 
possibility here as well. So, all the opportunities which are getting released 
in next two to three years, APAR is fully capable to go ahead and grab the 
business. 
 
Competitive advantage, beyond standard advantages what we have with 
respect to others, I've just compared my competitors to put this slide up. 
We looked at three aspects, one from growth perspective, second from 
premiumisation perspective, third is from optimisation perspective. When 
I talk about growth, we definitely have a market access but what we have 
different from others. 
 
We have the largest range of UL and CPR certifications to address US and 
European market which most of the other Indian companies don't have. 
We have a largest global access to power utilities and EPC companies in 
US and Europe because of our conductor division where which industry 
itself is going through a transformation, where they are putting up their 
SCADA networks, where they're getting into the digitalisation, where the 
demand of our telecom products is going to go up. Premiumisation, we 
have already spoken about hybrid cables which we have changing the face 
of the industry with this product that the demand which was going in a 
different direction, converging that demand into a single product or single 
site. 
 
The second set on renewable side, the market growth Shashi has spoken 
about, we have the whole connectorized solution for renewable sector, oil, 
gas as well as wind and energy which is only available to APAR in India, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 58 of 110 
 
no other company. Till last year these products were imported into the India 
now they are being bought from APAR. Last, we have the widest range of 
fire rated cables. 
 
We have approximately 900-degree Celsius product which can withstand 
three hours. Look at this, when data centres are driving the cars on the 
roads, what kind of cables they will need inside the data centres. That's the 
product which is required. 
 
In case of fire, you don't have an accident on the road, the products need 
to be like that and that safety standards are there outside in outside India 
but they are coming into the Indian market as well. So, the demand of these 
products will also go up. Optimization of the business, with this IoT 
demand what is happening is everyone is looking at different set of 
products, different set of cables and we as an organization, we had a 
polymer science department who understands polymer science and all 
cables what we make need to know the polymer science and that's where 
no other company in the country has got a polymer science knowledge. 
 
We are the only company who brings that knowledge and capable to make 
a new product in the most efficient and fastest manner. We are leveraging 
our capacities to give a product to defence, whether it's fibre, whether it's 
copper. Certain products like torpedo and TAC are absolutely exclusive to 
APAR the certain products which are generated which we quote as a team. 
 
Just to summarize, market will remain around 300 billion for next five years 
but there is enough room for APAR to grow where we are today. We are 
augmented ourselves with innovative products and approvals for all 
upcoming investment into the industry. We are building a strong 
competitive edge to expand our presence with relevancy and premium and 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 59 of 110 
 
last, we are expanding ourselves beyond products for end-to-end services 
into the market and that's how we feel we are enabling the lives and 
connecting the lives. Thank you. Let me invite Rishabh for the oil 
presentation. Rishabh you will do or? Okay. Thanks. 
Sundar Subramanian: 
Good afternoon. I like to take you around a few slides on the 
lubricant side of the business that we do. Before we start, the first slide is 
just to run you through an overview of the automotive market. 
 
India is among probably the top three automobile markets globally. Some 
of the key statistics that would be very interesting to you is we clearly, 
everybody knows here that we are clearly the largest two-wheeler market in 
the world. We have an installed production capacity of close to about 1.5 
lakh, 1.5 million vehicles of two-wheelers per month which is approximately 
18 million a year. Follow that up with three-wheelers, we do close to about 
six lakh three-wheelers annually. Tractors, we do almost close to a million, 
9.6 lakh was what was the production number last year. We are the second 
largest construction equipment manufacturer in the world, significant 
numbers. 
 
Within the construction segment, we are the largest backhoe manufacturer, 
backhoe JCB, synonymous to JCB. We are the largest backhoe 
manufacturer in the world. We are the second largest bus market in the 
world. 
 
We are the third largest truck market in the world and we are the third 
largest passenger car market in the world. So just to give you some more 
details on the passenger car market which is probably what most people 
look at in terms of automotive industry development, the largest market 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 60 of 110 
 
clearly is China which does about 27 million cars a year, followed by US 
which does about 13 million. 
 
India is the third which has touched almost 4.8 million a year, followed by 
Japan which does about 4.1 million a year. So, the gap between three, 
number three market with the top two markets is significantly large and that 
clearly is a much bigger up room as the market tends to become, as we as 
economy become more developed. So, the upside in terms of automobile 
numbers are significant. We don't see this market slowing down in any 
way. 
 
On the other side, a lot of you are interested here to see about how the 
electrification is coming in and going to affect this side of the business. 
Just to give you numbers on the two-wheeler side the average registries of 
electric vehicles over the last quarter has been approximately around 
75,000 units a month. If you look at the two-wheeler industry side, the 
industry grows at about 6.5% CAGR which means that it adds close to 
about 1.1 million units every month. 
 
The electric vehicles have still not breached the growth that's happening in 
the two-wheeler. So, it's still significantly small. We expect this to continue 
to eat into the growth and we see the ICE markets to be a little flat moving 
forward but we don't see the overall numbers significantly reducing. 
 
The gap between electric vehicle costs and the ICE cost are still significant 
close to about 25% and this industry the only hope for this industry in the 
near term is clearly with governmental interventions in terms of subsidies 
and stuff before the cost of the battery starts to keep going down for the 
vehicle sales numbers to start to rapidly pick up. It's a different story in the 
three-wheelers. The penetration of electrics has almost reached close to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 61 of 110 
 
about 40% and we see that moving in because the three-wheeler is what I 
call last mile logistics and the last mile logistics are more prone to earlier 
adoption of electrics. 
 
So, we will see the three-wheeler side getting at least in the commercial 
cargo three-wheeler space becoming moving more and more electric. 
Apart from this, from a significant movement point of view, buses, if you 
look at the bus side of the business, if you clearly look at buses between 
intercity and intracity operations, we clearly see the intracity operations 
going electric and the intercity operations moving from fuel lead to 
gaseous fuels. That will be stage one before it starts to move into other 
technologies. 
 
But more or less on the other side of the businesses, which are basically 
tractors and construction equipments, they will continue to remain fuel lead 
at least for a decade for sure. That's probably to give you an overview of 
the segment. In terms of numbers, the market's close to about 3 million 
metric tons in size, relates to a turnover of close to about INR38,000-odd 
crores in totality. 
 
The top 10 players in this market contribute almost close to about 80% 
market share by volumes. That's just to give you a scenario. Even though 
the market's heavily fragmented, the big really take over the top business 
positions in the segment. Coming very clearly to give you an idea of the 
growth in the segment, in the current scenario we clearly see that the 
automotive markets will, automotive industrial both put together, the 
lubricant market will continue to grow at close to about 3% CAGR. 
 
We believe the automotive industry will slightly lag this number by around, 
we look to see this at growing at around 2.5% CAGR and the industrial 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 62 of 110 
 
side, because of rapid industrialization, China Plus One that was talked 
about a little earlier, and with a lot of manufacturing moving in, alternative 
supply chains being created globally, with India being a key benefiter for 
this, we believe that the industrial side will grow far more aggressively. 
 
We look at that numbers to be close to around 4% on a CAGR basis. The 
agriculture markets will remain robust, which is a key part of our economy, 
and we believe the lubricant business is going to be dependent on 
agriculture moving forward, which is a key component in this whole sector. 
 
The governmental focus on mining and infrastructure has been very high, 
and this is going to drive in a lot of high-performance lubricants, and a lot 
of consumption coming in. So off-highway segment as such in the lubricant 
side of business has been aggressively growing, and it will continue to 
grow at least over the next 5, 6 years. 
 
With a lot of activity going on in manufacturing, there's a lot of 
requirements coming in for specialized fluids on the industrial side of the 
business, especially in metalworking, as we move away from cast iron and 
steel kind of product lines into speciality products, aluminium, copper, 
aluminium alloys, copper alloys, especially coming in through the EV side 
of the business, you will see a lot of action on the metalworking fluids, and 
the requirement for speciality metalworking fluids is exponentially growing. 
 
And finally, at the higher end of the industrial spectrum, compressor oils, 
full synthetic gearbox oils, you have a slew of product lines coming in at 
the higher end industrial applications, where we believe the market's 
growing aggressively, both in terms of volumes as well as from a value 
perspective. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 63 of 110 
 
 
So that's an area that we look at, and we remain confident on the growth 
story on the lubricant side of the business. Just to give you our relative 
positions in this overall segment, like I mentioned, the market's close to 
about 3 million metric tons. The top 10 players contribute close to about 
2.25 million metric tons in the overall pie. 
 
Apart right now with our volumes that we did last year, we rate ourselves 
to be around the ninth largest lubricant player in this country, doing almost 
around 72,000 KL for the year FY '24. We are clearly among the top 3 
agricultural lubricant manufacturers in this country. We are among the top 
3 in the industrial segment, among the private players, keeping aside the 
PSUs off in that volume. 
 
We're keenly looking at exports in our business, and we have started to 
expand our footprint into the Middle East and Africa in a big way. Our 
export businesses have significantly started to grow, and we are seeing 
significant traction in these markets. With the focus as a group that we have 
around ESG, we have had a slew of offerings that we have been giving on 
the lubricant side of business too with regard to a key focus on ESG. 
 
Products offering fuel saving, products offering long drains, products 
being manufactured to take care of durability, and also looking at products 
that are aiding emission requirements which are non-lubricants like diesel 
exhaust fluids or AdBlue as you may see. Some of the products that we 
have done over the last couple of years, which are helping us grow and 
cementing our associations with some of the key OEMs that we have. 
 
So, this is just to give you, a picture as to where and all we are playing in 
the lubricant space. Of course, on the automotive side, we are present both 
on on-road and off-road. On the on-road applications, we have a slew of 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 64 of 110 
 
offerings on the motorcycles, passenger cars, and of course the 
commercial vehicles, light commercial vehicles. We play the entire space 
in the on-road applications. 
 
Coming on to the off-road side of the business, predominantly two 
segments to take care of construction and infra, and the second one being 
agriculture. Significantly positioned in agriculture, relatively small in the 
construction and infra-space, and which is an area of focus for us to grow. 
On the industrial side of the business, we basically look at maintenance 
products and speciality products which are revolving around metalworking. 
 
So, we have a slew of products there too, on both the segments. Pretty big 
on the industrial side, we continue to grow both on maintenance as well as 
on the metalworking side of the business. So just to give you from a split 
perspective basis, we do almost close to about two-thirds of our numbers 
through the automotive side of the business and one-third of our numbers 
from the industrial side of the business, just to give you a proportion as to 
where we are positioned. 
 
From a distribution infrastructure space, we of course single manufacturing 
facility out of Rabale, Bombay, a central warehouse located at Bhiwandi, 
four regional warehouses to cater to the four zones in the country, 14 
satellite depots. We manage a space of close to around 2.35 lakh square 
feet within our logistics to handle products and distribute products 
throughout the country and also take care of whatever we are doing for 
exports. 
 
On the AdBlue side of the business, we manufacture and we also have 
eight outsource filling plants from where we manufacture this because this 
is distribution of aqueous urea, so transportation and logistics have a 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 65 of 110 
 
significant impact on the cost of the product and hence you need to be 
closer to the demand centers and hence the requirement of outsource 
filling plants. 
 
So, just to give you some of our numbers from a distribution standpoint, 
we have a distribution strength which is significant, close to about 500-odd 
distributors operating across our various segments. You have the numbers 
up there. What's more interesting is that we have started to digitize our 
distribution network both from the point of sale at the distributor level, 
subsequently tracking the sale through retailers and then finally having 
digitizing through the influencers who help sell these products, which are 
basically mechanics. 
 
So, if you'll actually see this program which has started over the last 5 years 
that we have done, we have reached a level wherein we have the ability to 
trace close to about 50% of our products that we sell through this pipeline, 
enabling us to better communicate with the retailers, enabling us to better 
communicate with the influencers. 
 
So, our marketing schemes can be very highly targeted and thereby get a 
better ROI on the investment that we do on the marketing. Some of the 
advantages that I would like to leave on as a player that we have in the 
lubricant space, we clearly are, like I mentioned, among the top 10 and if 
you look at it from the oil space that we play in totality, we clearly are the 
largest private player in the Indian market by the sheer volume of base oils 
that we handle. 
 
That clearly brings in economies of scale. A very strong partnership that 
runs with E&I which we signed in 2006 and commercialized from 2007. 
The partnership has been solid and has been running over the last 15, 16 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 66 of 110 
 
years now for the brand. Very strong presence in agricultural OEMs, tractor 
OEMs. You will see that in the next slide. 
 
We've been working in the agricultural space from as early as 2009, 
having significant presence with key OEMs with significant share of 
business. We are associated with most of the big global additive suppliers, 
so we have the access to technology for lubricants. A very, very flexible 
manufacturing facility to take care and manage the entire OEM and private 
label range, which helps us grow in scales, grow in volumes in our 
lubricant business. 
 
And finally, to cement our relationships with OEMs, we've moved one step 
ahead. We're just not focused about product selling. We've moved into 
product management, thereby helping them manage the product through 
their channels and also helping them getting logistic solutions in place for 
them. 
 
So, we operate both the product management as well as logistics for them, 
so that we are able to cement and the stickiness of business with us is much 
higher in comparison to a typical lubricant player. So, some of the key 
OEMs that we do business in the tractors, so if you look at this space that 
we do, why is this significant? 
 
So just to give you some data points for you as to why we play the segment, 
this is probably one of the largest consumers of lubricants among the 
automotive sectors. Just to give you a percentage in terms of loops to fuel, 
this consumes close to about 2.5% of lubricants to the fuel that it burns. 
Significantly high. 
 
The only two segments that are above 2% are agriculture, which is tractors 
and 2-wheelers. The rest of the industry as such, if you look at it from a 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 67 of 110 
 
loop to fuel ratio perspective, is under 0.5%. So, it's very significant to 
stick to this business as these are high volume loop guzzlers, as we call it 
in the industry, and so a focus on the site has been done by us as an 
organization very early on in our lubricant business, which has helped us 
grow and get skills. 
 
So, we are present across, so if you take the top 7 tractor manufacturers in 
the country, they almost hold a market share of close to about 90% and 
among the top 7, APAR has a business of over 50% with the top 4 in the 
top 7. So, a significant play in the agri side of the business. Apart from 
this, we do, we are associated with a significant number of other OEMs 
and private label manufacturers, which is what helps us get our skills and 
get our volumes in this sector. 
 
So finally, some of the areas of strength, repetitive in terms of our positions 
in tractors. We are a leading player in the ultralight commercial vehicle 
segment, the small last mile transportation segment, both in the three-
wheeler as well as in the Tata segment that you can see. We have a 
significant aftermarket position with our brands, very strong OEM 
associations that you have seen in the earlier slide, and we are probably 
the only company right now which has started to blend and manufacture 
full synthetic base stock-based lubricants within the country for automotive 
products. 
 
On the industrial side, we clearly are among the top 3 private players, in 
the industrial maintenance great space. A significant push and presence in 
port and infrastructure, that's a sector that we focus and work on, which is 
again a high lubricant consumption space. We have some specialized 
solutions coming up for the gas infrastructure, gas pipelines that are being 
put up. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 68 of 110 
 
 
So, we have speciality lubricants solutions being offered to CNG booster 
compressors, which help transport gas through these long pipelines. And 
finally, we will be working in a niche area for refrigerating compressors, 
because refrigerants in these refrigerating compressors are going from, 
they are becoming economically, so they're moving into an ESG 
perspective. 
 
So different refrigerants will call for different refrigerating compressor oils, 
and we are working on a slew of products in the refrigerating compressor 
side, both mineral and synthetic, to take care of these changes in the 
refrigerants that are happening in the refrigerating compressors. 
 
Some key products that we have done, just to give you a highlight on what 
we are focusing on around the theme, which is on ESG. So, on the 
agricultural space, which is key for us, we did launch products with fuel 
saving 2.5% fuel saving over conventional products, mineral products, 
extended drains, on an average of around 250 to 300 hours to 600 hours 
drain interval is what we are trying to deliver, double the drain life with fuel 
economy. That's the kind of products that we launch to bring down the 
footprint, carbon footprint. 
 
A lot of low viscosity product lines that we have drawn for transmission. 
So, if you'll actually see the automotive side, most of the fuel economy 
work has been done around the engines. We have started to move from 
engines to transmission, so the entire powertrain is being now captured by 
going lighter to bring in fuel economy, and that's what we have done with 
our lower viscosity UTTO products, for bringing in fuel economy as well as 
high speed operations with hydrostatic transmissions. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 69 of 110 
 
 
A similar work that's been done on the passenger car side, with a special 
synthetic oil, low viscosity synthetic oils meeting the new emission 
requirements and both for commercial as well as for passenger vehicles. 
Why do we do this? Clearly, we're trying to get into differentiated offerings 
with better USPs to help improve our unit realizations and thereby 
demonstrate the superiority of the product in the marketplace to build in 
customer loyalty. 
 
That's the objective. On the industrial side, similarly on the cutting fluids, 
we have a slew of products that we have done. Biodegradable ester-based 
fluids to take care again on the industrial side for ESG requirements. On 
the refrigerating side that we mentioned, POE-based products coming in 
for compressors, which have the new generation refrigerants coming into 
place. 
 
CNG Booster compressors that we mentioned for gas distribution pipelines 
and again 100% PAO based products for gear and compressors, helping 
double the drain lives in case of conventional gear or conventional 
lubricants for gear-based applications. We see huge opportunities on the 
industrial side to upsell products, improving unit margins and thereby 
getting into a branding space for B2B sales. 
 
This is an area that we are clearly working on and we see tremendous 
progress being made on the side of the business. Finally, where are we 
focused on? We continue to see significant opportunities both on the 
automotive and the industrial side. We remain focused on the OEM side 
of the business. We believe the OEM side of the business will continue to 
grow and internal combustion-based engines, will continue to stay at least 
for a decade. The impact that's going to come in from EVs is not going to 
be as soon. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 70 of 110 
 
 
The growths probably start to taper off around 2035 is what is our 
estimation. So, we are expanding our product lines and product offerings 
both from the lubricant side as well as from the non-lube side to capture 
this market. We remain export focused. We want to get into the Middle 
East and African markets, growing our footprint there and the first target 
that we want to take is to do at least about 10% of our overall sales in export 
markets. 
 
We probably should be at those numbers by the next year, without fail and 
we are also working on interesting models for filling at the last mile in 
markets of high tariff, with high tariff barriers, especially in Africa and some 
of the markets in Southeast Asia. So that's an area where we want to work 
on. 
 
With these, we still believe that we will still grow easily at around 3x of the 
Indian market growth rate in the lubricant space and we've been clocking 
much higher numbers in the last two quarters given the scenario with our 
volumes. So, we believe that this is a doable number. That's all I have. 
Thank you. 
Rishabh Desai: 
Hello, good morning, everyone. My name is Rishabh Desai, and I will be 
giving the presentation further on specialty oils. There's a lot to cover in 
very little time so please bear with me. So, I'll quickly introduce you to the 
range of products that we have. I covered it in depth last year, so I'll just 
run through it very briefly. So, there's four major product lines. 
 
The first one, our flagship product being transformer oil. Now for you just 
to appreciate what transformer oil is for people who weren't there last year. 
As you saw in the Chairman's presentation, when the electricity power is 
generated, there's a step-up transformer, then the electricity is transmitted 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 71 of 110 
 
towards the city and then near the city there's a step-down transformer so 
that we get the voltage, much lower voltage at our house and our sockets. 
 
So, these transformers, they're big machines. Some can be the distribution 
transformers are small, maybe this big. Power transformers are huge, it can 
be bigger than this whole stage and the beauty of this product, it's a coolant 
and an insulant and it's also a diagnostic tool, because the transformer is 
connected to the grid so you cannot just switch it off and study the health 
of the transformer. 
 
So, like you draw the blood of a human being to see the human's health 
and study, the various things. You can draw a sample of the transformer oil 
and based on studying the health of the transformer oil, study the health of 
the transformer. Also, I mentioned you can't switch a transformer just on 
and off. 
 
So, for you to appreciate, in engine oil for example, you can switch the car 
off, change the engine oil every 10,000 kilometres or whatever the norm 
is. With transformer oil, the transformer has to be running continuously for 
20 years, 30 years, 40 years without changing the oil. So that's how good 
the technology and the quality of the product has to be because if there is 
any failure, it could lead to an explosion and that could be disastrous. It 
could cost money and lives more importantly.  
 
Second is technical grade white oils. So that's used more in industrial 
applications. It's used also in certain agricultural applications for 
pesticides. It's used in textiles, paints, a whole bunch, there's about 50 
different applications.  
 
Pharmaceutical grade white oils, we have 15 plus grades of both technical 
and pharma grade. The pharma grade is generally used more in cosmetics, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 72 of 110 
 
in any application that's in direct contact with the human skin. So, it's non-
carcinogenic, non-cancerous, it's water-white, colorless, odorless product. 
I'll get to that a little later in my presentation.  
 
And lastly, we have rubber process oils. It's used in EPDM, tires, rubbers, 
conveyor belts. There's a whole bunch of applications. Again, we have 15 
plus grades. Despite having the set number of grades though, we consider 
ourselves tailors in that sense. We can tailor make any product to any 
specification were master blenders. So even if the client or customer has a 
unique set of specifications, we pride ourselves in our ability to be able to 
meet whatever their requirements are. 
 
Just very briefly, global approvals. This is specifically for transformer oil. 
As you can see, I've just listed down a bunch of utility approvals. So, we 
have global approvals from utilities all over the world. So, you see Saudi 
Electricity Company, OETC Oman, MEW Kuwait, Eskom South Africa, 
Power Grid India, most importantly, WEG Argentina, which is underway. 
So, we are basically present in utilities all over the world. 
 
We have all the major OEM approvals. You can see GE, Schneider, Tyree 
in Australia, Siemens, ABB, Hitachi, Hyundai, Hyosung. All the major 
names have approved Power Oil as their trusted brand for transformer oil.  
We can meet all the international standards, IEC, which is European, ASTM 
American, BS is British. So, we can meet all the various specifications from 
around the world.  
 
I thought I'll take this time rather than to spend time on each product. I 
thought I'll just highlight two of the major innovations in the transformer oil 
space. Firstly, I can get to synthetic esters. I just put a picture of a 
transformer; it just gives you an idea of what the machine is. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 73 of 110 
 
 
The oil lies within the core. So synthetic ester is a specific type of 
transformer oil and the base of the synthetic ester can be a natural base or 
a synthetic base. The synthetic base generally coming from an alcohol 
hydrocarbon base. We have catered our synthetic ester from a natural 
base, so it is almost a hundred percent biodegradable. That's in line with 
our sustainability goals.  
 
So, through our natural ester, it improves the ability of running for the 
transformer. There's operational safety, I will get to that, but basically it has 
a much higher flash point than a regular mineral oil, which means it's much 
safer. There's a larger, a lower carbon footprint and it's readily 
biodegradable. So that helps with our sustainability goals and most 
importantly, the performance is consistent and stable. 
 
We've done very stringent testing and got all the major approvals. So, what 
makes the synthetic ester unique? It has a superior oxidation stability. So, 
our paraffinic mineral oil passes a 164-hour oxidation stability test. Our 
current natural ester, it's found to last even 400 to 500 hours. So, it's got 
a very superior oxidation stability. 
 
It has a really high flash point. So, a mineral oil has a flash point of about 
150 to 170 degrees Celsius. Here it's above 250 degrees Celsius. So, it's 
much, much safer. And of course, as I mentioned, it has a much smaller 
carbon footprint because after 20 years, 30 years, whenever it is, the oil 
has to be replaced. The waste oil is biodegradable, so it's not 
environmentally damaging. 
 
So, some of the applications where the synthetic esters come into use, it's 
whenever there's power generation, so there's power generation near a 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 74 of 110 
 
water body. So, you can see the picture there. It's an ecologically sensitive 
area. 
 
Similarly, in mines, which are generally deep in the forest and stuff, if there 
is ever a leakage of the oil from the transformer, the oil is 100% 
biodegradable. So, there's no damage to the ecosystem. When there's the 
step-down transformers I mentioned in urban areas, like near housing 
societies, near schools, whatever it is, the oil, as I mentioned, has a higher 
flash so it's much safer. The chances of any sort of malfunction or explosion 
or whatever it is, is minimized with synthetic ester.  
 
And we were talking about solar power and wind turbines and offshore 
wind turbines. So, when there's wind turbines in the ocean and stuff, the 
oil is biodegradable, so it will cause no harm if there's ever an incident. 
So that was one product which we have now launched and it's going to be 
the future. We're going to be focusing on synthetic esters. 
 
We've just acquired a plot of land in JNPT, so our mother plant in Rabale, 
there's going to be a little extra space and capacity. Right now, we are 
buying the natural base for the synthetic ester from abroad, so we're 
importing it. I guess in the near future, once we open up that space in 
Rabale, we will look to manufacture the base as well for the synthetic ester 
in India itself. So that's something also for the future.  
 
I think the second and really exciting product is for chip cooling. So, I think 
currently AI is the talk of the world. I think everyone's seen the success 
stories of ChatGPT and everyone's seen the stock price of NVIDIA just 
skyrocket. So, data processing is massive right now.  
 
So, where the oil comes in is, right now there is air cooling done for 90% 
of server farms all over the world. It's very inefficient. I'll give you the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 75 of 110 
 
statistics shortly. What we do, transformer oil, that is basically a dielectric 
fluid and for chip cooling, the most efficient solution is submerging the 
server into a dielectric fluid. Of course, the specifications are slightly 
different. We are currently tailor-making our product to meet those 
specifications, but it's something that we're working on very actively.  
 
So, as you can see in the diagram here on your left-hand side, there's two 
types of cooling, number one is immersion cooling, where the entire server 
is put into the dielectric fluid. The second type is direct-to-chip cooling, 
where the dielectric fluid is brought to either the GPU or the motherboard 
directly through these tubes, because that part gives out the most heat. So 
only the chip is cooled, and then of course the heated dielectric fluid is 
then taken out through another tube for cooling. 
 
So why is cooling necessary? I'll just quickly run you through that. 
Electronic or electrochemical reactions generate as much heat as they 
consume electricity. Air is an excellent insulator, but it's not a good 
conductor of heat. Liquids, especially water, it's a very good heat transfer 
fluid, but it's highly conductive, so it's really not ideal for direct cooling.  
 
Dielectric fluids, they are excellent conductors of heat, and they're fully 
insulating up to 60 kV. Plus, we are working on making our dielectric fluids 
biodegradable and non-corrosive, as I told you in the natural ester 
segment. So, the challenges in thermal management, as you know, the data 
farms are just growing. Even in our country itself, to protect our data, 
instead of storing data abroad, they want to build server farms and store 
data within the country. 
 
So, heat dissipation basically is the limiting factor. With these super 
powerful GPUs, heat waste can now exceed more than 4,000 watts per 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 76 of 110 
 
device. As you guys know, for computing AI, one AI search, like on 
ChatGPT, uses 10 times the computing power of a normal Google search. 
 
So, if that is truly the future and we're going towards that, there's going to 
be a lot more energy requirement, there are going to be a lot more 
powerful processors, and those processors are going to give away a lot 
more heat. So, it needs to be cooled.  
 
As I mentioned, air cooling is extremely inefficient. Almost 40% to 50% of 
the total facility energy use is used for cooling. Imagine that. It's huge. 30% 
to 40% of the power is consumed just by air conditions and fans and 
associated devices. And 5% to 20% of the power is used by the devices, 
the small onboarding fans within the device. So almost a third of the space 
in the data centers/mines are dedicated just for cooling requirements, 
which when you think about it is absolutely ridiculous because these server 
farms are massive. 
 
So, it's just a huge waste of space. And of course, also the capital costs 
are really massive because instead of investing on the servers, now you're 
investing in cooling technology, which is just a waste of money and 
resources. That's why we need liquid cooling. 
 
So liquid cooling within the data center, it removes heat with the direct 
contact to the electronics. There's a variety, there's the two major varieties 
which I spoke about, but the common denominator is that they use a 
dielectric fluid. So yes, that's a little bit about this and I'll just quickly tell 
you what the advantages are. 
 
So, as I mentioned, there's a lesser capital cost, there's a reduction in the 
energy footprint, so that again ties in with our ESG goals, less floor space, 
faster CPU performance. Basically, they say the dielectric fluid conducts 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 77 of 110 
 
heat 12,000 times better than air, so it's way more efficient and the CPU 
can perform faster and it's much more reliable. So that was just a little bit 
on the future and we are devoting a lot of resources to develop this 
product. 
 
It's still in a developmental stage, we don't want to release this to the market 
until obviously the product is perfected. Also, there are a few challenges, 
as I showed you for transformer oil, there are set specifications, there's IEC 
60296, ASTM, they are set standards. Over here, because it's such a new 
space, there are no real standards in place, so each company is developing 
their own product with their own specification. 
 
Today also if you approach customers, say you approach Amazon, they 
have their own internal spec. If you approach say a Microsoft, they have 
their own internal spec. So, it's a little bit of a challenge on what product 
exactly to develop because you cannot develop 50 different types of 
products just to cater to each customer. 
 
So that is a work in progress and we'll need some sort of government 
intervention from a federal level to kind of standardise. But also, because 
we have a good experience in the dielectric fluid, there's a lot of influential 
people in our R&D team who have a say on these matters, we're trying to 
push certain standards and use that to our advantage to kind of standardise 
things. 
 
Very quickly, I'll just take you through white oil. I won't spend too much 
time on this. The global white oil demand outside of India and China is 
about 950 kt, so that's 950,000 metric tons. It's an even split between the 
technical grade and the pharma grade. APAR, we exported 1,30,000 
metric tons, so almost 17%-18% of the global market share outside of India 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 78 of 110 
 
and China belongs to APAR Industries. We're not looking to go too much 
above that in terms of volume. We're now focusing our energy just to cater 
to certain niche and high-end applications that will generate a better alpha. 
I just wanted to go through a few interesting applications.  
 
I was mentioning there's about 50 different applications of white oil. And 
there's some really unique ones. We discover new applications every day. 
So, recently in a trip to Australia, we went to a pharmaceutical giant and 
they are actually buying our pharmaceutical grade white oil and testing it 
for use in animal vaccines because the white oil is a good carrier of the 
strain of the vaccine. 
 
So, that was a really interesting revelation for me. It's used for egg coating. 
We've actually, our R&D team has done a huge amount of research on this 
and actually a pharmaceutical grade white oil coating on the eggs increases 
the life of eggs by about three to four weeks. 
 
So, then also on my trip, I had visited a bakery, one of the biggest bakeries 
in Australia called George Weston Foods. They use our pharma grade 
white oil in the bread cutters. So, they dip the bread cutters in our oil so 
that when it's slicing the bread, there's no remnant or stickiness of the 
bread on the cutter or in the blender where they blend the flour. 
 
So, there's just every day we're discovering new applications. It's a huge 
market out there and we're trying to focus on finding these niche 
applications and that's how we differentiate ourselves from our 
competition. Another application which I spoke about last year but I also 
want to mention again is the Hot Melt Adhesives. 
 
So, the Hot Melt Adhesives, it's used for example in diapers. I don't know 
how many of you guys are moms and dads, but we use disposable diapers 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 79 of 110 
 
all the time and that sticky part in the diaper which you stick together, that's 
actually a hot melt adhesive and we manufacture that oil. Even in all your 
water bottles, for example, Bisleri bottle, the label is stuck, right? 
 
So, that sticky glue, it's actually a Hot Melt Adhesives, which is the base of 
that is a naphthenic base oil. So, that's a big market. The total market size 
is about $10 billion globally and it's growing at 5% CAGR and that's where 
our specific focus is because it's niche products with high margins. 
 
Lastly, I just want to tell you a little bit about the global success story of you 
can say the power oil brand. I'll focus on six geographies. The first success 
story is Turkey. We've partnered up with a company called Arkema in 
Turkey. They have a local manufacturing facility in Istanbul. APAR has 
3,500 metric tons of storage in a bonded warehouse in Gebze Port. 
 
So, there's a famous saying, I don't know how many of you watch F1 but 
there was a legendary F1 driver by the name of Senna and dad likes to 
quote him a lot. There's one particular quote saying that on a sunny day 
when the conditions are perfect you can never overtake 15 cars, but when 
it's raining you can do that and when conditions are adverse and 
challenging like, how they are today with the global supply chain as you 
know, the Red Sea issue and there's bombing by the Houthi rebels on 
ships and whatnot. 
 
This is the perfect example because we've kind of omitted all that, beaten 
all of that. We get our material in bulk from the United States of America 
directly to Turkey and we then manufacture the product and sell it all over. 
So, as a result we've completely destroyed the competition. We have 50% 
now market share overall in Turkey for transformer oil and 85% market 
share for the paraffinic oil. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 80 of 110 
 
 
So, none of our Indian competitors are even close to being competitive 
right now and we've pretty much taken over that entire market. Last year 
volume was almost 15,000 metric tons and we're planning to grow above 
that. In South Africa we have a similar setup. We work with a company 
called Engine Petroleum. We used to bring in oil directly from the US there 
as well. Due to certain logistical constraints now, we supply the finished 
product. 
 
They have tankage over there. They handle and market the product. We 
have now one over 60% of market share in South Africa and we're one of 
two companies that has the ESKOM approval. That's been a major success 
story as well. In Australia we've partnered with DKSH. They're a EUR10 
billion trading giant based out of Switzerland. 
 
They have a strong presence in Australia. Why it was important to partner 
with them is they have a local storage capacity of 2000 KL. Australia is a 
huge country. It's a country continent. It's basically a continent by itself and 
as you know, Australia is rich in natural resources. They have coal, they 
have a whole bunch of gold, coal, uranium, a whole bunch of resources 
and these mines are located far into the desert, into the forests etc. 
 
So, the last mile delivery is extremely important and that's something being 
an international company you can never master. That's why we've 
partnered up with DKSH, so that they do the last mile delivery very 
efficiently on a need basis and as a result, we've taken over now 50% 
market share in transformer oil, 57% market share in white oil. Our volumes 
have grown steadily as you can see. 16% growth in the last 2 years and we 
expect it to continue to grow. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 81 of 110 
 
 
Fourthly in Malaysia we've partnered up with a company called Glide. We 
had zero presence in Malaysia 2 years ago, because they have a law saying 
that they will only give preference to Bhoomiputra meaning local owned 
companies. So, from doing 0% market share we've done the same thing 
in the sense we follow the Coca-Cola model whereas we supply them the 
base, we supply them our IP which is the additive. 
 
They blend it up over there. They've got the approval of the local utility 
which is TNB and last year from doing nothing 2 years ago, last year we 
did 1450 metric tons. This year we're on course already to beat that and I 
think that's been a wonderful success story for us. I won't spend too much 
time on the UAE. I covered it last year, but that's our own facility, that's 
where I'm based. 
 
We crossed 100,000 metric tons in production last year and we're now 
doing an expansion, because we want to grow the business. Lastly Saudi 
Arabia, that's the most exciting thing coming up. So, as you know, in Saudi 
there was a huge plan for Neom City. That's been scaled back a little bit, 
because I think in Saudi, they've bitten off more than they can chew. They 
have the Expo 2028. I think many of you might have heard of Expo 2020 
which was in Dubai. 
 
So, they have the same thing in Saudi Arabia in 2028. They have the FIFA 
World Cup in 2030 and I don't know how many people have been to 
Riyadh, but it's a very dilapidated old city, which needs a huge 
infrastructure overhaul. You might have read that in the UAE they put out 
50,000 hotel rooms just for the Expo 2020. 
 
In Saudi they're going to have to do the same thing and they want to do 
the same thing. So, there's a huge potential for growth. Secondly, they 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 82 of 110 
 
want everything made in Saudi. So, they're putting up barriers, import 
tariffs etc. To stop people from abroad supplying in. So, what APAR has 
done, we have partnered up with Luberef, which is the subsidiary of the 
Saudi Aramco. It's the base oil subsidiary. 
 
They have offered us a plot of land opposite their refinery. So, it's like 
going to the source, like going to Gangotri and getting the base oil. So, it 
will come in a pipeline from across the street directly to our tanks. So, you 
cut out the entire supply chain, freight rate. Generally, we buy from Korea 
or from Saudi. The material comes in ship and there's a cost associated. 
 
Here it will just come by pipeline across the street, eliminate all of that. We 
will sell within the Saudi market plus we will sell to North Africa and other 
countries in the GCC because then we will be part of the Arab trade 
agreement. So, we get a zero duty for any of these countries. So that's the 
exciting project now that's underway. 
 
We've already put in a land application and hopefully by the time, I come 
here next year I'll give you a very positive update on the progress of the 
factory. Thank you very much. I took a little extra time. Apologies for that 
and I'll pass it on to Ramesh. Thank you. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I'll take you through the financial overview for 
the company. Let me begin with by listing down the transformation 
initiatives taken by the company over the last 3 years which has driven 
financial outcome. There have been strategic transformation initiatives that 
the company took that has actually driven all these financial outcomes and 
a lot of these initiatives were actually taken in the past decade and as 
electrification requirements have been accelerating recently, we were able 
to tap the opportunities all in our way over the last 3 years or so. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 83 of 110 
 
 
We are an innovative and customer-centric company and this has actually 
allowed us to gain first mover advantage. We continue to hold significant 
market share in all the key product verticals that we launched, in terms of 
innovation and customer centricity. To name a few there are these HTLS, 
MVCC conductors, CTC, Bus bars, wind cables and cables that are used 
for specific industry application. 
 
As we launch products with an innovative mind-set it has always allowed us 
to remain ahead in the race vis-a-vis competition and this has actually 
allowed us to beat the competition and either penetrate the market or to 
continue to maintain the shares or to improve the gross margins. Products 
that launched were this E-beam technology, a market leader in the domestic 
business for the special grade transformer oil as well as the AL-59 
conductors. 
 
These products were launched with a competitive mindset, innovative 
mindset that has allowed us to beat the competition and again penetrate 
the market as well as increase the share. The result of the innovation, 
customer centricity and competitive edge products have resulted in 
revenue grow up from FY '21, which is about INR6,400 crores to about 
INR16,000 crores in FY '24 showing a CAGR of about 36%. We have also 
been strategically focusing on premiumising our product portfolio. 
 
The premium range of conductors has grown about 38% CAGR over the 
last three years as well as there has been higher emphasis on special 
application cables the cables that are used for renewables, defence, 
railways, shipping etc. The CAGR has been 48% in the last three years. 
The result of this premiumisation has been that the EBITDA margins for the 
company as a whole that used to be about 7% in FY '21 has now gone up 
to double digits in FY '24. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 84 of 110 
 
 
We are widening global presence with exports growing about 40% CAGR 
over the last three years. We sell to more countries now than what we used 
to do about five years ago. There has been strategic investment in growth 
levers. 
 
Our capex has steadily increased to over INR300 crores in FY '24 with a 
clear focus on premium business verticals as we expand our production 
capacity ahead of market demand to leverage the opportunities coming 
our way.  
We have been optimally allocating capital across all the three business 
divisions. The net fixed assets of the conductor division were about 315 
crores in FY '20. That has risen to over INR400 crores in FY '24. The oil 
division, the net fixtures has gone up from INR267 crores to about INR288 
crores. And in case of cable division, the fixtures have gone up from 
INR300 crores to about INR550 crores. 
 
Our fixed asset turnover ratio has steadily increased to about 10x to 12x 
with higher turns for the oil and the conductor business and relatively lower 
turns for the cable business. The result of the allocation of capital into 
higher margin products has really seen the margin profile going up with 
the competitive edge and innovative products that we talked about earlier. 
Across all the three business verticals, we see margins going up. 
 
The conductor EBITDA per metric ton has gone up from about 11,000 per 
metric ton to close to about 40,000 per metric ton in FY '24 with the 
margins going from 4.7% to 10.8%. The cable margins have been about 
11 odd percentage steadies over the last three years. And oil EBITDA has 
gone up from about 3,000 per KL to about 5,700 per KL. Again, the 
margin jump has been about 5.2% to 6.4%. As we allocate capital to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 85 of 110 
 
products division with higher margin profile this has actually improved the 
overall efficiency for the company as a whole with the ROCE which used 
to be about 10 to 12% in FY '2021 has gone up to about over 30% in FY 
'23 and also to about 34% in FY '24. As we did the QIP towards the end 
of the year, there has been the base of INR1,000 crores sitting the 
denominator due to which you see the ROCE coming down to 26%. But if 
you look at Ex-QIP the ROCE has been about 34% for FY '24.  
Our financials indicate strong capability to generate positive cash flows 
over time. If you see from where it began in FY '20, we had a beginning 
cash flow of INR400 crores. The operating cash flows, we added about 
INR2,000 crores during the period from FY '20 to FY '24. Of course, in 
the financial, you will see about INR1,136 crores.  The INR983 crores of 
QIP was deployed into working capital. Therefore, you see a number of 
INR1,100 crores. But Ex-QIP, we generated about INR2,000 crores of 
operating cash flows. About INR700 crores was deployed towards income 
tax. We invested INR900 crores of these cash flows back into the business 
through capex and about INR334 crores was paid as dividend, with the 
closing cash flow of about INR587 crores. So, the money that largely got 
generated, a substantial part has been invested back into the business 
through capex with the potential to generate further revenues in years to 
come. 
 
Over the period of time, our free cash flows have increased to what it used 
to be negative INR200 crores in FY '20 to about INR170 crores, INR84 
crores, INR342 crores. And Ex-QIP, we have been generating about 
INR121 crores in FY '24.  
Over the last five years, our revenue has grown by about 15%. Our EBITDA 
growth has been about 27%. Our EBITDA margin has increased by about 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 86 of 110 
 
3.6% from 6.5% in FY '20 to about 10.1% in FY '24 backed by premium 
products, innovative products, products that we launched with customer 
centricity in focus. There has been a very strong focus on keeping working 
capital tight under control.  Our average net outstanding days based on 
last three years has been just about 50 odd days of which more than 50% 
has been within secured receivables. We have been very tightly focusing 
on whom we sell, who are our customers and more than 50% of our 
receivables are backed by either letter of credit or insurances. We have 
less than 2% exposure to state-run distribution companies. And with a 
strong monitoring of working capital, we are able to strongly manage the 
cash flows. The net debt, which was about INR153 crores in FY '20 has 
turned to a net cash positive of about INR180 crores. So, over the period, 
we generated a net cash of about INR335 crores in the last five years. 
 
The QIP that we launched last year further strengthened our balance sheet 
of INR1,000 crores getting into the kitty. We deployed that into the net 
working capital that has helped us to improve the working capital ratios. It 
has reduced the debt equity ratios from 0.14 to 0.1, as well as outside 
liabilities to total equity has come down from 2.67 to 1.48.  
There exists robust growth drivers and strong head rooms for growth based 
on the renewables and transmission expansion, as you've been hearing 
since morning. Growth opportunities exist from differentiations as well as 
improvisations. We'll benefit from the shift from China plus one 
happening. The macro environment is conducive for our kind of business. 
Along with that, a dominant market position and leadership positions 
across all the three categories is actually helping us. Our operating 
efficiency, we are able to leverage on that. We've already reached double 
digit EBITDA margins. Our PAT margins have been about 5% that has 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 87 of 110 
 
increased steadily year after year. We have a strong capital structure. We 
work on very less debt. Our debt equity ratio has been just about 0.1. The 
credit ratings have got upgraded from the last few years, which we expect 
further to improve with the QIP funds coming into the company. We 
delivered about ROE of more than 20%. With effective risk management 
strategies, we feel that we are appropriately positioned to tap the long-term 
opportunities coming our way.  
The EPS, which was about INR36 in FY '19 has gone up to over INR200 
in FY '24. The conductor division has added about INR115 per share over 
the last five years. The cable division has added about INR37 per share 
over the last five years and the oil division adding about INR23 per share. 
Across the divisions, we have been expanding across the globe, 
predominantly in US, EU and Australia, that has helped to improve the top 
line as well as bottom line.  There has been a clear focus on premiumization 
across all the business verticals, improving the margin profile for the 
company. As I said about innovation and customer centric, I have already 
spoken about that. And the per unit EBITDA realisation has accelerated, 
which has improved overall margins as well as EPS for the company as a 
whole. 
 
Lastly, through FY '28, we feel that over the years, we will aspire to maintain 
leadership position across the key business verticals with continuous 
innovation and cutting-edge products will be launched over the years to 
come. We will be very keenly focusing on capex to improve capacity, 
especially in the premium business verticals, which we have. 
 
We will continue to tap domestic opportunities coming our way at the same 
time expand a global footprint as well. And overall, we feel that we will be 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 88 of 110 
 
able to tap the opportunities and to leverage the energy transition that we 
are going to see in the future. Thank you so much. 
Suyash Saraogi: 
Good afternoon. I am Suyash Saraogi. So, what is the objective of this 
presentation? It is to highlight how important sustainability is. If you want 
to remain plugged in into the global supply chains, sustainability becomes 
extremely important. As we are seeing that exports are going to be a key 
lever for APAR and sustainability will become key to qualify for this 
business. 
Also, I would like to show what we have done on sustainability at APAR. 
So, I just want to spend a minute on this slide. COP stands for Conference 
of Parties. It is the main decision body of the UNFCCC and includes 
representatives from all the countries. There are 197 countries. And the 
COP meetings are crucial for funding key decisions on issues related to 
climate change, such as emission reduction targets, financial support and 
adaptation measures. 
And these meetings are held annually. The last one was held in Dubai in 
2023, started from Berlin in 1995. So, what happens is that based on these 
COPs, each country has accordingly declared its NDCs, that's Nationally 
Determined Contributions, and now is requiring their corporates to reduce 
their energy emissions. 
So that's what's happening. So therefore, these corporates from Europe, 
from US, from Australia and other countries are pushing their supply chain 
partners, that is companies like APAR, to reduce their emissions. So that's 
how the pressure is coming. And this pressure is increasing as the days 
are going by. So APAR's customers who have committed to Net Zero as 
per their country's mandate are demanding low carbon product from their 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 89 of 110 
 
suppliers. Some of these customers have put stringent sustainability criteria 
as bidding qualifications. 
There are some tenders you can't quote if you don't meet the sustainability 
criteria. In addition, there are regulatory compliances. I'd like to mention 
CBAM, which is Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism, which I'll touch at 
the end of my presentation. And of course there are cost savings. When 
you reduce your carbon emissions means you're using less energy. Less 
energy means less cost. 
So, I'm going to spend the next part of the presentation on the alignment 
of the organization's purpose, strategy, business and governance. So, 
sustainability is an integral part of APAR's business. So, there are three 
parts to it, economic on the left, environment and social. So, the economic 
piece has been adequately covered in the previous presentation, so I'll 
stick to environment and social. So, APAR has integrated sustainability into 
its core business operations. It involves adopting eco-friendly processes, 
promoting social responsibility and aligning the company goals with 
sustainable development goals. 
So, APAR has formed a board-level committee, the Corporate Social 
Responsibility and Sustainability Committee, and the purpose is to review 
sustainability goals, ESG risks and opportunities, ESG targets, and 
performance against established sustainability metrics, as well as 
sustainability-related policies, programs and initiatives. So, our CMD has 
also completed a course in business and climate change towards Net Zero 
emissions from the Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership, just 
shows the commitment from the top. Now we'll come to measurement, 
disclosure and target setting. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 90 of 110 
 
So quickly, so it's good to talk about it, but what have we done? So, oil 
business, we have reduced our emissions from 0.009 tons of carbon 
emission per kiloliter of product to 0.006, it's a 33% reduction over two 
years, the emissions intensity. In the cables and conductor business, we 
have reduced it from 0.321 tons of carbon per ton of product produced to 
0.275, which works out to 14%. Our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, 
Scope 1 is the fuel that we consume inside our plants and Scope 2 is the 
grid electricity that we get, is about 1,24,000 tons. So how have we 
reduced it? 
We have increased electrification, reducing from fossil fuels to electricity, 
we've implemented various productivity measures, we discussed about 
industry 4.0, KAIZEN, Six Sigma and all those things in the earlier 
presentations, and we've increased the share of renewable energy. Just to 
let you know, like in Gujarat, for example, we are getting a lot of renewable 
energy, it costs INR3.5 per kilowatt hour lower than grid electricity, so it 
makes good business sense also, and it reduces our carbon emissions. 
So, I mentioned in the earlier slide that we had an emission of 1,24,000 
tons of carbon, so we got it verified by DNV. DNV is probably one of the 
most credible organizations for certification. Water. Water in India is free, 
although India is one of the most water-stressed countries. The problem is, 
what happens if the water goes out? What do you do with your plants? 
So, what we are doing is that we have reduced our water consumption 
from 3,25,000 kiloliters in 2022-23 to 3,14,000 kiloliters, in spite of 20% 
increase in volume of production, so this is the absolute reduction. This 
has been done through demand-side management as well as supply-side 
management, and a lot of focus is going on in that, because water security 
is going to be a key risk for the future. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 91 of 110 
 
CDP disclosure. CDP is a global platform; it's called the Carbon Disclosure 
Project. Customers want us to declare in CDP, CDP rates us, and they want 
to get the scores directly from CDP, that's for our global customers. We 
got a score of B’s last year, and only 27 companies in India were ahead of 
us, most were the IT companies and companies like ITC and Tata, which 
had started way before us. We are going to make our submission this year 
in October, and hopefully we'll get the result by December. 
EcoVadis. EcoVadis is a renowned evidence-based online platform, 
providing supplier sustainability ratings and allowing companies to assess 
the ESG performance of their global suppliers. We got a silver rating last 
year, and we are submitting our, we are making our submission in 
September, we hope to do better this year. 
BRSR, we all know is mandated by SEBI, it's part of our annual report, we 
have done our BRSR submission also. We make -- annually we make our 
ESG reports and the third edition of the ESG report is available at our site, 
the fourth one will be done by, within October. That is for 23-24. 
TCFT, Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. So, we are not 
only assessing the climate risk, but we are also quantifying the risks, and 
setting a process for regular monitoring and mitigating it, by integrating it 
into our ERM, that is our Enterprise Risk Management. So, this TCFT is a 
very critical thing, it goes with CDP, so we do that. So, we are working on 
our report, it will be ready by September end. 
Then there are these EPDs, that is Environmental Product Declarations. So, 
we have measured and reported the EPD for four products, it's there on 
our website. Basically, what it does is, it communicates the carbon emission 
of the product, that it starts from the cradle to the gate. In other words, like 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 92 of 110 
 
for our aluminium conductors, it would mean starting from bauxite mining 
to the time the finished conductor is ready for delivery from APAR's factory 
gate. So, we do this cradle to grave thing. So that becomes very important 
for the customers to know what is the carbon footprint of the product that 
they are buying? 
We are working on 10 EPDs, which should be ready within this year, in 
addition to the four that have already been done. SBTI. SBTI is Science 
Based Target Initiatives, we have registered for it, and we are committing 
that by 2030, our products will have -- our products, that includes the raw 
material, will have 50% less carbon emission per ton of product produced 
from what it is last year. 
So that's the commitment we are doing, which will require effort at our 
plant, effort with our raw material suppliers, inward logistics, everything, 
so that's the level of commitment we are doing. This becomes critical again 
to become part of the global supply chains. 
So, the fact is that with these five disclosures, that is CDP, EcoVadis, ESG 
report, TCFD and EPDs, we can be sure that our global customers and 
other stakeholders will find us adhering to the highest standards of 
transparency and commitment. 
Now we'll come to the path to Net Zero. So, what is our energy transition 
plan? So, first is renewable energy adoption. So, our target is that by March 
'26, we'll have 29% of our electricity will be through renewable energy. 
By March '28, we expect it to become 45%. Of course, there are energy 
efficiency measures that we are doing in terms of we've had energy audits 
at all our plants, we've identified where we can reduce our energy 
consumption, and we are working hard on those things. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 93 of 110 
 
And of course, like we said, I said earlier, 50% GHG emission intensity 
reduction by 2030. There's a target that we have taken as a company. Of 
course, there are development of low carbon products, which we had 
mentioned in the previous presentation. It's ACCC conductors, Poweroil 
NE, Poweroil NE Premium, natural ester-based and synthetic ester-based 
transformer fluids, and of course, APAR's advanced automotive lubricants. 
These all were mentioned earlier, I'll not spend time on this. 
Most important thing is procurement. Like I mentioned, that when we look 
at our carbon footprint, we have to reduce our raw materials, the intensity 
of the raw materials. And remember, suppliers are not in our direct control. 
So, a lot of work has started happening. So, what are we doing about it? 
We are actively working to identify and reduce our scope 3 emissions 
through collaborative initiatives with our suppliers. Procurement of low 
carbon embedded raw materials, including green aluminium, increased 
engagement through regular supplier awareness programs, making 
suppliers understand, agree and sign the APAR supplier code of conduct. 
Use molten aluminium as direct raw material at our Orissa plants, which 
actually reduces our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. Increase recycling in 
the manufacturing process to reduce wastage and of course, increased use 
of aluminium and copper scrap as raw material. Buy scrap and use it. It's 
also cheaper and also it has very little scope 3 emissions. So, we got the 
Great Place of Work certification last year. Sorry, this year. 
The last is the challenges and forward path. So, I want to spend a minute 
on this CBAM. CBAM is Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism. This has 
been introduced by the EU. It is going to start next year. So, what it basically 
does is, I'll go to the next slide. So, the CBAM will require Indian exporters, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 94 of 110 
 
including APAR, to monitor and report the carbon footprint of the 
aluminium products. 
This is a legislation that is imposed by the EU, which will basically tax the 
embedded carbon in the products that we do. So that's why it becomes 
very important to reduce the carbon intensity of both our raw materials as 
well as our finished products. 
Now, what is the impact of APAR? So, we checked the CBAM regulation 
and said, which of our products are affected by the CBAM because Europe 
is a key market for us. There are only two products. One is ACSR conductor 
and one is ACCC conductor. So, our estimates were that based on the 
carbon tax that is there currently, which is not being enforced right now, 
but just as a reference, and based on the current volumes that we are doing 
right now, the impact would be about INR10 crores. 
But of course, next year, 2026, when it starts, it'll be a lot less because 
we'll have reduced our carbon footprint in those products significantly. But 
the good part is that I'm sure that our competition will be nowhere close to 
it. So that will give us a great competitive advantage and of course, improve 
our brand. 
So, what's our forward path? We will complete our TCFD report. We will 
disclose in September, October to CDP and EcoVadis. We will augment 
our wind, solar, renewable energy capacity. We will engage more 
seriously with suppliers for scope three emissions. We will complete the 
10 EPDs for our environmental product declarations for our cable products 
and of course, we'll increase our scrap processing to reduce costs and 
reduce our emissions. Thank you. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 95 of 110 
 
Kushal Desai: 
We started a little bit late and I think we've gone a little bit overboard in 
terms of time, but apologies for that. I know we stand between now and 
lunch, but I think after having heard all these presentations, a few questions 
would be in order. And so, we'll make an attempt to answer those questions 
which have already been put up. Pradeep, are you going to? Yes, so 
Pradeep will come up with the question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Kushal bhai and the speakers for the detailed 
presentations. So, we'll take up the Q&A. We'll be as brief as possible in 
the interest of the time. There is also a QR code on each of the desks and 
in case you can scan and put in your questions. 
Moderator: 
So, the first question for Kushal bhai, what is the current revenue from the 
turnkey solutions and what exactly do we do in turnkey business and the 
future outlook? And what is the reconductoring contribution, 
reconductoring margin in India and our market share? 
This question is from Amit Anwani from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Hello. So, the current turnkey solutions that we do in the conductor division 
would be about somewhere about 10% to 12% of the total conductor 
business. The HTLS, which is High Transmission Low Sag, plus the turnkey 
put together would be about 25% of the total conductor business. 
And in this reconductoring, we do only a mini reconductoring, which is 
removing the existing conductors from the tower and putting in place a 
new conductor, which is a High Transmission Low Sag conductor, wherein 
the conductor cost would be about 70% to 80% of the total turnkey 
solutions. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 96 of 110 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. This question is for CND sir. For the US and Europe 
market, what kind of new products are we going to target in the medium 
term and possibly highlight the market share in the competitive landscape? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So currently in the US, mostly the conventional conductors are used, but 
because of their environment difference, there are some cold areas with 
ice and all that. So, they are a little different version of the ACSR 
conductors. Similar is the case of Europe, where mostly conventional 
conductors are used. But in future, we see a lot of work happening on 
reconductoring in the US. So, a lot of active presentations are being given 
to the authorities there. And in times to come, even the HTLS varieties of 
conductors will be used. 
Kushal Desai: 
Just to add to what Chaitanya has mentioned, contrary to what we would 
think intuitively, to build a new conductor line in India, it takes about three 
years to get the permissions for putting up the line. When you move to the 
United States, it takes closer to 10 years. So, in fact, there is a huge backlog 
of approvals that are required for transmission lines to be set up. And there 
are two major drivers to it. One is you've got a lot of solar farms, wind 
farms etc. in the pipeline or which have got commission that are not able 
to actually evacuate power. 
Secondly, the United States is by far the leader in terms of putting up data 
centers and hyperscaler data centers. And the consumption of electricity 
there is going to triple or quadruple as these data centers come up. They're 
concentrated right now in just five states. 90% of data centers in the US are 
just in five states. And even in those five states, there will be a big increase 
in transmission lines and power required. Even if you move as Rishabh 
says, from air-cooled solutions to liquid-cooled solutions. So, I think over 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 97 of 110 
 
the next five, seven years, there is a massive opportunity for 
reconductoring. 
And in fact, if you see Manish Agarwal put up, made a reference to India's 
500-gigawatt renewable energy plan. It's a central plan. It's something that 
Prime Minister Modi has been really pushing for. So that plan actually 
outlines where these 500 gigawatts of generation is going to come from 
and it has also 500 gigawatts of transmission that will evacuate the power 
from these sources. 
What it is missing completely is reconductoring opportunities. It covers 
only new lines that are coming in. Now in reality, that's not going to 
happen. Right away is so difficult. 
 
And increasingly in India, as I was speaking to some of you in the breaks, 
every person in India has discovered the value of their land. Just to give 
you an idea, when we bought land in Khatalwad, same place, it's a 
relatively rural area in, you know, compared to the urban centers. In a span 
of 14 years, you're paying 10 times the value of the land. 
 
And this is the case across the country, whether it's in Mumbai or whether 
it's in some small town, even the guys in Kutch have realized that their land 
is very valuable if 30 gigawatts need to be put in here. So, as you saw in 
Manisha's chart, and just by the way, this presentation will come up on our 
website today. So, you will have access to it right away. 
 
There is going to be an explosion of reconductoring opportunities around 
the world, because this problem which is there in India is there everywhere. 
And with the United States having this decade long policy, because you 
know, it's, if you think India is uncoordinated between center and states, 
you've got to look at the US. It is a mess. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 98 of 110 
 
 
So as a consequence, the best solution is to reconductor because you don't 
need a right of way. The only stakeholders really are the utility company, 
and the supplier that's going to do the reconductoring for you. So that's 
why, you know, you may have any plan, but if you really want to do 
something, there is going to be a lot of this happening. 
 
So, the reason I bring this up is that it's a new dimension. It's not covered 
under the possibilities which are there when you saw that 50,000 circuit 
kilometers, etc. It's talking about new lines, but the whole reconductoring 
will happen and the logic for it, which we have been also lobbying with 
the CEA and the ministry through various bodies is that if you're going to 
see a 4x increase in electric consumption, you actually need to optimize 
the amount of power that can be carried on each and every line that exists. 
 
And if you reconducted it in 10 years, 12 years, again, it's going to get 
saturated. So anyway, you're going to require parallel lines to take place. 
But until you get those ROWs and put parallel lines in place, you need to 
max out all the existing lines. 
 
So, it's a long answer to your question that in the US right now, as 
Chaitanya says, they're using very base products. India is far ahead in terms 
of the technology that we use on transmission, but they are also going to 
have to transition to it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kushal Bhai. We have the next question. This is for Mr. Shashi 
Amin. How much capex is required for the total of the targeted INR10,000 
crores of revenue in the cable division over the next four years or five 
years? And who are the key global and local competition in the US and 
Europe? And in which verticals are we targeting in the market sharing 
phase? Yes, thanks. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 99 of 110 
 
Shashi Amin: 
We are looking at a capex of about INR600 to INR700 crores to scale up 
our number from INR4,000 or INR5,000 crores to INR10,000 crores. And 
regarding the competition in the US, it's the global players, Prysmian, 
Nexans, Southwire, then you have Aconite, who's a competition for us 
when we talk about covered conductors, Hendrix. These are the few I can 
think of. 
 
As far as Europe is concerned, it's again Prysmian, Nexans and Turkey, 
also a lot of players who are supplying cables to that. Then you have LAP, 
then you have Leone. Smaller players are also there in European countries. 
 
And as far as our target is concerned, it's mainly, our focus would be on 
renewable, solar and wind. Currently, as we said, we are market leaders 
in India. We are supplying solar wind cables to the US. There are a few 
manufacturers of wind in Europe. We are focusing on that in the next few 
months. And Europe is mainly rooftop solar, so not much of solar farms. 
 
But in the US, Australia, it's more of solar farms ranging from 250 megawatt 
to 1 gigawatt. So, the focus is mainly on renewables for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. This question is from Sean from Aberdeen, for Ramesh, sir. 
Moderator: 
Any growth and profitability targets that you can share? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, so we have been guiding growth for all the three divisions. We feel 
that cable division will be the fastest growing sector for us, growing about 
25% per annum due to the addressable market being high as compared to 
other divisions. Given the scale of transmission and expansion happenings, 
we feel that the conductor division can also grow by about 10% to 15% 
year on year. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 100 of 110 
 
 
And given the scale increase that's happening across transformer oil, we 
feel that the oil division would be growing about 5% to 8%, of which the 
transformer oil is likely to reach to double digit growth. And these kinds of 
numbers, we are looking for a medium to long term perspective. 
Kushal Desai: 
When we did the growths, our transformer oil business, if you take the 
domestic and the export, they're almost equal in terms of their growth. 
We've grown, last five quarters, we've grown at about 18%. And it's going 
to be linear with, as Chaitanya mentioned, that the current expansion is 
much more substation intensive. 
 
And the most expensive component in that substation is the transformer. 
So, as you start moving into higher voltage categories, you have 
transformer rectifier combination. So again, the amount of oil that gets 
used is higher in terms of volume. Also, the insulation requirements and 
characteristics become very high. Because what you need to insulate 
33,000 volts versus 765,000 volts is a little bit different. So, the 
specifications are different. 
 
The criteria are also different. And to tell you very interestingly, in most 
markets around the world that we sell, other than India, the competition is 
between three to four players. In many markets, it's just two. 
 
It's only in India where people manage to use various connections and 
means to get themselves approved and supply. So, when the total cost of 
ownership comes in, which is the prevalent standard in most of these 
countries, they're very conservative in terms of who will buy. The other 
thing that we have, just a little snippet in here, you saw from Manish's 
presentation that there's a huge addition of HVDC cables, transmission 
systems coming up. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 101 of 110 
 
 
So, APAR today has over 85% market share in transformer oil that goes 
into HVDC. And we have been condition monitoring from the initial 
transformers that we have filled in of HVDC. So, the first transformer that 
was filled in is in 2001. 
 
And we do condition monitoring that every six months, that oil has 
deteriorated almost nothing from 2001 to 2024. And it has been certified 
for 20 years of additional usage. So, we really produce a very high-quality 
product. 
 
The hydrocarbon composition and the formulation are quite strong. So, I 
think the growth will come in the oil sector will come largely driven by 
transformer oil. Also, what Sundar covered was the increase in volume. 
 
There is also a massive premiumization that's going on in the lubricant 
industry. Because drain intervals, and he did mention about some 
products, the drain intervals on a truck, for example, in the last 15 years 
has gone from about 5,000 to 7,000 kilometers to closer to 100,000 
kilometers. So even though the vehicle park is going up, number of pieces 
of vehicles, two things are happening. 
 
One is that the distance has been increasing. The distances that trucks with 
GST coming in, there is a lot more mileage that's going on compared to 
before. And secondly, the drain intervals have substantially increased. So, 
in spite of having a 15-fold increase in drain interval, you're still having a 
growth in the overall sale of lubricants. So, the value story is another story 
compared to the volume story. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have this question from Gautam from Nepean Capital. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 102 of 110 
 
Moderator: 
This is for Chaitanya bhai. The conductor margins have been very strong. 
Any expectation of normalization and could it hold the FY23 levels? And 
another follows up question is, are there any plans to start or acquiring new 
businesses? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, on the conductor margin, we have been saying that because of 
premiumization, clearly the margins has gone up almost three to four X as 
what it used to be in three to four years earlier. While we premiumize our 
portfolio, we have been having the margins about 38,000 to 48,000 per 
ton. We don't expect it suddenly to come down in a quarter or two. 
 
But what we expect is that as competition catches up and with all the 
favorable benefits, if everything goes out of the benefit from APAR, even 
then we'll be able to maintain about somewhere about 28,000 per metric 
ton is what we have been saying. At the same time, we feel that the 
opportunities are high, especially on premiumized premium products and 
reconductoring business. So, we may expect that our margins to be on a 
higher side. 
 
But on a conservative note, if you want to make a financial plan for three 
years, five years, that's where we have been guiding a margin of about 
28,000 per metric ton. 
Moderator: 
We have a question for Manish, is he available or can I ask this question? 
Sure. What is the current AL-59 revenue contribution and how much 
growth or revenue contribution can we expect from AL-59 in the coming 
years? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
AL-59 has been about 15% of the total conductor volume and in the 
domestic market we have completely substituted the ACSR products with 
the AL-59 which is a much more premium product than the ACSR one. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 103 of 110 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
This year we may go more like 33% by volume… 
Kushal Desai: 
So, you know in that chart as you saw, what's happening is that this was a 
first step where the market is changing and I'll spend a minute to just 
explain to you how this is happening. So, until a couple years ago, the CEA 
had mandated, Chaitanya had put up a little table there which gives how a 
tender looks like. So, they mandate in there everything, the type of 
conductor, size of conductor, all that sort of stuff. 
 
So, it used to have just one column. Then they added a second one which 
was triple AC, that's an all-aluminium conductor. Now they've added AL-
59. They're hopefully moving towards actually then opening that subject 
up completely and this is what we've been working with in terms of the 
CEA and the ministry saying that India has to look at the total cost of 
ownership. Once you look at the total cost of ownership, low loss and high 
efficiency conductors and all these other premium conductors, there's a 
completely dramatic difference in terms of the paybacks when you use 
these high efficiency conductors over ACSR and AL-59 are also in the 5-
year, 7-year, 8-year range when the life of that conductor is 35 years.  
 
So, the whole equation will further change, you know, as they bring about 
that regulation. So, to answer that question, as what Ramesh is talking 
about, over a period of time we would expect the conductor margins to 
normalise to 28,000 a tonne, you know, if some of these tailwinds and 
these things are removed. But when you start having these sorts of 
legislation changing or the options that you can use changing and start 
bringing in these other paradigms, you know, total cost of ownership, etc, 
etc, reconductoring, the whole margin profile can again undergo a reboot. 
So, if you just stick to this and continue to innovate in this particular space, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 104 of 110 
 
the opportunities will keep on increasing as the environment changes and 
as the legislation starts changing. 
Moderator: 
The next question for Rishabh Desai, how much of transformer oil demand 
comes from new transformers and how much is that in the aftermarket at 
the industry level? 
Rishabh Desai: 
So, I think the split is 85-15 and most of the demand comes from new 
transformers. I think over the world the grid is expanding, there's new 
power stations coming up, new cities being built, Egypt is shifting its 
capital, Indonesia is trying to shift its capital, there's a lot of development 
going on. So, there are a few top-up jobs in which we supply to drums, to 
the utilities, but that's much smaller volumes. 
 
As I said, the oil is supposed to last for about anywhere between 20 to 40 
years, depending on the quality. So, there is some conversion over time of 
the oil to sludge, but of course the quality ensures that conversion is 
minimum and just a small top-up job has to be done. Yes, 5% odd top-up 
per year. 
Moderator: 
So how is the freight impacting your export business and do you think 
some of this will lead to low margins in the near term? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, freight has been a complete yo-yo. So, we had very low freight during 
the COVID period, freight had fallen to almost unworkable levels. Then you 
had this one ship coming in and blocking the sewers and then freight went 
completely ballistic for the next 18 months. 
 
And then as things normalised, interestingly, freight came down to most 
destinations below what it was in 2019, until the US decided to increase 
tariffs on Chinese products, which will kick in on the 1st of September. So, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 105 of 110 
 
there is a whole set of products, which includes all aluminium-based 
products, where there is approximately a 25% increase in custom duty 
coming in. So, from whatever estimates we have, the Chinese 
manufacturers along the solar supply chain were holding between one and 
two years of inventory in terms of panels, junction boxes, and all these 
things. 
 
And with this tariff coming on all aluminium-based products, including 
batteries and certain other EV components, there has been this huge push 
that has taken place, to the US, which is what has disrupted freights. In fact, 
containers have just not been available. Typically, we saw that, after the 
situation started normalising, it took about a year for the previous cycle to 
normalise. 
 
It could take anywhere between six months to a year for this cycle to again 
normalise. Because what happens, containers start getting stranded in 
certain places, they need to come back, into where the supply chain is. 
Some geographies will come back much faster, like Southeast Asia, Middle 
East, etc. But when you start shipping across, to the US and Europe and 
Latin America, it may take a little bit longer. It's just anybody's guess how 
quickly that freight situation will improve. But my sense is that you will start 
seeing improvement by the end of the year and by middle of next year, it 
will probably get normalised. 
 
Often containers start getting produced more when you have a spike in 
freight, which is exactly what happened, because of which the freight rates 
fell up below the 2019 levels as such. So, if at all there is a problem, it's 
not going to really be a long-term structural issue. It's a, a much shorter-
term problem. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 106 of 110 
 
 
As far as our overall demand is concerned, I think we have an advantage 
here in India that the home market is very strong. So, if, there are some 
delays or there are some EPC players who may push out deliveries because 
they have to pay for the freight and so as a consequence, what would have 
gone in the next quarter may go after another quarter or two quarters. So, 
in the meantime, you've got a strong domestic demand where you can 
repurpose, some of your equipment and sales. 
 
So, there will be some impact, but I don't think it's going to be enough to 
derail the train. Usually once it starts normalising, you start seeing a big 
surge and a catch up that happens in the markets which are difficult to 
service because of freight. I hope that answers the question. 
Moderator: 
So, for the conductor division, how do we describe the moat in our 
business, the barriers to entry, given that new players are entering like KEC 
possibly? And I'm not sure, but if KEC is also getting operational in the 
conductor division, what is the moat in our business? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
One is, of course, as I mentioned the technology of the new products. So, 
these have been developed over a long period of time and it does need a 
fair amount of metallurgy. So, we need to be backward integrated in terms 
of making our own alloys. In terms of the competition, some name you 
mentioned, so they are basically a cable manufacturer who have the 
equipment to make conductors. And we believe that it would be easy for 
them to make conventional type product, but for any new party to get into 
the more value-added products, it will take a fair amount of time and effort. 
Kushal Desai: 
I think there is a fundamental difference. If you take, you specifically 
mentioned KEC and they are a great company and a very good customer 
of ours as of date. But they are an EPC company that wants to make 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 107 of 110 
 
conductors reduce cost. We are a conductor company that wants to make 
conductors to be a very important part of this whole energy transition which 
means that and as you may have seen through the presentation, we have 
been working very closely with customers to understand what are their pain 
points, what are their problems and then develop products and services to 
be able to deliver that.  
So, if you see the whole high efficiency conductors, the whole HTLS, the 
whole hybrid products that Girish spoke about extensively, the ester-based 
transformer oils that have come up, because you are going to have offshore 
solar. In India, there is already a lot of solar that is coming up on the water. 
So, they are using lakes, they have started using the rivers to build solar. 
So, we are actually very focused on delivering solutions to our customers. 
And for that you need to have a certain technology understanding and 
experience too. There is a lot of money that has gone into the R&D facilities 
in place. If you, I mean, some of you may have visited the plants. There is 
a lot of work going on in Rakoli, so we took people to the other plant, 
which is Athola. 
But if you see, there is a huge amount of work that has gone in over the 
last 10-15 years, and it's not something that one can catch up. Secondly, 
the culture that we build in the company is one which is focused on 
innovation and solutioning. And yes, you can buy equipment and put it in 
the plant, but buying culture is a bit more difficult. 
So, I think, yes, there will be competition. People will see numbers. In 
India, if you do anything good, five other guys want to jump into it. But 
hopefully, we've gotten on to momentum where we are able to, you know, 
remain at least a step ahead of the competition. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 108 of 110 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take up last two questions in the interest of time. So, this is for the 
telecom division. On the target of INR10,000 crores of total revenue, are 
we considering the telecom division as a part of that or separate? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So that telecom will be separate. Currently, telecom is a very small 
proportion, but overall, INR10,000 crores, we are looking at excluding 
telecom. 
Moderator: 
Capex guidance for the next two to three years? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Capex we are likely to spend about INR300 crores to INR350 crores year-
on-year, and that may see over the next few years. As we need to build 
turnover, as I said, turnover ratio is about 10 to 12 times. We'll need about 
INR300 to INR350 crores capex over the next two years, next few years.  
And largely around the capex will be spent about in the cable division as 
well as in the conductor division. As oil division, we have still spare 
capacity, but a lot of capex is likely to be spent on these two divisions. 
Kushal Desai: 
Just in terms of our last comment, just a closing comment that we've titled 
this as energy, enabling the energy transition. The only thing I wanted to 
leave you with a thought here is that two things. One is that energy is the 
biggest business in the world. There is no business that comes anywhere 
close to energy in terms of the physical volume and the dollars that are 
involved, because it covers everything from oil, gas, coal right down to 
renewables, nuclear, all that.  
Secondly, when you're looking at 20% going to 40% and the kind of 
growth of 4X that is going to happen, it's not going to be an energy 
transition, it's an energy revolution that's happening. And we don't feel it 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 109 of 110 
 
so much because you can't touch and feel electricity it just comes here and 
it lights up the bulb, you don't realize how it has come there. 
But for people who are in this industry, believe me for the next 20 years, 
25 years, the kind of opportunities that is going to throw up for people 
who are along the entire supply chain, globally is just unprecedented. I've 
never seen, I've been around now for 35 years, never seen anything like 
this. It's really a tsunami of change coming in. And this revolution will be 
as big if not bigger than the whole steam engine.  
You don't realize the amount of transition that's happening. And in many 
cases, because it's so huge, you will have bottlenecks and you will have 
problems, but I can tell you that for someone in the industry and who's 
been playing across many verticals in here, the end destination point, 
which is a 4x growth is pretty much written in stone. What will vary is the 
timeframe in which you will hit that. And different countries will be able to 
hit it at a different pace. 
What we are seeing really is that the G20 countries are the ones where 
most of that work is happening. Because they have access to capital, they 
also have a much better regulation in place. So, in case a producer puts in 
assets, there is a dispute or there is a problem, there is a proper 
mechanism for being able to address it and source it. So, there will be 
growth happening. Most of this growth will come from the G20 countries. 
You won't have someone queuing up and running to put a one-gigawatt 
power plant in Zimbabwe, for example.  
Whereas it's much easier to put it in India or in Australia or in the United 
States. So, the growth will be a little bit uneven geographically. The time 
could be elastic a little bit, but that destination is going to happen. And 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
Investor Day – August 28, 2024 
 
Page 110 of 110 
 
finally, those numbers will have to pan out because there is no other 
choice. So, if you if you are patient with this space and you're looking at it 
carefully and seeing which players are actually innovating and doing the 
right things in here, then I'm sure that their stories will play out over a 
period of time.  
I thought I'd just leave you with that last comment. And I guess lunch is 
pretty much ready. Apologies again that we've gone a good. We started 
half an hour late because of the rains, just to accommodate more people 
to be able to come in, but we are around here during lunch. Happy to 
answer any further questions. Thank you. 
 
