 
 
14 August 2024 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for 
the quarter ending 30 June 2024. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
 
https://youtu.be/xwlUTmugxEc 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
MURUGESH C
Digitally signed by MURUGESH C 
Date: 2024.08.14 17:35:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
Page Industries Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Page 
Industries Limited by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from the Investor Relations team. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you 
all for participating in the Company's Earnings Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of Financial 
Year 2025. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. V. S. Ganesh – Managing 
Director; Mr. Deepanjan – Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Karthik Yathindra – Senior Vice 
President and Chief Marketing Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. V. S. Ganesh to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Thank you, Anuj and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the earnings call for 
the 1st Quarter of FY25. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
As Anuj updated you today, I am joined by Mr. Deepanjan – our Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Karthik – our President and Chief of Sales & Marketing. 
Before we discuss the specific numbers, let me briefly touch upon the performance in Q1: 
The operating environment in Q1 remains stable and largely consistent with the preceding 
quarters. We are yet to witness significant improvement in consumption, though there are 
early signs of positive indicators. An uptick in rural consumption is engaging and is expected to 
provide an impetus to overall consumption in coming quarters. Our unwavering focus on 
sustainable sales practices and enhancing inventory health has contributed to revenue growth 
and maintaining operating margins. We continue to invest in digital transformation and 
consumer engagement through marketing initiatives and in leveraging technology. These focus 
pursuits resulted in a PAT growth of 4.3% while revenue growth was 3.9% in Q1. 
In line with our objectives, we also continue to invest in enhancing consumer reach and 
experience. Also, in diversifying and enriching our product offerings. Focus on operational 
excellence and digital transformation. The control over expenses has ensured strong operating 
margins without touching product prices. Additionally, we expanded our distribution network 
in line with our long-term objectives. As of the end of June, we have a network of over 104,696 
MBOs, 1395 exclusive brand stores, and 1137 LFS outlets. We are strategically directing our 
attention towards metros and Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. The e-commerce channel had a growth 
of 32% in Q1, reflecting evolving consumer purchasing preferences and the commitment to 
cloistering our online presence. 
Our strategic focus encompasses multiple trends, and this includes intensifying general trade 
distribution, expanding large format stores and exclusive brand stores, growing the D2C 
business, improving the customer experience, strengthening the product portfolio, strong 
partner and consumer engagement, and brand building measures to ensure good brand recall 
and ensuring a robust supply chain. Your unwavering support and trust in Page Industries is 
very encouraging, and we eagerly anticipate the opportunity to address any questions you may 
have and provide further insights into our performance during this call. So, Deepanjan will now 
take you through the specifics of the quarter, followed by addressing any queries that you may 
have. 
Thank you so much, and thanks once again for joining the call today. 
Deepanjan B: 
Thank you, V.S.G. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome again to today's earnings call. I hope 
you are all keeping well, and I am pleased to share the Results of Q1 of FY25. 
So, to take you through the highlights of key Financial Highlights in Q1, we recorded sales 
volumes of 57.4 million pieces, a growth of 2.6% year-on-year. Revenue in quarter one was 
Rs.12,775 million, which was a growth of 3.9% year-on-year. EBITDA for the period was Rs.2433 

 
Page 3 of 19 
million, which was a growth of 2% over the last quarter. EBITDA margin was 19% with stable 
raw material costs. Margins have remained healthy, though there was marketing spends for 
the cricketing season in the Q1. PAT in Q1 was Rs.1652 million, which was a growth of 4.3% Y-
o-Y. Inventory days was 72 as against 93 days in end of FY24. Focus on healthier inventory in 
the distribution network has resulted in maintaining optimum inventory levels. Working capital 
days was 73 days, and it was in line with PAT in the end of FY24. We continue to remain debt 
free. 
To summarize: 
Our financial performance with robust operational parameters, we are well positioned to 
benefit from the resumption of demand. We remain focused on expansion in multiple 
channels, digitization and leveraging technology to deliver value to all our stakeholders. We 
can now discuss any queries that you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir it is heartening to see your comment on early signs of demand revival. Wanted to just check, 
are you more optimistic on calling a recovery now versus where we were in end of the fourth 
quarter? 
Management: 
Avi thanks for that question. Yes, more optimistic because of two things. One is we are seeing 
better footfalls and revival in demand and all the hard work we did in the last one year, and I 
am sure it will pay dividends as we move forward, with the actions we took to improve the 
inventory health at the distribution, making sure the launch of a new products is seeing the 
light of the day, bringing in more hygiene and discipline across the value chain. The marketing 
efforts we have taken all this is definitely going to help us. So, that gives us a lot of courage and 
confidence. 
Avi Mehta: 
So, how do you expect the year to pan out, again second half mid-teens or how do you see that 
would be useful to understand, thatchanges? 
Management: 
Early days Avi, because whatever we are seeing is something we have to see how long it will 
last because it has been pretty volatile in the past. So, it is definitely a wait and watch for us. 
And I hope with the festive season coming up, it should be buoyant and we hope to see a good 
second half of the year. That is the hope which we have. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it sir, fairly clear. Just on the, second bit was on the, just understanding the industry 
dynamics, how is the dealer inventory in the athleisure space now, where does it stand versus 
normalized levels. And also, if you could update us on the discounting pressures, how are they 
in the industry? 

 
Page 4 of 19 
Management: 
Avi, I feel Karthik will be able to throw more light on that. Karthik, if you want to take that?  
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, please. Avi, thanks for the question. From the time we have started auto replenishment 
as a process for primary billing to our distributors, our inventory levels have now come down 
by about little over six days at an overall level. Of course, it's a lot more pronounced for the 
athleisure, more than 10 days of inventory has been reduced at the distributor level. And as far 
as discounting is concerned, it's a lot more under control as an industry right now, because I 
would imagine that players who do indulge in discounting have actually not seen much of a 
throughput during those periods of discounting. In the early times of last year, the first two 
quarters, there was rampant discounting in the industry. However, that has come down 
substantially in the second half of last year, we have not seen major discounting from players 
in quarter one either. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect. Sorry, just a clarification you said more than 10 days reduction in athleisure, is it now 
lower than normalized levels, I didn't kind of understand that point sorry. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No, what I mentioned Mr. Mehta, was that from the time we started auto replenishment 
system to where we are today, we have more than 10 days of inventory that has come down 
at the distributor point, I see a couple of quarters more before we can be at an optimum level 
where secondaries and primaries could be at tandem. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. I just have one question, if I may, just on, how is the input cost environment and whether 
there is any need for price hikes, that's all from my side. 
Management: 
So, the input cost has been largely stable, in fact the cotton prices are quite stable on the lower 
side, so we don't see any input cost, especially in the fabric and yarn creating a pressure that 
can lead us to any price increase. So, current financial year, as of now, there is every reason to 
believe that there will be no price increase in the current financial year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Amar Kalkundrikar from Nippon 
India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Amar Kalkundrikar: 
Can you speak a little bit about secondary demand trends, that's one and number two, did I 
hear Karthik right that it would take a couple of quarters for secondary and primary sales trends 
to sort of come in tandem? 
Management: 
Hi Amar, thanks for the question. In quarter one, we have seen secondary and tertiary numbers 
to be ahead of primary. That's a reflection of the inventory holding in the value chain. So, we 
have seen better secondaries and primaries when compared to what we have reported as 
primary. And, I repeat myself if the demand continues the way it is, if quarter one is any 
reflection of what we expect in the future, then it will take us another couple of quarters before 
secondary and tertiary are in tandem 

 
Page 5 of 19 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, I want to better understand your comment around green shoots and demand, so typically, 
Q2 and Q3 volumes have historically remained in-line with what we have delivered in Q1. Is it 
that this time around, we may see some growth in the coming quarters versus Q1 is this a right 
reading of your comment? 
Management: 
Mr. Bansal, its early days, but we are optimistic, and as we move forward things should look 
better, so we are all gearing up towards that. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. Mr. Ganesh, just a small follow up here, so as the current demand environment is there, 
so would in that light would that be a fair assumption, obviously we don't know how coming 
months will behave, but based on whatever we have been through this quarter so far, based 
on that, will that be a right assumption? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
You are right. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it sir, thank you so much. Karthik, last time around, you mentioned that channel inventory 
was closer to 20 million pieces, just if you could sort of suggest the number at Q1 end how is 
that as of now? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
There's not been much of a decrease from an absolute point of view, however Q1 typically is a 
high contributing quarter for us. From that standpoint, the number of days of inventory has 
come down, whereas the absolute inventory holding will remain more or less similar to what I 
had mentioned earlier, Mr. Bansal. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. Last question from my end, realization has improved 1% almost in this quarter, and this 
is despite we not taking any sort of price hike. Is this due to better revenue mix with athleisure 
women growing faster than men, is this a right assumption? 
Management: 
We have seen both. It is a function of category mix, and also within categories, we have seen 
the premium ranges perform better than the mid premium ranges. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kirti G Dalvi from Enam AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Kirti G Dalvi: 
Just couple of questions, coming back on the same secondary or tertiary demand, if you want 
to hazard a guess against our 3% growth in our sales number volume wise, how much would 
be the growth you see in secondary or tertiary demand? 
Management: 
Kirti, without mentioning the absolute numbers, let me just mention that secondary and 
tertiary demand has been ahead of primary. So, we have seen better numbers at point of sale 

 
Page 6 of 19 
when compared to what we have realized in primary probably because of the inventory holding 
that we have in our channel. 
Kirti G Dalvi: 
Okay. Second question pertaining to margins front, as gross margins have been grown on Y-o-
Y basis and OPM got impacted because as you mentioned we spent on the marketing and do 
we see this trend continuing especially on the promotion and the marketing side? 
Management: 
So, typically on the marketing side, we spend around 4% to 5% of our net revenue, and that's 
what will continue. So, that's on an annual basis, in a quarterly level there can be some 
variation, but overall, for the year, it will get 4% to 5% levels. And the overall operating margin 
at EBITDA level, we have done around 19% current quarter, it should be largely there, within 
the 18% to 21% even at the annual level. 
Kirti G Dalvi: 
Okay. And on a capacity utilization and the expansion part, if you could throw some light, that 
would be my last question. 
Management: 
So, currently, our planned capacity is around 200 million pieces, and our current expansion 
plan with increase in efficiency, we do not have immediate plans of any additional 
manufacturing facility. While the Orissa plant is nearing completion, and we should be getting 
into initial production days in the last quarter of this year. 
Kirti G Dalvi: 
Okay. So, in terms of the absolute value wise, there won't be any backward integration related 
CAPEX plan? 
Management: 
Not this year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India infoline. 
Please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Firstly, some bookkeeping questions, growth in the EBO channel this quarter, is it materially 
higher than the reported number and just to add to that, regarding the channel. And the LFS 
channel if I look at, there has been a sharp reduction over the quarters in the past few quarters, 
in terms of our reach, used to be around 3000 stores, and today it's around 1300, or something, 
1100 or something. So, just wanted to understand this aspect in a little more detail as to what 
is going on in this channel? 
Management: 
Thank you, Sameer for the question. To address your first question, yes, we have seen, when 
compared to the average e-commerce has performed much higher, followed by the exclusive 
brand store, given the expansion drive that we have in that particular channel. Then followed 
by general trade. Coming to your second question on the large-format store, we have taken 
strategic calls in terms of consolidating our presence in this particular channel, and have had 

 
Page 7 of 19 
to exit a few key accounts where we have been present in the past. This is in line with our long-
term plans of building the brand in this channel. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And has that been a material contributor in the kind of growth or the kind of sales performance 
that you have reported in the last few quarters? 
Management: 
Not necessarily, large format store as a channel is a small contribution to our overall business. 
The loss in sale that has been experienced because of the consolidation has not affected the 
overall numbers that have been reported. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great, sir. Secondly sir, it's been like six, seven quarters now, and we are still contingent on 
overall consumption coming back, there was lack of discipline in terms of other players. But 
what I also noticed, there is a feeling that there has been a pricing gap between Jockey and 
smaller brands, which has kind of widened in the last few, recent years or so, and incomes have 
not really kept pace with this kind of pricing and the natural upgrading which used to happen 
from smaller brands to Jockey that has kind of been paused. So, like is there a plan to launch a 
flanker brand at a lower price at some point if this kind of performance continues, or is that 
not possible some thoughts on that? 
Management: 
So, a couple of things. Firstly, in the last couple of years, if at all, from what we study of 
competition and who we consider our target audience, the available brand and Jockey, the gap 
is only reduced because Jockey has stuck to its prices for the last 24 months. The last price 
increase that was initiated by the brand was back in July 22 and we are exactly about two years 
since we have touched our prices. And the way we have mapped it against players who address 
the same target audience, the gap is in fact come down. As far as the second question is 
concerned, there is no plan for the launch of a sub brand at least. But of course, if there is an 
opportunity for us to hit value price points with our products without compromising on quality 
or consumer experience that is something we strive to do. With some level of input cost 
reductions that have been favorable to the brand there have been a few products strategically 
launched over the last four to five months, especially in the athleisure category, which are at 
very tight price points, addressing the value seeking consumer. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And this would be under Jockey brand only? 
Management: 
 
That's correct. It is under Jockey. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Is there a restriction on launching any sub, any other brand apart from Jockey, just trying to 
understand that part also? 
Management: 
Strategically, we don't see a need for us to launch a sub brand within Jockey. And again, we 
would not be entering a brand that directly competes with Jockey even if it is a separate brand. 

 
Page 8 of 19 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thank you for giving this idea that there are green shoots emerging, secondary and tertiary 
doing better than primary, premium doing better. So, just wanted to understand, if there are 
any specific markets where we are seeing these green shoots emerging. Is it the metro cities 
or the smaller towns, so if you could give more details around that, that will be very helpful. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thank you Sheela for the question. We are definitely seeing better growth rates in smaller town 
when compared to metros, and this is in fact inversely proportional to the size of the town. So, 
tier three and tier four towns are seeing better growth rates when compared to metros, tier 
ones and Tier-2s. That’s what we witnessed in quarter one. But otherwise, in terms of 
geography, we don't see a big difference between how the different geographies are 
performing between North, South, East and West. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. So, Karthik just a follow up here, is there a change versus what we have been 
observing for the last four to six quarters? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, it has been consistent in the sense, not significantly higher, but definitely higher than 
metros and tier ones and Tier-2, tier threes and tier four have been consistently doing better 
over the last two to three quarters at least. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. So, it's a trend which is continuing from Tier-2, tier three markets where we are doing 
better and the metro cities are relatively doing weaker versus the past. Is that a fair 
assessment? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No, I am not saying they are doing weaker when compared to the past. I am saying in relation 
to tier three and tier four, the growth rates are lower in metros. The base of the business is still 
much higher in metros and tier ones, as you would imagine. But the growth rates, because 
these markets are nascent, are much higher in tier three and tier four. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. The second question, because e-commerce channel is doing well for us, just wanted to 
understand, is there any margin gap, which we observe here, versus the offline channel, are 
the margins comparable or there is some, are the margins slightly on the lower side? 
Management: 
E-commerce as a whole, we have got three verticals in e-commerce B2B as well as D2C. So, 
there are three verticals, so e-commerce as a whole, the margins are more or less comparable 
with the offline business, whereas within the e-commerce, D2C have slightly lesser margins 
because the spends in marketing, even the delivery cost are slightly higher, but largely they are 
comparable. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. So, D2C will be lower than the B2B, is that right? 

 
Page 9 of 19 
Management: 
Yes. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. One final question, in terms of international opportunities, are we seeing any, are there 
any thoughts around increasing our exports in the coming years, and what are the early 
thoughts? 
Management: 
We are looking to consolidate our international presence. There are a few markets which lend 
itself to the products that we make here for India and become a natural extension in terms of 
placing us there. There is specific focus towards those geographies, I believe in the coming 
years we should see some level of focused approach towards our international business. 
Sheela Rathi: 
So, most of the plans will be more from a medium-term perspective, is that fair or we could 
see this in the coming quarters or something? 
Management: 
It would be from a medium term because entry into any market and to have a meaningful 
presence and do business there takes time. We are looking to make sure there is sufficient 
market and consumer understanding before we go and have a meaningful play there. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Couple of questions, starting with on slide #4 you have mentioned the green shoot. So, let me 
hap on a little better to understand. And just relating to what Karthik just mentioned that tier 
three, tier four markets are doing better. So, if you can help me to understand what are the 
top 20 markets contribution, and I would assume that that will contain the metros, and then 
equally what is the tier three, tier four contribution or how it has moved over one year? 
Management: 
Karthik do you have the breakup for that? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, just give me a moment. So, metros and tier one, the way we classify it, contribute to little 
over a 50% of our business and Tier-2 downwards are in the late 40s in terms of. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And the balance is tier three, tier four what you are saying? 
Management: 
That's correct. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. So, why I was more interested, if you can give me some regional variation, because what 
I understand, and our market visit says that there is not that big problem in South but it's more 
on the Northern side. So, is that observation correct or maybe if you can help us, what is 
actually happening on the ground? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No sir, if we don't see a differential performance from a growth rate point of view across that's 
what I clarified earlier, across regions between North, South and East, West. Contributions vary 

 
Page 10 of 19 
that's a function of our presence. But in terms of growth performance, we don't see a stark 
difference in how one region is performing compared to the rest. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So, this is common in relation to your Tier-2, tier three commentary? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No, Tier-2, three, four across the country, like I mentioned is growing better than metros and 
tier one, but if I have to split it geographically between North, South, East and West our 
performance has been consistent, more or less. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second question is that recently, the FMCG trend which is looking at the rural is 
growing much faster, while there will be some issues in the urban regarding the income 
generation activities which are a little lower. So, do you anticipate this kind of issues will come 
up in future, and then we will be forced to drop the prices further, or it's too early to take a call 
at this time? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
We don't anticipate such adverse reactions to the product at the current pricing, at least in the 
foreseeable future, we don't see a need for us to drop the price. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My last question, as the revenue growth was about 3.9% while our other expenses have 
grown much higher and sharper. So, if you can tell me if there is one off, you did explain there 
is a ad spend which is sitting but is there any material change which you can see? 
Management: 
No, not exactly. So, when you say other expenses, it does include marketing. It also includes IT 
expenses. So, marketing is what we have seen a bit of a higher spends in the current quarter, 
though we remain within the 4% to 5% annually, and in IT expenses, we have gone into major 
digital transformation initiatives. So, we do see slightly higher digital spends towards IT in this 
quarter as well as it will escalate a bit more in the coming quarters. But yes, factoring all those 
things as still our operating margins we are quite confident that it should be maintained within 
the 18% to 21%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, my first question is with regards to a comment in the annual report, you have mentioned 
that you target to be a 1 billion USD revenue company by FY26. Now going by the current 
trends, do you still think that target is achievable, or there is some postponement to that 
particular target? 
Management: 
Gaurav, you are right it may be tough to achieve the target at that speed, because this was, we 
projected this number way back then we had the volatility during the pandemic, and then we 
had the last year a challenging year for retail across brands. So, we have to consider all this, 

 
Page 11 of 19 
and then we need to recast the numbers and look at a more realistic trajectory for us. And we 
are actually working on that. So, we are revisiting a three year and five-year plan. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So, any sense that you can give well, as per your internal targets, when do you think you can 
achieve this mark, or at least the best possibility by which this mark can be achieved? 
Management: 
It is still a work in progress. For us, we are revisiting the pay book for the three year and five 
year, so maybe we would be able to give more clarity in the next meeting when we meet up 
next time, because it's still work in progress. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. So, my next question is with regards to the Bangladesh disruption, I remember earlier 
there was some supply chain or some sourcing that you used to do from Bangladesh. So, any 
impact on your sourcing because of this near-term disruption that you see there? 
Management: 
No, because we import very small quantity few 1000 pieces per month from Bangladesh. And 
those SKUs are actually having very healthy inventory in our warehouses. And today, I got an 
update that factory which is actually supplying for this is back in operation, so we don't foresee 
any risk at all. And secondly, when it comes to supply chain, we have made sure no category or 
no product, critical product is with one vendor. It is always having multiple vendor source, both 
geographically also. So, we always have that risk mitigation plan and for major style, we also 
share the production between in-house and outsourcing, so that we can manage all these 
volatilities. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir my last question is, with regards to again the industry inventory that you could see earlier, 
that used to be quite high. Now, given the fact that the discounting has come down 
meaningfully in the last six months, and even in this quarter, do you think the channel inventory 
overall for the industry is at a healthy level, which eventually could help you to grow during the 
second half without any increasing competitive activities? 
Management: 
Yes, see as Karthik updated some time back, the distributor inventory level has become more 
and more healthy over time, with the discipline with which we have driven the ARS and of 
course, the number varies category to category it is in the team as far as inventory date 
reduction are concerned for the athleisure product and some of the other categories we 
embarked on this journey later for example, the last category we touched up on ARS, which is 
still work in progress is  juniors which has  comparatively lesser inventory day reduction. So, as 
the inventory health improves, it will definitely help our numbers and as Karthik said, while it 
will show good health improvement and therefore good sales in the coming days, the primaries 
will be in line with secondaries once we give a quarter or two more of the inventory to come 
to optimal levels. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Ambit. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 19 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sir, I was just clarifying on the manufacturing capacity.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir my first question is, regarding the consumer movement from economy to your products, 
previously the Lux,Rupa, Dollar consumers used to migrate to, Jockey at least Modern Classic. 
Do you think now, with Zudio coming in and having a good inventory of men's and women's 
wear, our customers have got more choice now. And instead of moving towards Jockey or 
Modern Classic of Jockey, at least a young audience is first trying Zudio and then seeing the 
movement there, because they also have now 550, 600 stores today. 
Management: 
So, if you look at it at inner wear as a category that's more relevant when you take that 
company and compare ours. I don't see when you talk about Zudio and other companies, 
because for them, they have multiple products. They are not an inner wear brand per se. And 
if you look at the market share, then the penetration which we at 17%, 18% and dominating 
the market, you can understand how fragmented it is, and there is enough head room for all 
of us to grow, and we have tremendous opportunity. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. Sir my second question is regarding the accessories portfolio, our check suggests that you 
have really invested a lot of the sales force in the accessories part of the business. Can you just 
throw, help us understand over the next two years which all category extensions are you doing 
in accessories and what could be the revenue contribution coming in from the accessories 
portfolio now? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thank you, Ankit. Even the current portfolio of accessories that we hold is quite substantial, 
and hence we move to have an independent sales vertical addressing only this vertical. Within 
accessories today, we include our categories like socks, towels, caps, handkerchiefs and face 
masks which has little relevance today, but forms a part of our portfolio. So, we have a good 
enough width in terms of set of products to put out in the market. They have a lot to achieve 
within what we have as a product portfolio from a revenue standpoint. Obviously, we will still 
be in the lookout for relevant categories from a product development point of view, where we 
see an opportunity for the brand to associate with sales and capitalize on market opportunity. 
But for now, at least this financial year, the move to have an independent sales team is to 
essentially address the portfolio that is already in hand. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Is it fair that the number would be high single digit contribution for this vertical? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, it is thereabouts.. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 13 of 19 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, my first question pertains to distribution, I believe in your opening remarks somewhere 
answering the question, you said that we have consolidated our presence in modern trade. So, 
could you share the insights behind this decision and additionally, how should we think about 
distribution expansion at consolidated basis for this fiscal and the next? 
Management: 
So, expansion is something that we are committed to, but meaningful expansion where we 
believe the brand would be placed and done justice to with all the brand principles and 
business principles with which we have grown the brand thus far. So, as long as these are in 
place, and we believe the channel provides an opportunity for us to grow, expansion will be 
the way forward. We have however like I said, taken calls on specific accounts where we believe 
it's not favorable for the brand to be present in the way we want to be present from a strategic 
standpoint, which is where we have consolidated. But otherwise, across modern retail as well 
as general trade, we would be looking at expansion in a meaningful manner.  
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. And any number you can actually give to this meaningful number? 
Management: 
Number for? 
Tejas Shah: 
In the sense ballpark, how much we target usually expansion, distribution, expansion looking 
at demand scenario and our own challenges on inventory today? 
Management: 
So, especially in modern retail expansion is not under our control. It's got to do with how the 
accounts that are there and what expansion plans they have. As far as a brand that operates in 
that channel we just want to pick and choose who we want to work with and make ourselves 
available there. We have no influence on driving expansion as far as being modern retail 
channel is concerned, the large format store. We also categorize our exclusive brand stores 
under modern retail, there it’s a stated strategy that we look to expand anywhere between 
150 to 180 stores every year. That's the plan we have for this year as well. 
Tejas Shah: 
Got. And last for almost two years in some way or another we are trying to figure out if our 
value proposition to customers has changed after COVID and we seem to be very confident 
that it has not. So, what tools or benchmarks do we use to measure our products, 
competitiveness or value proposition compared to our peers products? 
Management: 
So, we do a like-to-like comparison of the product and the price point over a period of time. 
So, we have a clearly defined target audience, we have a clearly defined set of competitors 
who we believe address the same target audience. We benchmark ourselves against these 
competitors in terms of their product offering and price points. That's the confidence we have, 
having done this consistently and it's not a new exercise or activity we are doing this we have 
been doing since a very, very long time, in terms of ensuring that we are relevant in the market, 
both in terms of product offering as well as price points. 

 
Page 14 of 19 
Tejas Shah: 
And have we added Zudio or Decathlon products in this PSA till last two, three years for 
comparison? 
Management: 
Not for inner wear as a category, but in relevant areas in athleisure, they do feature. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Garima Mishra: 
My question is more on the various categories you have and the green shoots and demands 
that you mentioned, should we construe that you are seeing very similar trends across the 
three categories, men's inner wear, women's inner wear and athleisure? 
Management: 
Thank you, Garima. From a secondary and tertiary point of view, yes we are seeing a similar 
uptick across the categories we present in. However, how it translates into primary, like I 
mentioned earlier it’s the function of the inventory that we are holding, that's where we are 
seeing the difference. The inventory holding at the channel level is today higher for outerwear 
when compared to inner wear, and hence that affects our primary reported numbers. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. But what you are trying to say here is that, at least if we exclude this inventory bit, you 
are seeing very similar demand trends across the three categories right? 
Management: 
That's correct, at a tertiary and secondary level it's consistent. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it understood. Second question is, see women's wear you highlighted is a very large under 
penetrated category largely informal today, are there any steps you are taking in terms of your 
own capabilities, design, distribution, et cetera to better tap into this category? 
Management: 
Yes, definitely. Women's inner wear is one market which is obviously much larger than the 
men's inner wear market. It is also a market that is in relation to men, the level of organization 
of the market is much lower. It's largely unorganized. And even within the organized sector, 
within branded play, the number of credible players is much higher in the women's inner wear 
space when compared to men's inner wear and hence makes that market that much more 
competitive. In order to address that opportunity. It's only recently that we have had in the last 
three years have dedicated sales vertical addressing this category separately, the way we 
approach this business internally in terms of org structure is, there is an independent team 
right from product design, marketing, product management, as well as sales, addressing only 
the women's inner wear market. So, this is to ensure that we give it the requisite focus so that 
we can capitalize on the market. Even from a marketing standpoint, our investments are 
skewed disproportionately towards the woman consumer to make sure we are able to build 
that connect with that consumer at an emotional level. So, these are some of the steps we 
have taken as an organization, and we are in a way committed to these steps to continue 
persisting in trying to gain share from the existing organized market and also grow the entire 

 
Page 15 of 19 
pie of organized by converting consumers from the unorganized market towards the organized 
market in the…. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukherjee from Bajaj 
Finserv Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Just trying to understand your comment on secondary and tertiary sales growth being better 
than primary growth of 2.6% volume growth for this quarter. How does it, the channel 
inventory is kind of stagnant at 20 million pieces which was there in last quarter as well. Is it 
because of the different bases that we are talking about here? 
Management: 
It's also because the way we, in terms of number of days the difference we look at is mainly 
because of, see in quarter one we tend to fill in a lot more inventory than the rest of the 
quarters, because historically it's been a large quarter for us, quarter one as well as quarter 
three. So, there is some level of input that goes in as far as quarter one is concerned, in primary. 
That is the reason you see that the overall base inventory remains more or less the same. There 
is a reduction not enough to speak about. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Okay. So, basically it means that while the percentage growth might be higher in secondary 
and tertiary, because the base was lower in terms of absolute pieces we are not seeing a 
meaningful reduction in the absolute inventory. That's correct understanding? 
Management: 
That's correct in the primary front here. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Got it. And you mentioned that probably this will take another couple of quarters, unless we 
see a good uptick in the demand environment. 
Management: 
It goes either ways, it depends on how the secondary and tertiary demand continues. If you 
see a good uptick, this could be sooner as well. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Got it. On the e-com channel, I believe it is about 7%, 8% of our total sales. How much would 
be quick commerce out of it? 
Management: 
Quick commerce is a new venture for us. We have been operating with one of the players for 
about a year now, but majority of the time and today, we operate with about four players, and 
soon to start with two more, but majority of this initiation has happened in the last two to 
three months. So, at this point in time, quick commerce contribution is low, but I am sure by 
the end of this year it should be decent. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
And when we mentioned that there are three verticals when it comes to e-commerce, so B2B, 
B2C, so B2B again, would be some of these aggregators platforms online platforms, and there 
will be e-commerce as well? 

 
Page 16 of 19 
Management: 
No, not exactly. 
Management: 
What Deepanjan meant was, we have a B2B where we do outright business with some of the 
large players. And then we have Page Industries listed as a seller in these marketplaces. That is 
the second route, and third route is Jockey.in, the mono-brand website. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Okay. And quick commerce would be that outright, under the outright sale category? 
Management: 
So, it varies Sabya, It depends on the mode in majority players we operate as a seller on the 
marketplace as well as do an outright. Quick commerce also, it's not one formula for all the 
players it depends on the agreement that we enter into with individual players. It could be 
outright it could also be via marketplace. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
And margins and working capital for all these three mode of operations in e-com would be 
similar or any difference over there? 
Management: 
We did answer that, so there will be slight differences between B2B versus the B2C verticals, 
so e-commerce B2B's margins are very much similar to our offline businesses, but as a B2C 
segments so B2C vertical is slightly lower because it does require heavy advertisements or 
marketing investments in terms of customer acquisitions. Also, the delivery costs tend to be a 
slightly higher in case of market place and Jockey.in. So, that's why the margins in two B2C 
segments tend to be slightly lower than the B2B segment. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
VS Ganesh, MD sir you are managing company well, and you declare Rs.300 interim dividend, 
which is fabulous one. It shows how our stocks and debtors are under control. Sir, you had 
given a target to reach $1 billion US by 2026 in your annual report. So, what preparation in our 
mind and have you sufficient capacity to achieve this. So, how you grow 35% CAGR in the next 
two years. This is my question. 
Management: 
Thank you. As we updated previously, that may be a tough ask. This was a guidance or a target 
we set for ourselves few years back and now we need to recast the numbers and be more 
realistic about it, because we had lot of turbulence in the business in the recent past, and we 
also had a very challenging last year, and we need to appreciate all those and re-look at our 
strategies and plan for the future. So, we in the process of recasting the three year and five-
year plan, and then we will be able to kind of understand how quickly we can reach the 8000 
crore mark. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. So, now by 2026 we still have a plan to reach $1 billion US target? 

 
Page 17 of 19 
Management: 
No, that's what I said. That may be tough, to grow at that rate and that's where we need to be 
realistic. There are two reasons, one is it is tough and second is we need to make sure whatever 
growth we achieve is hygienic and sustainable, we should not be looking at short term sprints. 
We should be prepared to run the marathon. So, that has been our philosophy, which has 
helped the band over time, and we would be navigating through that strategy and for which 
we are now recasting a three year and five-year plan. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Well, so we have sufficient capacity, or we go without capacity? 
Management: 
You mean manufacturing capacity? 
Ravi Naredi: 
Yes. 
Management: 
Manufacturing capacity, we currently have a capacity for around 200 million pieces, and with 
outsourcing we can go up to 260 and we are continuously working on expansion. So, as part of 
our annual plan and the three year and five-year plan, we keep looking at and we keep 
calibrating the expansion of the back end with new units. So, you know we are now having 
Odisha unit, and we are also having one more unit in the outskirts of Mysore. These two are 
coming up, and we will be constantly looking and planning expansions according to the market 
demand. 
Ravi Naredi: 
So, 200 million our production, 260 million outside production? 
Management: 
No, 200 million our production, and 60 million outsourced production, so giving a total capacity 
of 260 million. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugare from Shree Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Onkar Ghugare: 
My question was, since you have declared Rs.300 dividends, so have you changed any dividend 
policy or like, what is the reason of giving this dividend, because last year? 
Management: 
Well, our cash balance looks very healthy, and we have  considered the investment 
requirements for the future with a very conservative plan. So, we always also look at the worst-
case scenario, the likely and the best-case scenario and prepare ourselves accordingly and with 
a very, very conservative plan we look at the projection. We also consider the CAPEX 
requirements, the expansion plans and the cash reserve we have, since we have a pretty good 
reserve, healthy reserve we thought it is better, we have a better dividend payout and give the 
money to our stakeholders or shareholders, rather than holding it on behalf of them.  
Onkar Ghugare: 
So, what I meant was, this is a one off or this is how it is going to be in the future? 
Management: 
That depends on the top line every quarter. So, we need to wait and watch. 

 
Page 18 of 19 
Management: 
So, as MD explained, we do assess the annual requirements and even the future requirements. 
And based on that, if the cash balance supports it, we can give higher dividends, but yes, every 
time before we declare dividends, we assess what is our future requirement. 
Onkar Ghugare: 
Okay, because last year's full dividend was around this much. So, that's why this question 
arrived. 
Management: 
Yes, business situations are different, so we are in a better position now and as MD explained, 
we have assessed our future requirements, or CAPEX requirements. So, currently, yes, we are 
in a position to give a higher dividend in this quarter. 
Onkar Ghugare: 
But have you changed your capital allocation policy or dividend distribution policy, just wanted 
to know that? 
Management: 
Our dividend distribution policy remains the same. So, we plan to pay 50% of our PAT as a 
policy. 
Onkar Ghugare: 
Okay. So, depending on the situation, you will be looking how much to pay every quarter? 
Management: 
That's right. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Lakshmi Narayanan KG from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan KG: 
Sir, if I just look at your employee account which you have given in one of the pages, it has 
actually materially come down by almost 16% when I compared to Q1 of last year. And is it a 
conscious decision to bring down the workforce because your employee cost has been 
remaining the same, that is my first question. And also, when I look at your subcontractor cost 
it is actually half in FY24 when compared to FY23. So, if I just put it together, are we trying to 
be more productive, or is it always a flexible workforce? 
Management: 
We are trying, so it's a combination, you are right we are more productive, productivity has 
improved by more than 12%, 13% that means the outputs have increased. We have not 
reduced manpower; we are now normal attrition. 
Lakshmi Narayanan KG: 
It was around 21,000 something in August end, last year around the same Q1 and it has 
progressively come down. Now it's around +17,000. 
Management: 
So, that's where I am saying, there are monthly attritions which we have not replaced. And 
that's why the numbers have come down, but if you see output it has remained the same 
because corresponding increase in productivity has been witnessed with all the initiatives, the 
back end that has taken, and we also had a healthy inventory which meant that we temporarily 

 
Page 19 of 19 
tuned down outsourcing capacities because we had good inventory, number of days inventory 
and we wanted to bring it to an optimal level. 
Lakshmi Narayanan KG: 
So, that's one, what is the subcontractor cost because last full year it halved. So, what is that 
for this quarter? 
Management: 
Deepanjan cost of purchase goods? 
Deepanjan B: 
No, the subcontractor cost is what is captured as part of other expenses. 
Lakshmi Narayanan KG: 
Can you just give a number and how it is compared to last year same quarter? 
Management: 
So, compared to the. 
Management: 
It should be half of it, since the volume has been half. 
Lakshmi Narayanan KG: 
Got it. Any number you want to keep the subcontractor cost as part of your other expenses?  
Management: 
No, how we actually look at it is, when we buy from subcontractors also we should, one we 
outsource the process so we want to make sure we get the right quality, so there is no 
difference in the product or quality. It should be an extension of Page, and we also pay the 
contractor or subcontractor well so that they can actually make meaningful profits and make 
sense as a business proposition, like how we work with our channel partners same way, and 
we also therefore see whether we can have the same EBITDA as we get from in-house 
manufacturing. So, there has been a strategy, so they are virtually like our own factory outside 
and we make sure that the EBITDAs are similar. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to lack of time that was the last question for 
today's call. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Management: 
So, thank you again for participating in this Earnings Call. It was really a very interesting 
discussion, and thanks for your keenness in the results of Page Industries. We will look forward 
again to such earnings call in future. Thank you again. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Page Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
