 
 
 
1st August 2024 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (Scrip Code: FSL)  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 30th July 2024 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 30th July 
2024, after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 30th July 2024, for your 
information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a 
 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed 
by POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
Q1FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL” 
JULY 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
MR. PANKAJ KAPOOR 
HEAD STRATEGY & IR 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Firstsource Solutions Limited 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani - MD & CEO; Mr. Dinesh Jain - CFO and Mr. 
Pankaj Kapoor - Head of Strategy and Investor Relations to provide an overview on 
company’s performance followed by Q&A. 
Please note that some of the matters that we will discuss on this call, including the 
company’s business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and 
unknown risks. These uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what the 
Company has mentioned in its prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent Annual 
Report that are available on its website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you. Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our financial 
results for the first quarter of FY25. 
Before I start with the discussion on our performance, I would like to thank each one of 
our 29,231 Firstsourcers around the world for their extraordinary work and commitment 
to our clients, which resulted in delivering another strong quarter for us. 
Q1 is a milestone quarter for us from multiple dimensions. We clocked our highest 
quarterly revenues ever in the history of the Company and our growth in the quarter is 
in the top decile among our peer group. What pleases me even more is that this strong 
growth has come in a quarter that has historically been a seasonally muted quarter for 
Firstsource. We also won three large deals in Q1 and despite that we exited the quarter 
with a very strong and robust pipeline. 
1. 
Financial Performance 
Let me now give you some more color on our Q1 performance. 
Our revenue grew by 17.1% YoY and came in at Rs.17.9 billion. In U.S. dollar terms, 
the growth was 15.4% YoY and 6.7% QoQ at US$215 million. In constant currency, the 
revenue grew at 6.5% quarter-on-quarter. I would like to point out that this is our third 
consecutive quarter of strong sequential revenue growth and a revenue growth of 3%+ 
CQGR over the last four quarters places us in the top decile of the broader IT and IT-
enabled services industry. 
EBIT margin for the quarter was 11%. This is broadly stable quarter-on-quarter, lower 
by 70 basis points versus Q1 of last year and within our guided 11% to 12% band for 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
the financial year. Our net profit was Rs.1.4 billion and the diluted EPS was Rs.1.92 for 
the quarter. 
2. 
Deal Wins 
Let me now turn your attention to the deal wins for the quarter. 
We continue to leverage our deep industry and functional expertise and our 
partnerships in the technology ecosystem to improve our participation in the process 
transformation agendas of our clients. We signed three strategically large deals in Q1, 
another first for Firstsource. As you are aware, we consider a deal with ACV of over 
US$5 million as a large deal. We expect these deals to ramp up in a phased manner 
over the coming quarters. We also added ten new logos during the quarter. 
Let me highlight a few notable wins: 
• 
We won a large deal from a Fortune 500 managed Healthcare Company in the 
US, one of our existing clients for member and provider services and end-to-
end claims processing services leveraging AI and automation. 
• 
We also expanded our footprint and wallet share in one of the top five 
Healthcare insurance companies in the US for providing digital intake, claims 
and provider data management services. This is on the back of our digital 
intake platform that allows us to ingest both structured and unstructured data. 
• 
We won a large deal from a premier SaaS platform for the freight industry in 
North America for providing customer service and back-office operations. This 
was also a new logo for us. 
• 
Another new logo addition with a scale deal was from a leading pension 
administrator in the UK to improve their service coverage. 
 
3. 
Vertical Commentary 
Let me now provide you a deep dive into our performance and outlook for each one of 
our industry verticals. 
a. 
Banking and financial services (BFS) 
In Q1FY25, our BFS vertical was up 4% QoQ and 2.2% YoY in constant currency terms. 
Traditionally, Q1 has been a seasonally muted quarter for us in this vertical, but we 
were able to counter the trend this year due to our concentrated efforts over the past 
few quarters to reduce the macro dependency in the portfolio. For example, while 
elevated interest rates remain an overhang in the mortgage market, our focus on 
engaging on the cost optimization programs with our customers is helping us expand 
our market share, especially amongst our line of our customers. Our AI use cases for 
the segment are also seeing strong interest from customers looking at non-linear 
execution models to prepare for the expected volume upcycle in their business. 
As you recall, we have made several key hires over the last couple of quarters to 
strengthen our sales and solutions team in this vertical. This is also helping us gain 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
access to several potentially large logos and expand our pipeline as well as have 
focused execution on cross-selling additional service lines in our existing accounts. 
We continue to make progress in our efforts to broad base our portfolio in this vertical, 
both in terms of market segment as well as in terms of our service offerings. For 
example, our collection services are seeing strong traction amongst fintech players and 
our competitors for this offering are largely other SaaS players in this space. We are 
also seeing growing interest in our new service offerings around financial claims and 
compliance.  
We added five new logos in this vertical in Q1. Overall, we expect a sequentially 
improving growth trajectory in this vertical through the rest of FY25. 
b. 
Healthcare 
For Healthcare, Q1 was a strong quarter. Our revenues grew 15% quarter-on-quarter 
and 26% year-on-year in constant currency terms, helped by ramp ups in the deal wins 
that we’ve had in the recent quarters, particularly in the payer segment. 
Medicare utilization has been on the rise in the US and along with weaker payment 
rates and high medical costs, this is putting pressure on the margins of healthcare 
insurers. This has led to a surge in transformative initiatives across our payer clients as 
they seek ways of optimizing their cost structures. We had two large deal wins in this 
segment in Q1 and we continue to see a very strong pipeline with several potentially 
large deals across the large client base, giving us confidence of maintaining the growth 
momentum in this segment in FY25. 
Our provider business has also been stable. As you recall, we announced the 
acquisition of QBSS in the last quarter. QBSS is strong in the mid office revenue cycle 
management market and complements our strength in the front and back-office 
markets, thus enabling us to now go to market with a significantly enhanced end-to-end 
value proposition. The integration of our teams is progressing well. 
We also had our first joint deal win in Q1 and the synergies helped us close an additional 
two transactions in the very first quarter of integration. We added two new logos in this 
vertical, one each in the payer and provider business. Overall, we expect growth to 
remain strong in the vertical, driven by the payer segment. 
c. 
Communications, media and technology (CMT) 
We saw strong growth of 17% year-on-year though the revenues were largely flat 
quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms. As you know, for us, this vertical is 
made-up of three sub segments - Telecom & Digital Media, EdTech and Consumer 
Tech. Let me give you a color on each one of these. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
We are seeing a healthy momentum in our telecom and media business. As you know, 
companies in this vertical are large but mature, outsourced. As such, we are positioning 
ourselves as a challenger to the existing ecosystem by bringing in our entire service 
portfolio. Our proposition is resonating well with both our existing clients and new. We 
added one new logo in this segment in Q1. We also see a good deal pipeline including 
a couple of large deals in advanced stages. 
In EdTech, our engagement with ETS continues to scale up. We are also expanding 
business and other logos that we have added over the last few last few quarters. 
In Consumer Tech, we continue to expand our footprint amongst the market. Consumer 
Tech logos with a nontraditional service proposition that is seeing good traction in the 
market. For example, we are working with two of the largest Consumer Tech brands in 
training their AI models, leveraging our AI OPS framework. We also added a third logo 
during the quarter. 
In Q1, we also won a large deal from a new logo, a premier SAS platform provider that 
I referenced earlier. Overall, we added three new logos in this vertical. We continue to 
have a healthy deal pipeline out here and are hopeful of converting some of these deals 
in the coming quarter. Overall, while movement of specific processes from onshore to 
offshore in our top client could remain an optical headwind in the near term, we expect 
good growth in the overall vertical given continued ramp ups in other clients as well as 
the healthy deal pipeline. 
d. 
Diverse 
Lastly, our diverse vertical, which mainly comprises Utilities & Energy grew 34% year-
on-year in constant currency terms in Q1. In sequential terms, revenues in this vertical 
declined by 3% quarter-on-quarter due to seasonally lower volumes in one of our large 
accounts. We expect the same to recover in Q2. We are also making concerted efforts 
to expand our client portfolio in this segment. 
4. 
Geography 
Growth in Q1 was driven by the US with a 12% quarter-on-quarter growth and a 24% 
year-on-year growth in constant currency terms. We saw a 3% quarter-on-quarter 
decline in Europe due to quarterly volatility in a couple of clients. Besides the optical 
impact of plant on site to offshore shift in our top client. 
From the macro perspective, companies in the UK are facing significant cost pressures 
that is leading to increased conversations around carve-out deals. We also see a 
growing recognition of the need to pivot towards offshoring based on the pipeline. We 
expect Europe to see a stronger second-half in the US we expect a more broad-based 
growth across verticals. 
 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
5. 
People 
Our total employee count was 29,231 Firstsourcer as of 30th June 2024. Our trailing 
12-month attrition rate for the quarter stood at 32% compared to 35.4% in Q4FY24 and 
41.7% in the same quarter last year. We expect this metric to continue to trend 
downwards in the coming quarters, albeit at a more moderate pace supported by the 
positive outcomes of our employee value focused initiative. Aimed at enhancing 
retention and satisfaction. Additionally, during the quarter, we also launched FirstALUM. 
This is a platform to create a first source alumni network to encourage our former 
employees to stay connected to development in first source as well as keep them 
informed of potential opportunities to resume their association within the Company 
either for themselves or for their network and finally, to contribute to opportunities within 
the broader Firstsource community.  
6. 
Awards and Recognitions 
We also won several awards during the quarter and let me talk about the same. In Q1, 
we were recognized as a disruptor amongst the service providers to the Healthcare 
provider industry by HFS research for our full life cycle RCM offerings. During the 
quarter, we also committed to Science-Based Targets Initiatives reinforcing our 
commitment towards reducing carbon emissions as per the set guidelines. 
With that, let me turn over the call to Dinesh to give a detailed color on the quarterly 
financials and related matters. I will come back after that to talk about our progress on 
the strategic priorities as well as the outlook for FY25. 
Quarterly Performance 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh and hi! everyone. 
Revenue for Q1FY25 came in at Rs.17.9 billion or $215 million. This implies a year-on-
year growth of 17.1% in rupee term and 15.4% in dollar term. In constant currency, this 
translates to a year-on-year growth of 14.8%. On a sequential basis, our revenue 
growth is 6.5% in constant currency term. I am happy to report that we have returned 
to double-digit year on growth in constant currency and after 11 quarters that were 
affected by the portfolio changes in our mortgage businesses.  
We reported operating profit of Rs.1,970 million in Q1FY25, up 10% over Q1FY24. This 
translates to an EBIT margin of 11% similar to last quarter and down 70bps on YoY 
basis. As you are aware, we have been making significant investment in our 
businesses. A large part of this has been in hiring leadership, sales, solution and 
technology talent that has associated upfront costs. Despite this, we have been able to 
keep our margin stable. We have also advanced our annual wage revision cycle from 
Q3 to Q2. While this will pose some headwinds in our margin in Q2, we remain confident 
of staying within our guided band for FY25. Profit after tax came in at Rs.1.35 billion, or 
7.6%, of the revenue for the quarter. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Coming to the other Financial Highlights for the quarter: 
The tax rate was 19.1% for the quarter within our previously guided range of 18% to 
20% for FY25. Reported DSO moved up in the quarter to 68 days in Q1, mainly due to 
some delay in collection of couple of healthcare accounts. Almost all of these were 
collected in the first two weeks of July and normalizing to that, our DSO is at 61 days. 
The cash balance including investments stood at Rs.2.1 billion at the end of the Q1. 
Our net debt stands at Rs.9.7 billion as of June 30th, 2024, versus Rs.6 billion as of 
March 31st, 2024. This increase was mainly due to the higher working capital 
requirement which we have due to the higher revenues as well as some DSO delay. 
We also converted some short-term working capital loans to a long-term to gain 
advantage of the interest cost arbitrage which is as of today in the market. 
During the quarter, we also paid the cash consideration of Rs.2 billion for the acquisition 
of QBSS. I am happy to report that we have completed the integration of QBSS during 
Q1 itself. 
We continue to invest in expanding our execution infrastructure. In Q1, we have added 
two new seating capacity in Chennai and Philippines. We are also investing in additional 
capacities in Hyderabad and Mexico. 
Our hedge book as of 30th June were as follows: We have coverage of GBP 72.8 million 
for next 12-months with average rate of Rs.106.9 per Pound and coverage of $133.2 
million with an average rate of 84.6 to a US$. 
This is all from my side. I will hand the call back to Ritesh to talk about our strategic 
priorities and outlook. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Dinesh. As you will recall, One Firstsource framework has been our 
playbook for the strategy refresh across the organization over the last three quarters. 
Our Q1 Results are a testimony of our focused execution on each one of the seven 
themes that we outlined as part of this playbook. 
In the interest of time, let me highlight the progress we have made on a few of these 
themes in Q1. One of the foundational tenets of the One Firstsource Playbook was the 
simplification of organization design and realignment of the leadership team. During Q1, 
we hired Sohit Brahmawar as our new President and Chief Operating Officer. Sohit has 
over 25 years of rich and varied experience across global organizations, and in his most 
recent stint, he was leading a global team of over 50,000 people as the chief delivery 
officer. 
During Q1, we also made several senior hires to fill identified gaps in sales, solution 
design, technology and delivery operations across market units and capability units. We 
also added muscle to our technology and partnerships team. I believe we now have the 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
team in place to deliver on a medium-term growth aspiration. What gives me confidence 
is the quality of leadership talent we have been able to attract, and I see that as a 
validation of both our core strengths, our revamped go-to-market strategy and our ability 
to build a resilient, durable and differentiated business with industry-leading growth. 
Given the healthy momentum we are experiencing, we continue to invest to ensure that 
we can capitalize on the momentum with our differentiated proposition in the market 
today. 
During Q1, we also completed the setting up of a customer advisory board that includes 
experts across verticals, such as financial services, healthcare, communications, media 
and technology. These are industry veterans who held senior leadership roles in various 
globally reputed companies. We intend to leverage their deep domain knowledge and 
experience to improve our value proposition, guide our strategic thinking and amplify 
the Firstsource brand in the marketplace. 
Our investments in reinvigorating our sales engine are also yielding results. In Q1, we 
won three large deals. We’ve also identified a set of both existing accounts as well as 
the basket of new logos where we are making a concerted effort to drive growth. Our 
success in rapidly refilling and growing the deal pipeline gives me confidence that we 
are on the right track. 
Another key theme of the One Firstsource Playbook was to bring technology and 
everything we do. This includes building technology-led proposition to disrupt 
incumbents in our target set of accounts and infusing our existing frameworks and 
platforms with the latest technologies to improve their relevance and attractiveness in 
the marketplace. Today, we also announced the launch of “relAI,” a suite of AI-led 
offerings, solutions and platforms to drive digital transformation of clients in a 
responsible manner. The offerings are aimed at each stage of the transformation 
journey, starting with the discovery phase where we partner our customers in assessing 
and benchmarking their AI readiness, discovering the use cases, selecting the optimal 
platforms to the mature phase where we help with data engineering, building of AI 
platform stacks and verification and training on LLMs. We are also infusing our current 
platforms across Healthtech, Fintech and CX with AI to significantly enhance their 
operational efficiencies and improve business benefits to customers while continuing to 
deepen our partnerships with innovative startups and hyper scalers. In my view, reIAI 
is a prime example of how we are leveraging the current tech disruption to our 
advantage. 
Finally, I would like to draw your attention to our margins that have remained in a narrow 
band over the last four quarters despite the stepped-up investment. This underscores 
our efforts on cost optimization and driving operational efficiencies as part of the One 
Firstsource framework. We’ve identified 24 specific margin levers where we see 
meaningful scope for improvement, some, like offshoring or right-shoring resources, are 
already in play, which you see in the business mix, while others like increasing the span 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
of control as well as consolidation of onsite delivery locations, would have a more visible 
impact over the coming quarters. We are also taking a hard look at our portfolio to 
identify accounts with sub-optimal profitability and pushing for corrective steps there, 
including reviewing the contract commercials. Overall, I feel comfortable with our ability 
to drive a consistent improvement in our margins, which would have a more visible flow 
through in our reported margin starting next year, even as we keep them in a narrow 
band during our investment phase in the near term. 
In summary, I am pleased with the progress we have made in the last three quarters in 
each of the areas we’ve identified for the strategy refresh. 
Business Outlook: 
For the Fiscal Year ‘25, we now expect our revenue to grow in the range of 11.5% to 
13.5% in constant currency terms. This is ahead of our initial guidance of 10% to 13%. 
We also remain optimistic of achieving a US$1 billion revenue run rate by Q4 of FY26. 
For operating margins, we continue to expect our FY25 EBIT margin to be in the range 
of 11% to 12%. This is inclusive of the impact of upfront investments that we are making 
in the business. Post the investment phase, we expect our EBIT margins to improve by 
50 to 75 basis points each year over the medium-term as we have stated earlier. 
This concludes our opening remarks, and we can now open the floor over for questions. 
Operator, over to you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, it is basically two questions from. My side, lots of strengths in the results in this 
quarter. So, I think the only pocket of weakness which we could find was possibly the 
CMT vertical. So, as you had alluded last quarter as well, I think this quarter this vertical 
will see the weakness because of the onsite to offshore shift for the top client. So, what 
is the outlook on that client and the vertical. Is the onsite to offshore shifts that you were 
expecting is it complete or is it going to come in the next couple of quarters? And taking 
that along with what will be the kind of growth rate that we are expecting or let’s say 
what the growth outlook for this segment for FY25 on an overall basis? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
While I don’t want to talk about a specific client, but what I can tell you is that we continue 
to engage very actively with all of our large clients in this vertical and we continue to 
gain new business from them. Specifically on our top client, you’re aware that we are 
working on moving some components of the work from onsite to offshore and this 
transition is happening in phases. So, there could be some volatility on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, but I wouldn’t read too much into it. On a full-year basis, it’s in line with 
our estimates and it’s already factored in our guidance. So, there’s nothing new out 
there that you need to think about there. It’s in line with our guidance that we provided 
in the beginning of the year. At the same time, what I also want to talk about is our CMT 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
vertical from an overall pipeline standpoint continues to be very robust and we are 
seeing traction both in the Telecom & Digital Media space, as well as in the EdTech 
side, and finally in the Consumer Tech side. So, we are seeing a broad-based growth 
across all the three sub-segments out here and you will see some logo conversions in 
the coming quarter as well. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Second question is on the Healthcare vertical. Of course, this quarter saw a very sharp 
jump in revenues because of QBSS as well as of course the ramp up of deals. So, 
again, in this front, is the initial ramp-up of most of these deals complete and hereafter 
we could expect a normalized run rate, or do you believe there could be some sharp 
volatility in the revenue run rate in this vertical going forward? On an overall basis, just 
wanted to cross verify that we would expect Healthcare vertical to grow above the 
Company average for FY25? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me start at the outset by saying, we do expect the Healthcare vertical to grow 
above the Company average for the year, and we do expect that growth to be largely 
driven by the payer segment, and #3 we expect the growth in the payer segment to be 
broad-based across a wide range of clients as opposed to a particular client itself. So, 
those are three comments that I just want to make right at the outset. On the payer side, 
what I think is helping us is the fact that our strategy to focus on strategic accounts is 
playing well and we had good deal wins in the space even in Q1. What you have seen 
some of the growth that we experienced in Q1 is a function of the deal wins that we had 
in the last three quarters and a lot of that ramp continues to happen in phases. So, it’s 
not like everything is fully out there. But at the same time, we also see a very healthy 
pipeline in the payer segment and that’s what makes us confident about the outlook for 
the segment itself. On the provider side, we are focused on broad basing our portfolio. 
So, we are quite excited by the potential in the offshore RCM market where the QBSS 
acquisition now allows us to aggressively compete with the technology-led end-to-end 
capability on the RCM side. We had two joint deal wins in the quarter, which is a 
validation of the rationale for acquiring QBSS in the first instance and I think we continue 
to build up on top of that. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one last question for Dinesh. I think you mentioned the wage hike has been kind 
of moved from Q3 to Q2. Given that we are in July and large part of the wage hike would 
already have been rolled out, what is the likely impact on margins that we are expected 
to see on the gross level of the wage hike and where do you expect the margins for Q2 
to land up, would we be able to negate that drop by other levers or do you expect a 
drop in margins in Q2? 
Dinesh Jain: 
No, I think as I said, we will continue in the same band range of 11% to 12% and I think 
wage hikes are in the same lines what we are historically doing. I don’t want to comment 
specifically on percentage, but I think the margin guidance will remain within 11% to 
12%. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
I just wanted to pick your brains with regards to the revision in terms of guidance given 
the qualitative commentary that you shared, the deal wins that you’ve spoken about as 
well as the likely trajectory across industry segments, the implied growth arithmetic for 
the next three quarters appears to be quite conservative. Just trying to understand what 
exactly is driving that? The second question was with regards to the metrics or the 
improvement in terms of offshore revenue mix. While I understand there is an element 
of the acquisition consolidation as well, but would be great to simply get your sense in 
terms of how should one be seeing this metric move over the course of foreseeable 
future as well as the likely tailwind that’s emerging because of this phenomenon? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let me start with the first question on the guidance itself. So, Manik, our guidance is 
based on a line of sight in the business over FY25 as of today. So, I don’t want to qualify 
it in any manner or comment on what you alluded to in the quarter-on-quarter growth 
calculations itself. But from our vantage point, what we are trying to do is to keep our 
focus on supporting our clients proactively in the transformation agendas and identifying 
opportunities to expand our footprint, both within our existing clients as well as new 
logos. Our sales engine is chugging well. I feel confident of our revamped go-to-market 
strategy as well as the rigor that we are bringing in, in our execution. And that’s quite 
honestly what gave us confidence to raise the guidance from 10% to 13% that we 
provided at the beginning of the year to 11.5% to 13.5% now. I would like to leave it at 
that spot now based on what we see because we are trying to make sure that this is 
the best possible visibility that we have at this point in time. With regards to your second 
question on the offshore, onsite mix, the one thing you would have seen as you look at 
just the last four quarters itself, right, our revenue by delivery from an offshore-onshore 
standpoint, if I go back to Q1 of FY’24 to where we are today, we were at about a 25-
75 mix and we are now at about a 35-65 mix. What you will see is just the renewed 
focus on continuing to try and balance that mix out towards the greater offshore 
concentration and that’s something that all of us in the leadership team are driving very 
clearly. I don’t want to comment on what it might play out on a particular quarter itself 
or what this outlook might assume, but what you should take away is that as a secular 
team, the offshore to onshore mix should continue to move directionally in the same 
manner as it has over the last four quarters. 
Manik Taneja: 
How should one be thinking about the margin profile for offshore delivery of our 
business compared to the typical onshore or nearshore delivery, that will be great to get 
your inputs on that? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Look, obviously the offshore delivery comes at a higher margin than the onshore 
delivery. Look, there are a bunch of puts and takes out here, right. So, think about the 
last three quarters also, we’ve been trying to play a very fine balancing act between 
what investments we need for the business, what cost takeouts we need to do to ensure 
that we can continue to support the growth that the business demands and to ensure 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
that we are able to build something that’s truly resilient and durable. So, while we might 
end up getting some margin benefits from the greater offshore concentration, some of 
it we are also in the near-term trying to leverage in the context of maybe supporting 
additional investments that we also need for the business as well. So, that’s the way we 
are trying to balance it out, but suffice to say, at a summary level, the offshore margins 
are obviously higher than the onshore margins that we get. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jalaj from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jalaj: 
I had a few questions. First of all, could you break the growth in healthcare vertical both 
organically and the inorganic part? On the organic, what part has come from a payer 
and a provider, some directional view over that? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me address the first one, which is if you take our overall growth for the quarter 
itself, a couple of percentage points is what we’ve got from QBSS from a contribution 
standpoint. We are not breaking out the payer-provider mix itself in terms of the 
revenues because what we are starting to see is increasingly also a convergence, 
where a bunch of payers have provider offerings and vice versa. So, the rider capability 
sets is emerging. So, we are also starting to view the business in that context where it’s 
more integrated than otherwise. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
And there is a bunch of overlaps that end up happening. So, from that vantage point, 
as much as we talk about the capability sets and where we see traction, this is the way 
we are actually viewing the revenue split.  
Jalaj: 
So, no quantification of QBSS contribution this time? Could I have the number there?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
I mentioned the number. The overall growth is about 2% from QBSS. So, the rest you 
can do the math.  
Debashish: 
This is Debashish from Svan Investments. So, one more question apart from what Jalaj 
asked. Sir, if I see our guidance, obviously, this is including the inorganic contribution 
that we have. So, even if I assume that flattish performance for next three quarters will 
be easily achieving this kind of numbers. On the one side, we are talking about higher 
order book, higher pipeline. On the other side, we remain very, very conservative. Is it 
because of the uncertain macro scenario or it is like we are trying to be competitive?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Look, I think the way to think about it is given the strong growth that we had in Q1, it 
was natural to raise the lower end of the guidance, right? The guidance band, however, 
is influenced by a variety of variables. For example, how we see the pipeline converting, 
the pace of ramp up of deals that we have pulled on.  
 
It is very difficult to quantify each and every variable for you. At the same time, it is 
difficult for me to comment on the macro variables as well. In fact, you may have a 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
better view on the trend of these variables, right? Because if I listen to the Fed Chairman 
every month, the commentary out there could vary, right?  
 
So, the reason that we are trying to build this out is to say that our guidance is based 
on what we are seeing in our business as of today. We are not making any assumptions 
on the macro variables on which we have no influence whatsoever.  
 
So, anything that happens out there is purely an upside to the numbers. And from our 
vantage point, we are trying to make sure that with that visibility of data and pipeline, 
pace of ramp up of deals, etc., where do we stand at this point in time is what we are 
trying to provide visibility to and this is the best that we could do at this stage.  
Debashish: 
So, should we assume that because considering the size that we are operating to, I 
don’t think macro has a very large role to play in our performance. Should we consider 
that despite macro performing, our order book and everything is giving us sufficient 
confidence that we will be able to possibly meet our higher end guidance or possibly 
cross that?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think it’s fair to assume that, and this is one of the things that you probably heard me 
say right at the outset, which is we are trying to minimize the impact of the macro on 
our business itself. We want to make sure that we are able to provide a degree of 
predictability to how we grow the business. What we have tried to do at this stage is to 
say obviously we had a strong Q1.  
 
We want to make sure and based on the fact that we ended up having that strong Q1, 
we upped the forecast of what we thought we could achieve, but it’s based on obviously 
a set of variables that I talked about and we are trying to provide guidance given the 
contours of that itself. So, there is no assumption on macro at all. Whether it’s on the 
interest rate side or otherwise, we think that any of that can potentially just end up being 
an upside.  
Debashish: 
One last question, sir. If I see our employee cost, obviously you and CFO sir has already 
touched upon on this, but if I see an employee cost despite shifting towards offshore, it 
has not come down significantly over the period of last two, three quarters, and I am 
assuming large part of that is because of the senior hiring that we had done, which has 
given a positive boost to our revenue and the cost per employee.  
 
So, by what time we can expect some operating revenues to pay out here because the 
kind of offshore shifting that we had in last three, four quarters, it should have a very 
positive repercussion on our margin performance? So, by what time we can see a 
significant impact on our EBIT level margin or EBITDA level margin performance of 
operating leverage in a margin performance? Thank you so much for answering that 
question.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Ritesh Idnani: 
No, thank you for asking that question. So, look, let me take a step back and just give 
you a flavor of where those investments are happening today, right? So, we are making 
investments in broadly three areas.  
 
First is in expanding our sales and account teams itself. I have spoken about how our 
sales teams have grown by almost a third over the last six months itself.  
 
Second is on the capability side where we are doing both leadership hires as well as 
beefing up our solutions teams itself. For example, I spoke about relAI earlier, where 
we continue to modernize our services and platforms by infusing them with the latest 
technology. Similarly, we are building out our trust and safety practice. Akash Pugalia, 
who joined us last quarter and is based in the Bay Area, is leading that effort for us, 
right?  
 
The third area that we are also investing is in amplifying the Firstsource brand and 
expanding our relationships and visibility in the analyst and advisor community. You 
would have seen that also in the refresh in our brand positioning, that’s more dynamic 
and enlarged with our aspirations.  
 
While some of these investments would be ongoing, I expect the bulk of our initial 
investments on the people front and areas such as leadership, sales and solution teams 
should be largely over by the next quarter.  
 
So, a lot of our initiatives around cost optimization and margin improvement should 
gradually get visible over H2. And as I have stated earlier also, that’s why we expect to 
still operate in the band of 11 to 12%, but starting next fiscal, we expect to see the 
margin uptake of 50 to 75 basis points every year.  
Debashish: 
So, sir, aspirationally, should we look at a kind of 15%-16% margin in this business over 
the period of next 4-5 years, is it a possible number?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
The simple answer that I would give is that our peers are typically in the 14% to 15% 
EBIT range, this business and is continued to undergo a fair amount of shifts also. 
Those shifts demand investments and capabilities to ensure that the business continues 
to be relevant and contemporary. So, the way we are designing the business is that we 
should converge to the 14%-15% over the next three to four years and that’s where we 
are keeping our current line of sight too.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Shradha: 
Just a couple of questions related to GenAI. One of the large IT services companies 
indicated that the productivity improvement because of implementation of GenAI can 
be as huge as 50% in some of the BPO offerings. So, what are your views on that and 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
what is the kind of ask from clients in terms of fast-back of productivity improvement 
today?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Shradha, for the question. I can’t comment about the peer group and what 
they might be seeing out there. What I can see is only what we are seeing in our 
business and let me respond to this in a few different streams, right, in terms of the 
impact of GenAI and what we are seeing in the marketplace itself.  
 
First and foremost, today and some of this has not changed even over the last three 
months when we did the last earnings call, there are a lot of POCs (proof of concepts) 
that are still being executed. There is very little that’s actually moving into a production 
environment itself.  
 
What I think is critical though is the ability to take AI and provide the art of the possible 
of how the landscape might shift over the next few years and that’s one of the things 
that we are certainly taking to our customers, and which is one of the reasons why I 
think we are able to win out there in the marketplace itself.  
 
What I do expect is that AI will certainly cannibalize some of the lower end of the BPS 
services but it’s not material enough. New business opportunities using AI is far bigger 
and at the same time what I am also seeing is data, AI/ML operations, tech led trust 
and safety will be a new frontier to expand our business using AI.  
 
Data is the lifeblood of artificial intelligence which is why companies specializing in data 
management and processing are faring well right now. And from our vantage point, we 
see an opportunity to play in that space and generate incremental revenue, while at the 
same time using AI also as an efficiency tool where it’s embedded in the solutions that 
we are taking to market.  
 
One of the other things that’s also creating an opportunity for us is to play on offense 
and take share from some of the larger players who might not be willing to go out there 
and use disruptive propositions in the marketplace. So, we are also seeing opportunities 
out there to take share from some of the larger incumbents as well as from 
undifferentiated players who may not be bringing some of these capabilities to the 
forefront.  
 
So, net-net from our vantage point, while AI is out here as a secular team is here to 
stay. We also believe it can be a net positive in terms of how we are approaching the 
business itself and that’s manifested in some of the outcomes that we are seeing.  
Shradha: 
And another question is, you know, we have seen a good amount of offshore shift and 
I believe that that is to do with the top account in CMT and despite that, I look at the 
segmental margin in CMT, that’s down almost 300 bps Q-on-Q. So, any color on that 
front would be helpful.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Ritesh Idnani: 
I wouldn’t read anything into it. It’s probably just one quarter of play or something. Some 
of that will reverse itself out in the next quarter. So, there are a bunch of other things 
that we are working on in the same space. So, between our telecom and digital media 
clients, between our consumer tech clients and with our EdTech clients, we continue to 
also make some investments in the business. We are building out for capacity for some 
of the pipeline that we are seeing in the space as well. So, this is natural to put and take 
in a quarter itself.  
Shradha: 
And just last thing again talking about the guidance, Ritesh. I mean, I understand that 
we have raised the guidance, but looking at how we entered into FY25, probably, the 
extent of upgrade is not very encouraging, especially given the fact that if you look at 
the lead indicator like employed growth numbers, that itself is up 5% in this quarter and 
also we are talking of getting into three strategic deals in this quarter and probably the 
season, the collections business seasonality that plays out every year in second half. 
So, would it be possible for you to quantify the areas where you are a bit cautious on 
and which is why the guidance is talking of flattish growth in the next three quarters? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, the first comment and I tried to cover this in my opening comments as well, Shradha, 
is that we are expecting broad-based growth across verticals and across geographies. 
At the same time, we are also expecting growth across capability areas as well. So, we 
are not seeing a weakness. Some of these verticals and capabilities may grow at a 
faster pace than the other, but we are seeing broad-based growth.  
 
That being said, I just want to reiterate the same comment on the guidance itself. We 
had a strong Q1 that gave us comfort and confidence to raise our guidance from 10% 
to 13% earlier to 11.5% to 13.5%. It was natural for us to raise the lower end of the 
guidance. 
 
But at the same time, I want to make sure that the guidance band is influenced by 
multiple things that we want to be careful about. Whether it’s when does the pipeline 
convert, the pace of ramp-up of deals, all of those are variables that play out with one 
quarter to over one quarter, two quarters, etc.  
 
So, I want to be mindful of that. And it’s difficult for us to quantify each and every one 
of those variables, and that’s the reason why we have decided to stick to the guidance 
of 11.5% to 13.5%. It’s the best visibility that we have based on how we see the 
business today.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead.  
Dipesh: 
First of all, the Q1 performance, whether it was largely in line with management 
expectation at the beginning or it is better than that? And whether we witnessed any 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
preponement kind of thing in terms of revenue conversion than what you might have 
anticipated at the beginning?  
 
Second question is about if I go to the past, Sourcepoint related non-controlling stake 
purchase, I think one of the installments was due in April’24. So, if you can provide 
some details about how that played out.  
 
Third is about the Group Chairman interview, I think where he made a comment about 
2.5x profit growth in next three years. Whether management is also in sync with those 
kind of expectations from the business?  
 
And last is more about AI, partly your answer, but I have a slightly different twist to the 
question. Whether in terms of your client interaction, increased interest in AI led to any 
kind of higher level of productivity expectation from clients? So, when the deals are 
getting structured, are we seeing clients expecting, let’s say, year two, year three 
onwards, higher productivity built into the contract? Thank you. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thanks, Dipesh, for all those questions. Let me actually take the second one first and 
ask Dinesh to comment on the Sourcepoint piece, and then I will come to the three 
other questions that you had.  
Dinesh Jain: 
So, I think, Dipesh, we paid the last installment in April, which was US$ 2.5 million, and 
now no more payment, in respect of any of the acquisition or the transaction that was 
with the Sourcepoint is now pending in the books. All has been closed.  
Dipesh: 
One was, I think when we announced it, was also due in April’25. So, now is it no longer 
due?  
Dinesh Jain: 
No, no, it was for three years. So, FY24 was the last one which we have done.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think the first question was related to how we felt about the quarter that went by relative 
to our forecast. Look, we knew it was going to be a strong quarter, and sometimes it 
comes back to the comment I made even when we were talking about the guidance, 
right? At any stage in the life cycle, sometimes you don’t know when some of the 
pipeline might convert, when the deals might ramp up, etc. So, we feel good about how 
we did in the quarter. We thought it was a strong performance.  
 
I am going to address the third question, the last question that you had related to the 
commentary that Dr. Goenka made on CNBC. Look, very simply put, we raised our 
guidance for constant currency growth to 11.5%-13.5%. We maintained our EBIT 
margin guided band at 11%-12% in FY25, including the ongoing accelerated 
investments in the business.  
We have also maintained our aspirations for a $1 
billion run rate by the 4th Quarter of FY26, as well as improving our margins by 50 to 
75 basis points each year over the medium term. Both these levels of commentary 
pretty much align to the same end-state itself. So, there is nothing which is out of sync. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
What I would also say, which you didn’t talk about, so let me bring it to the table anyway, 
is he talked about targeting three large deals in a quarter. We actually did that in the 
quarter that went by. And we have been making a focused effort to rev up our sales 
engine. So, we feel good about how we are building out this business itself, both from 
a growth capability as well as from a margin standpoint. And that’s what gives us 
comfort in terms of how we are setting this up for a more resilient, durable business 
over the long haul.  
 
I know you had one more question, which I think I missed. 
Dipesh: 
So, the question is about increased interest in AI, whether clients are asking for higher 
level of productivity, the way deals are getting structured, year two, year three onwards?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, I think what I am seeing is that clients, you know, we are participating very actively 
with customers on their revenue growth, cost optimization and process transformation 
agenda and how we can bring in tech into those solutions.  
 
What you will see with that is not necessarily a linear headcount-based pricing model, 
but you are seeing innovative commercial constructs and a lot of it particularly where 
we are actively hunting for sole source opportunities, both in our existing portfolio 
accounts as well as new logos. We are seeing the opportunity to construct the deal on 
our own and that gives us the flexibility to determine the kind of benefits that are possible 
where we can reduce the total cost of ownership for our customers for that scope of 
work itself.  
 
Now the way we might bring that about might be through higher productivity. It might be 
by bringing in the promise of what AI can bring to bear so on and so forth, but eventually 
it comes down to can you take a customer from point A to point B. Where I think there 
is an opportunity for us is today, clients don’t know what they don’t know, and service 
providers are not competing on an even keel.  
 
So, it’s not an apples to apples playing field. And that gives opportunity for nimble, agile, 
innovative providers like us who are challenging the status quo to go out there and 
disrupt and try and bring solutions which help address complex business problems. 
That is where I think we are able to win in the marketplace today.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next follow-up question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from 
Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just a couple of follow-up questions from my side. One is in the headcount addition that 
we saw in this quarter, how much is linked to the QBSS acquisition and how much was 
the basically headcount addition in our own Firstsource company?  
 
The second thing is, Ritesh, you have mentioned that, I mean, we have seen the 
increase in offshoring from 25% to 35% over the past two, three quarters. Where do 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
you think with the current business mix that we have, given that many a times it’s a 
regulatory requirement to have higher on-site people, the mix of GenAI that we are 
looking at, what could be the upper ceiling for this number? I am not asking for a timeline 
that we did ever reach that, but what do you believe could be a potential cap that, okay, 
that is a number that could probably be where it would be difficult to reach in that sense?  
 
And lastly, a question for Dinesh again. In terms of our net debt position, what is our 
basically outlook on this? How do we expect this net debt to come down over the next 
few quarters? And is there a timeline that we have in our business plan made as to 
when would we be likely looking at a net cash company?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Dinesh, you want to take the question first, and then I will come to the first two questions 
that we have all had.  
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes. So, I think net debt position, as you see, I think most of the cash flow this quarter 
has basically slightly a higher DSO. That’s the reason the cash flow is slightly weak and 
at the level. I think the debt level has increased. Otherwise, we expect, that every 
quarter whatever the surplus cash remains, which we expect to be between, $10-12 
million, which we generate every quarter, we should utilize to repay these borrowings, 
which is the norm which we have considered as of today. But I will not be able to give 
you exact timeline when it will be, but if you really model it, most likely that is equal to 
around $110 million to $115 million, it should be probably within 6 to 8 quarters, when 
the normal cash generation should make it net debt zero.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
My other two questions, Ritesh, if you could.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes, Vibhor. So, the remaining two questions that you had, let me address the second 
one first and then come to the first question on the headcount. So, it’s hard to put a 
specific number on where we expect that mix to get to. What we know is we are trying 
to directionally continue to move towards the higher offshore revenue contribution from 
a delivery standpoint. So, I think as a secular team, it will continue to go that way. But 
one of the things that also allowed us to differentiate ourselves in the market, right, A, 
we play in regulated markets, particularly financial services and health care. Regulated 
markets require oftentimes that the work is done in country in the market itself.  
 
Number two, it allows us to take on a process end to end. And those are actually key 
differentiators in the market. In fact, one of the deals we won last quarter, we were up 
against a couple of our large IT services brethren whom we were competing with, and 
they could not show the in-country footprint. And that was one of the reasons why we 
actually ended up winning the deal was because they just didn’t have the comparable 
capability set. We think that that is actually a differentiator for us if used in the right way.  
 
So, I know I am not giving you a very specific answer on the number which you are 
looking for, or even a time horizon, but I think what you will end up seeing is directionally 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
this number moves in the right, continues to move upwards. I don’t know what’s the 
ceiling for it, which is what you are asking for. And it’s hard to say whether it’s going to 
happen over three quarters, six quarters, four quarters, etc. But you should expect the 
mix to continue to trend in favor of offshore. That’s the second question.  
 
The first one, so one of the areas of focus for us also, Vibhor, is to reduce the linearity 
in our business as well. Right? So, there are elements which require headcount addition 
and QBSS had some tech capabilities. They have their platforms that they use to deliver 
some of the coding work that they do as well as some of the AR follow-ups and so on 
and so forth. We are able to deliver a lot of services today on the back of the tech 
platforms and IP that we have. So, when you look at a combination of some of these 
things, that is going to have a bearing on how headcount addition actually plays out 
every quarter. So, it is going to be a combination of some linear work and some 
nonlinear work itself.  
 
I will give you another example. We launched our Collections as a Service capability 
last quarter. And that actually allows customers to build a cutting-edge digital collections 
capability with minimal human intervention. And it’s largely configurable right from the 
get-go. And those are the kinds of things that actually allow us to differentiate ourselves 
in the market.  
 
And I kind of referenced it upfront in my commentary that in a market like that, we don’t 
even run into the traditional IT services and BPO companies. We run into other SaaS 
players who have a similar platform. So, there is minimal human touch, you will see this 
playing out this quarter as well as the next quarter as well that as we add revenue, some 
of that revenue may not have a direct correlation to headcount.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one last follow-up on the second question So, you are saying that while it would be 
difficult to give a ceiling to the offshoring number, but even from current levels, we have 
ample scope to take that number high. Is that understanding correct? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes, absolutely. That’s correct.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you for joining the call and for all of your questions. I just want to close with a 
few final points. We remain laser focused on leveraging our strong foundation to gain 
from market opportunities that are caused by the ongoing macro and technology shifts.  
 
We have started FY25 with strong revenue growth. Our revamped sales engine is 
working well, which is reflected in our strong deal wins as well as deal pipeline in Q1. 
That has also given us confidence to raise our FY25 revenue growth guidance to 11.5% 
to 13.5%. Our leadership rebuild is also on track. Our ability to attract top quality talent 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
is yet another validation of both our core strengths, our revamped go-to-market strategy 
and our ability to build a resilient, durable business with industry-leading growth.  
 
Overall, I am satisfied with our progress, and we are optimistic about realizing our long-
term growth aspirations of achieving $1 billion revenue run rate business by Q4 of FY26 
while continuing to expand margins. That’s all from our side and we look forward to 
interacting with you again in the next quarter call. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
