Varroc Engineering Limited 
Regd. & Corp. Office 
 
 
L‐4, MIDC, Industrial Area 
Waluj, Aurangabad 431 136, 
Maharashtra, India 
Tel   + 91 240 6653700 
Fax   + 91 240 2564540 
email: varroc.info@varroc.com 
www.varroc.com 
CIN: L28920MH1988PLC047335 
 
VARROC/SE/INT/2024-25/58 
 
 
 
 
 
August 12, 2024 
 
To, 
 
The Manager- Listing 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G 
Block,        
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
NSE Symbol: VARROC 
  
The Manager – Listing 
The Corporate Relation Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001. 
BSE Security Code: 541578 
[Debt: 975062] 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor / Conference Call pertaining to Unaudited 
Financial Results for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find Transcript of Investors / Conference Call held on Wednesday, August 7, 
2024, in respect of the Un-audited Financial results for the quarter ended on June 
30, 2024.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Varroc Engineering Limited 
                       
 
 
 
Ajay Sharma 
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary  
Membership No. A-9127 
  
Encl: a/a  
 
 
Ajay Kumar 
Sharma
Digitally signed by Ajay Kumar 
Sharma 
Date: 2024.08.12 10:02:08 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Varroc Engineering Limited 
Q1 FY ’25 Post Results Conference Call” 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARANG JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. ARJUN JAIN– WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER –BUSINESS-I – VARROC ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
MR. K MAHENDRA KUMAR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
VARROC ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. BIKASH DUGAR – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS–VARROC 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BASUDEB BANERJEE – ICICI SECURITIES  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY'25 Post Result Conference Call of 
Varroc Engineering hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded I now hand the conference over to Mr. Basudeb. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks Sumit. Good evening all participants. Thanks to the management of Varroc Engineering 
for giving us the opportunity to host the call. We have with us the senior management 
represented by Mr. Tarang Jain, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Arjun Jain, Whole-Time 
Director and CEO of Business-I; Mr. Mahendra Kumar Karumanchi, Global Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Bikash Dugar, Head of Investor Relations. So over to you, Tarang sir for initial 
comments. 
Tarang Jain: 
Yes, Tarang Jain here. Thank you team ICICI Securities for hosting the call and good evening 
to everyone for joining the call. The Indian economy continues to perform well and the latest 
GDP growth for Q4 of FY'24 was a robust was robust at 7.8% for the quarter. This result 
confirms that India is the world's fastest-growing economy. The global economy continues to 
remain uncertain due to geopolitical issues in Europe and Asia and recession fears in the U.S. 
 
In Q1 FY'25, strong domestic macro factors resulted in most of the automobile segment growing 
on a year-on-year basis other than the commercial vehicle segment. The 2-wheeler segment grew 
by 19.6%, 3-wheelers grew by 9.4%, passenger vehicles grew by 5.8%, but the commercial 
vehicles degrew by 1.4%. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, we saw a degrowth in almost all 
segments other than 2-wheelers primarily due to the cyclical nature of the industry. 
 
2-wheeler grew by 6.1%, 3-wheelers degrew by 1.4%, passenger vehicles degrew by 10.3% and 
the commercial vehicles degrew by 13.4%. The overseas market especially the U.S. and the 
European market also showed negative growth for 2-wheelers. In the Asian region, the growth 
was largely driven by low-end segments and the premium segment continues to struggle for 
growth in this region. 
 
During quarter 1 of FY '25 despite negative growth in overseas operations which we explained 
in our previous calls and some commodity price adjustments the company registered a revenue 
of INR18,989 million with a 5.2% year-on-year growth. The Indian business reported a growth 
of 11.3%. We remain confident that our business wins and EV volumes will be ramping up in 
the remaining part of this financial year. The profitability of the company was also impacted by 
the startup of cost owing to two plants -- two new plants in Maharashtra. 
 
Despite these challenges, our company could registered a PBT of almost 3% during quarter 1 of 
FY '25. As indicated earlier, we are working on various special initiatives to achieve cost 
reductions across several categories of cost with special focus on fixed cost. We also mentioned 
earlier that we are increasing sourcing from renewable sources. The first phase of this initiative 
is expected to result in 36.6 megawatts of power of sourcing from solar power starting from 
quarter 2 of this year and is expected to give us an annual recurring saving of around INR200 
million. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
The Board has further approved Phase 2 to source another 14-megawatt power in this financial 
year. We are also implementing various initiatives in the overseas market also to reduce input 
costs and fixed costs. All these initiatives are expected to gradually improve our margins starting 
from half 2 of this year. 
 
We also continue to remain prudent in our capital allocation and exercise tight control on 
working capital and capex. This resulted in a net debt reducing by further INR668 million in 
quarter 1 of FY '25 and our net debt to equity has improved to 0.59. We remain committed to 
improving free cash flow generation and centering the balance sheet. In the past 2 years, we have 
seen our efforts resulting in a strong free cash flow generation and debt reduction, thereby 
tendering our balance sheet. 
 
This improvement has resulted in an upgrade to the credit rating of the company by 1 notch to 
AA minus for long term, and our short-term rating is at a top notch, which is A1 plus. Our 
endeavour remains to continue this journey of improvement in coming years also. In quarter 1 
of FY'25, our lifetime new business wins was over INR7,959 million, the cumulative order wins 
are expected to result in an annual peak revenue levels of around INR1,416 million, nearly 48% 
of our business wins in this quarter has come from the EV players revenue from supplying to 
EV players in quarter 1 FY '25 was approximately 8% of our overall revenues. 
 
Looking ahead, while the global economic environment remains uncertain, we are confident in 
our ability to capitalize on opportunities. We continue to innovate by further strengthening our 
engineering capabilities team and operations through further cost reductions and working capital 
optimization. Our endeavour will remain to expand our presence through focused products to 
drive sustainable growth and deliver value to our shareholders. 
 
We also continue to focus more on export opportunities, growing our aftermarket business. We'll 
continue to build on our strengths, uphold our values and create value for all stakeholders. We 
have uploaded our investor presentation in the stock exchange as well as on the website. I will 
now ask MK, our Group CFO, to walk you through the presentation and give more insights on 
the financial performance for this quarter. Thank you. 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Thank you, Tarang. Good evening, everyone. Let me reiterate some of these highlights. 11.3% 
was the India business growth during Q1. At the total consolidated level it worked out to 5.2%, 
largely because of the challenges which we have in the overseas markets. We explained it in the 
previous calls also that H1 is going to be tough for us for the overseas business. But thereafter, 
we should see a gradual recovery over the next 1 to 2 years. 
 
Coming to the profitability, we reported 2.9% PBT in Q1 compared to 3.6% last year. And 
EBITDA was at 9.1%. Net debt continued the downward journey. So we reduced by about 
INR66 crores in Q1. So we are now pretty close to INR900 crores with just about INR916 crores 
kind of net debt level. 
 
As our Chairman mentioned the rating upgrade happened to AA minus. In terms of lifetime 
business one also close to 8 billion of new lifetime orders is what we could win in Q1 and 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
interestingly almost 50% or 48% of the business EV-related basis. And actually the revenue 
from EV-related business in Q1 added up to 7.8% of revenue. 
 
Coming to the cost reductions, as our Chairman pointed out, the renewable energy is now going 
to yield results from Q2 onwards, which should actually give us INR20 crores of benefits on a 
recurring basis annually. Further, we are also trying to invest in Phase 2, which will get us 
another 14 million megawatts through renewable sources. That should also give about INR7 
crores to INR8 crores of recurring savings per annum, once it is implemented. 
 
Going to the next slide, which is about the automotive production trends. I think some of these 
numbers were mentioned by our Chairman already. So if you see the year-over-year growth, 
almost all the segments registered either single-digit or double-digit growth, 2-wheelers grew by 
almost 20%. Commercial vehicles alone had a negative growth. On a sequential quarter-over-
quarter basis, two-wheeler grew by about 6%, and other segments had a negative growth. In the 
current quarter, on a sequential basis, EV 2-wheeler actually registered a growth of close to 6%, 
6.4%. 
 
And then coming to the consolidated financials. As mentioned earlier, it's a 5.2% growth in top 
line, 2.9% in terms of PBT. There are couple of challenges, of course, which we briefly talked 
about earlier contributed to this kind of challenges in Q1. One is the -- in terms of profitability, 
if you really see the negative operating leverage in overseas operations had an impact, which we 
also indicated earlier. 
 
In addition to that, there were a couple of new plants also, which have just commissioned 
operations in Maharashtra, so there are initial start-up costs, which impacted us in Q1. But here 
again, we should see gradual improvements in the coming quarters. So we are going to focus on 
ramping up of new volumes on the new order wins which we had in the recent times. So that 
should support revenue growth for the rest of the year. 
 
In addition to that, as our Chairman also mentioned, we are focusing heavily on the cost 
reduction initiatives, particularly in fixed cost area. Coming to the balance sheet and ratios. As 
I mentioned earlier, the net debt is now close to INR916 crores. So that strengthens the ratios for 
us and the net-debt-to-equity is below 0.6% now, 0.59% and net debt to EBITDA is also just 
about 1.3%. And return on capital employed at about 16.3%. 
 
The next slide, we have given the revenue breakdown. I think the key point to be noted here is 
the relative increase in size of electrical and electronics, plus also the polymers business. In 
terms of geography also, the India business strengthened further. And in terms of segments, 2- 
and 3-wheelers add up to now 78% of the total loan. And Bajaj business is now at 44.6%, close 
to 45%. 
 
In terms of the order win close to 8 billion order win is what we are talking about. And this 
should result in an annual peak revenue of another INR142 crores. This is on top of what we 
announced earlier. And nearly close to 50% of this is in EV-related volumes. And another 
interesting point here will be 4-wheeler share is close to 71% of this total business strength. And 
the non-Bajaj part is almost like 85%. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
So the next slide is about our continuing philosophy of improving the top line growth, coupled 
with margin improvements and ensuring that everything converts into free cash flow and 
prudently gets deployed. So that philosophy continues for us. So the subsequent slides are more 
for information. So let me stop here. We'll be glad to take your questions from here. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
My first question is that if you can call out what was the impact of startup costs in the -- for the 
two plants in Maharashtra? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. So I mean, it's a significant number. I don't want to give the exact number, but it should 
actually improve it in the coming quarters. 
Tarang Jain: 
It's a significant number. And these are two plants which we have started in our plastic moulding 
business and also we're doing some fuel tanks in Bajaj Auto. So these are the plants we've set 
up for Bajaj Auto within -- in Bajaj Auto. And this is where I think these are the start-up costs. 
But going forward, we see that these losses in Q2 will be significantly reduced. And then we 
start making margins from Q3 onwards. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough. As you explained, the growth between India and overseas market, it 
would be great if you can give some perspective on profitability of India and overseas. A related 
question is that how should we think about margin expansion from here on, if you can break it 
down between some geographic mix changes, certain overheads that will get better absorbed 
over a period of time, cost saving initiative, mix change, how should we think about margin? 
And also the spread of profitability between India and overseas market? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Aditya, Mahendra here. So to give you the overall picture, as far as the India business is 
concerned, I think the cost reductions are gradually falling in place. If you eliminate the impact 
of the government incentives in Q4, I think there was some improvement, some reasonable 
improvement in the gross margins already in this quarter. So in India business, that story 
continues. And we are also focusing on all these other fixed cost reductions in the coming 
quarters. So that should strengthen the Indian profitability further. 
 
As far as the overseas thing is concerned, as we indicated earlier, the negative operating leverage 
is coming and hitting us, which is what we indicated in the previous quarters also. That will take 
some time. I think it should slowly improve, but for us to see any concrete improvement, I think 
it will take anywhere between 1 to 2 years. So what we are now heavily banking on is on the 
cost reductions, while we wait for the ramp-up to happen on the volumes. 
 
Our heavy focus is now on reducing cost, both in terms of the regular supply chain cost 
reductions, which we anyway do. On top of that, we are also working on some cost reduction 
programs with some big 4 consultants. So that will enable us to see some good cost reduction 
starting from H2, but again, for you to see the full year benefit, I think it will obviously start 
from next year. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And the number would you like to give what should we think about margin and the split between 
India and overseas  
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
I mean, I don't want to put a number to it, obviously, but margins should certainly improve from 
the current level in the outer quarters as far as the India business is concerned. Overseas should 
more or less stay at this level. So on the whole, we should see improvement from the current 
levels. 
Arjun Jain: 
And Aditya I would add. I think in India, I think we would expect incremental operating leverage 
also coming from the ramp-ups of the different launches that we've had, right? So of course, I 
think, in both different vehicles in the market that have launched, we have content over there. 
But also as EV volumes also continue to expand, I think all of that together would give us a fair 
amount of operating leverage also. 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
And what we have already announced, Aditya, is on the renewable energy part, which is like 
INR20 crores. So that itself is close to 0.3%. We want to be sure about the numbers. But the 
other things are still in the pipeline. -- maybe once we get clarity, we'll be able to share. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. My final question is on order win. So if you see that EV is about 48% of lifetime order 
win -- and Bajaj Auto share in lifetime order win is sub-20%. So it would be interesting if you 
could highlight that what are the breakthroughs that we have had in EV orders in non-Bajaj 
customers and if you can highlight some products? 
Arjun Jain: 
Yes. So it's -- so again, it's not necessarily just EV specific products, right? When we're declaring 
these order wins, we are bifurcating between what is going into an EV model versus what is 
going into an ICE model, right? Like we have declared before, we have 2 EV powertrain 
customers beyond Bajaj for whom development is ongoing. One is local, 1 is foreign. 
 
So those SOPs also, we would expect within this financial year. Outside of that, there is a fair 
amount of business wins that have taken place across lighting, across painted plastics, across 
full-service applied polymer parts into passenger car, right? So I mean to give you a little bit of 
color. I think that's basically the broad split of the order we have. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sure. I'll take it offline. That's it for me all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal from Svan Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: 
Sir, this question is regarding our gross margin. We have seen a slip of almost 190 basis points 
in gross margin. Can you explain -- is there any component of start-up cost sitting there as well 
or basically -- is it because of raw material escalation or -- can you throw some light on that 
please? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes, Vishal. I think you're looking at it sequentially. What you need to do is you need to adjust 
for the one-timer like government incentive which we had last quarter. So if we eliminate that 
from the revenue actually it improved by 1%. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Vishal: 
Okay. Sir, one more question regarding our overall growth. So if we see almost 55%, 60% of 
our business comes from the 2-wheeler and except for 2-wheelers sequentially all the segments 
have seen marginally decline or a double-digit decline in case of CV we have seen a double-
digit decline.  
And for us, top line has degrown by almost 4%. So is it fair to assume that there has been no 
content increase as far as growth is concerned for us in this top line -- in this quarter? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
No, Aditya, I think, again, you're seeing it sequentially last quarter was colored by the 
government incentives, which was a cumulative thing which we took last quarter. So if we 
eliminate that from the base, it was more or less flat or maybe slightly about 1% increase 
sequentially. 
 
But that was again driven by various factors. I think 1 of them in the lower ramp-up in the EV 
segment also, which should now pick up momentum because of the same 2 incentive and the 
other uncertainties, the EV volumes of 2-wheeler did not grow much in the first quarter. So it 
should get corrected from now on. 
Vishal: 
Okay. Okay. So sir, in normal conventional vehicle volumes, we have guided that in the 
incremental order book, our content increase is much higher. So as the execution on the new 
order has not begun to that extent where it will materially benefit our content. Is this 
understanding right? 
Arjun Jain: 
No, I would say the execution, I think for a fairly large portion of our order book and for the 
launches that were to be expected so far, the execution has taken place. But in terms of the ramp-
up of the volume for that execution and also sometimes the customer model also is a little bit 
delayed. That also -- I would say that also potentially sets us back a little bit. But -- but having 
said that, I think in terms of execution being on track, I would say execution is largely on track. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So sir, going ahead, how do you see our content increase in coming quarters and for this 
year. And there is a lot of noise going around that for 4-wheeler segment this year is going to be 
a challenging year. So how do you see going forward, our top line growth for FY '25 first half 
and second half, perhaps if you can throw some light on that? 
Arjun Jain: 
So okay. I think we are thinking through this content increase topic, I would break it up into 2 
parts, right? I think one is with, let's say, the level of technology that is already executed on 
certain vehicles driving incremental market share gain, right? So some of our launches really 
enable us to drive a level of market share gain, right? So that is one part of the story. And really, 
I think in 2-wheeler, I would say that is a more applicable part of the story because practically, 
the total content that we have talked about in the past, we have launched a product for almost -- 
I mean, all of that content, we have a product on the road to address it. 
 
When it comes to passenger car, for sure, there is a level of content increase that is taking place 
both further content increase that's taking place both in lighting and also in terms of polymer 
parts. And I think those are launches that -- I think those are launches that we would expect to 
see those are launches, especially in the whole service polymer parts that we would expect to 
see through the rest of the year. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Vishal: 
Okay. Sir, in terms of -- we have seen there has been reduction in the debt levels. But our interest 
cost remained around INR44 crores for the quarter. In fact, for last 2 years, there has been some 
notable decrease in the debt levels. But quarterly run rate of the interest costs have remained 
almost at similar levels of around INR45 crores, INR50-odd crores. 
 
So when can we see -- sir, first question is why is it so, why it's not a notable decrease in the 
interest cost and when can we see some kind of substantial decrease in the interest cost from 
here on? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
No. Here again, I think we need to compare apples to apples. If you see Q4 number, Q4 interest 
cost. It also had a benefit of reclassification of leasing interest between interest line item and the 
other rental expense. So that way, if you really see in terms of the actual interest cost, there was 
a reduction of about INR3 crores. already between Q4 and Q1. 
 
So that way, I think the benefit has started flowing in. We should see this continuing and 
becoming even better as we continue to repay it. 
Vishal: 
Okay. Sir, I was comparing in fact, from first 3 quarters of FY '24, there was almost around 
INR50 crores of interest cost, which has decreased to INR45 crores last quarter in Q4, and now 
it is around INR44 crores. So my question was -- and in this period, there has been substantial 
decrease in the overall debt level. 
 
So and that meaningful decrease in the interest cost hasn't come. So that was my question. I was 
coming from that when can we see? So as you're saying, that from quarter-on-quarter, we will 
be seeing some material decrease in the interest cost. Is the understanding right? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Correct. We should see it. Another point is if you're comparing with 1 year ago. Some of these 
lease interest also got added, like what we mentioned, some of these new plants had leasing 
arrangements, plus we have an R&D center also which got into a leasing arrangement or renewed 
it. So those lease interests are also included in this line item. 
 
On top of that, there is a loan prepayment cost also, which got included under this line item in 
certain quarters. Here again, it's all bunched up under this line item called financing cost. So 
maybe some of this noise will get eliminated in the coming quarters because there are no more 
such adjustments, which are likely to come in the near future. So as the debt keeps coming down 
now from now on, you should be able to see that kind of reduction. 
Vishal: 
Okay. Sir, my last question, if I can take 1 more. Sir, regarding our other expenses and the 
employee cost, is it the same -- a substantial portion of the start-up cost is sitting in these items. 
Is the understanding right? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes, you're right. Plus, it also includes impacts of some of these power cost increases. Those 
kind of things. Yes. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So this has been elevated for last 2 quarters. So gradually, we should see some sort of 
decrease as we go ahead in the upcoming quarters as things will be absorbed from the point of 
view of the 2 plants, right? 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. So yes and no. The reason is, yes some of these start-up costs should come down going 
forward. But at the same time, as the scale goes up, it has both variable and fixed components. 
So some of the costs will also go up as the scale of operations goes up. And if you're comparing 
with the previous quarter, previous quarter also had this onetime write-off, which we took on 1 
of the EV customers. 
 
That is also part of this. So that way the previous quarter number was pretty high. But the current 
quarter number also will go -- I mean, will go up and down depending upon the scale of 
operations going up plus some of the start-up costs getting reduced. 
Vishal: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir and all the best. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinay Jain from Karma Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinay Jain: 
Very heartening to see a gradual improvement in the overseas business top line, although not 
that incremental, but a gradual steady growth coming there and the gross margins improving on 
a sequential basis. What is somewhat concerning to me is if you look at the domestic electrical, 
electronics and lighting business. So that has grown in high single-digit versus -- again, our mix 
also was favorable with almost 78% coming from 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler. 
 
So just wanted to understand what am I missing over here? So versus an industry growth versus 
our mix also being higher, why is the revenue growth slightly on the softer side? 
Arjun Jain: 
Yes. So I would say two or three different reasons, right? I think, one, if you look at the volume 
growth in the 2-wheeler industry it's largely come in ICE scooters and some 125cc and below 
vehicles where I would say naturally, we have slightly lesser presence. I think where we have 
fundamentally far more presence is in the 150cc and above. And also we have significant 
presence on EV. 
So I think as those segments continue to ramp up and our launches in those segments ramp up, 
I think that is something that -- I think that is something that we will correct. 
 
Further, I think, in this is also the passenger car -- passenger car lighting and passenger car for 
sure, I think, has been a little bit depressed in this quarter. So I would say that's really why in 
this quarter, you see that impact. But on the flip side, right, I think our polymer business given 
its pan-India presence and given significant volume presence across all segments of vehicles, I 
think you've seen that business do very well. 
Vinay Jain: 
And Tarang, sir, in the opening remarks mentioned about the price -- commodity price 
adjustments also impacting revenue to a certain extent. So -- could you maybe dwell a little bit 
more on that aspect? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. So these are some of the normal adjustments or price changes which keep happening in this 
industry, as you know. So this is again a transitory phase. So it should get corrected in the outer 
quarters. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Tarang Jain: 
Nothing very special or significant or something. And I think we will see really a lot of 
improvements from Q2 onwards. 
Vinay Jain: 
And lastly, on -- coming to the PV segment, again, if you see 4-wheeler and others on a year-
on-year basis, the degrowth seems to be quite sharp. So have we lost any business? So what is 
it pertaining to? Because if I see on a year-on-year basis, there is a drop of almost 19% coming 
on from the 4-wheeler and other business segment? 
Arjun Jain: 
Yes. So again, I think there are -- again, there are multiple topics at play. I think one in our 
overseas market also, I think there was definitely an element of -- significant element of sales 
into 4-wheeler and then further, I would say, I think a lot of the growth that we've experienced -
- a lot of the growth that we experienced year-over-year has really come more from 2-wheelers. 
Tarang Jain: 
Basically, the degrowth was largely more, I think, in our foreign operations, not in the domestic 
operations, where it comes to passenger cars. 
Vinay Jain: 
But just to better my understanding. So for the overseas, IMES would be largely contributing to 
this 4-wheeler segment, right? 
Management: 
IMES is a non-auto segment. The overall export.... 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. It would be in the 4-wheeler and others. 
Management: 
IMES at the electronic part which we have in Romania.  
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Largely, it is this IMES facility and also our electronics plant in Romania where we have seen 
this kind of a degrowth. 
Vinay Jain: 
Understood. Got it. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, my question is on the debt reduction side as we have reducing debt from last 2, 3 quarters, 
but if I see, it's not significant, we are doing in the range of 6% to 7%. So can I get some visibility 
on that side when we are going to reduce significant. 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Sorry, I didn't get your question. What is the 6% to 7%. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Debt reduction that we've done. 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. So interest cost, how I explained in the earlier part of this call, we should not compare this 
directly with the Q4 number because Q4 number also includes a onetime adjustment between 
interest cost and the other rental costs and other items. So if you eliminate it, there is actually -- 
there was actually INR3 crores reduction between the 2 quarters. So as we continue to reduce 
debt in the coming quarters, this should actually give more improvement. 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, my question is basically focused on the debt reduction side, like how much we are expecting 
further reduction. 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. So if you really see -- you might have seen what we reduced in the last 3, 4 quarters. So on 
the average, anywhere between INR50 crores to INR60 crores reduction per quarter has been 
the trend. So we should be able to continue this. Except that in between, we may have to invest 
some amount in terms of buying some additional land for our future growth. But otherwise, this 
should be the norm going forward. 
Jyoti Singh: 
So we are -- I mean we don't -- we cannot expect significant, but it will be in this range only? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Yes. I mean, obviously, it has to come from free cash flow only. So -- so that's the kind of free 
cash flow generation anyway, which is what's going to happen going forward. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, another question on the PV content increase. So if you can shed some light on 
the exact quantum, how much we have increased? 
Arjun Jain: 
See, it's difficult to put -- I mean, it's difficult to put, how I say it, a number on it per se, right? 
Because the range can be extremely, extremely significant. Of course, I think with -- I mean, 
offline, I think Vikash can definitely drive some more color for you. But I mean, practically, you 
could -- you could have lighting, which is that you could have a full set for INR15,000, you 
could have a full set of INR50,000 also, right? 
 
So -- in terms of -- similarly, I think even on the polymer, right, based on the level of finish 
requirement, based on what is the touch and field expectation, whether for interior plastics, 
sometimes they maybe for exterior plastic, you can have a very wide range of that number it 
really depends on customer to customer requirement. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, just last question on the customer side. Like still Bajaj is contributing 45% of the 
revenue. So when we are targeting like other player in the industry that we can also then kind of 
that 15% from each customer. So when we can expect that? 
Arjun Jain: 
Firstly, there is no stated desire to be at 15% from each customer. I think really the customer 
mix or even the segment mix, the derivative number based on what is the business that -- what 
are the businesses we have won, right? So I wouldn't say there is a strategy or a desire to reduce 
the share of Bajaj per se in some way. 
 
Having said that, of course, today -- today in two-wheeler, we address and we supply to every 
customer in the market, every relevant customer in the market. So those touch points already 
exist. And I think if you see the order book also, I think the order book is definitely skewed a 
little bit -- the order book is skewed a little bit away from Bajaj. Further on passenger car as 
well, right? Today, if we look at the range of customers we have on passenger car, it is quite 
comprehensive right. We addressed Mahindra, we addressed Tata, VW, Renault, Nissan and 
then we have for the commercial vehicle -- MG Motors and then we have for the commercial 
vehicle customers also, right? 

 
 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Tarang Jain: 
So I mean, so as we move around, you will see that this not that we do not value the business of 
Bajaj Auto and that will keep growing. But yes, this percentage will probably keep coming down 
as we go forward. It's just that, okay, at present, I mean, it is at a higher percentage, but our 
efforts are on to win business from every single customer. So -- and that is also happening. And 
we've also won last year, substantial business from others and Bajaj Auto. So those will all come 
into play in this year and the coming years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal from Svan Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: 
Can you -- I missed the point where you explained that 4-wheeler segment the business has seen 
some declines. So Y-o-Y, if you see 4-wheeler and other segments I have seen some around 
18%, 19% decline. So is it because of losing market share or some models which were being 
awarded to has not picked up? Or can you throw some light what happened there? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
No. So like how Arjun explained earlier, this 4-wheeler segment includes the overseas business 
also, which witnessed significant degrowth as we explained earlier. So it's a combination of both. 
Tarang Jain: 
So the significant decline happened actually in 2 of our plants abroad, 1 is EMIS and the other 
was in our Romania Electronics plant, where we saw a substantial decline in the volumes 
because of the situation in Europe. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So can you throw some light in terms of domestic business, has it grown Y-o-Y and Q-
on-Q? Or what is the status there for 4-wheeler business? 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
4-wheeler business overall has remained muted only, not grown, not degrown in the India 
business. 
Tarang Jain: 
At present. But we will see the growth happening in the coming quarters that this business will 
grow with all the business wins we have which we have had last year and year before last. 
Vishal: 
Okay. Sir, just one request and suggestion from my side, and it will benefit everybody. If you 
can give a breakup of exports between 4-wheeler and how there has been trend on a quarterly 
basis in your presentation. If you add that slide and some color on your export business as well 
that will be really value add for us. 
K. Mahendra Kumar: 
Okay fine. We'll do that. 
Vishal: 
Thank you so much. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing remarks. 
Tarang Jain: 
So thanks once again for all for joining the call and for your continuing support to our company. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
