SYMBOL: NPST 
  Date: July 29, 2024  
ISIN: INE0FFK01017  
To, 
 
The Manager-Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, NSE Building, Bandra Kurla  
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai-400 0513 
Fax: 022-26598237, 022-26598238 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the provision of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for quarter 
ended June 30, 2024. 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Network People Services Technologies Limited 
Chetna Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
CHETNA AVINASH 
CHAWLA
Digitally signed by CHETNA 
AVINASH CHAWLA 
Date: 2024.07.29 17:34:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
“Network People Services Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK CHAND THAKUR – CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
MR. ASHISH AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAINAM SAVLA – KIRIN ADVISORS 

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Network People Services Technologies 
Limited Q1 FY ‘25 Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jainam Savla from Kirin Advisors. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir.  
Jainam Savla: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the NPST Limited Quarter 1 FY 
'25 Conference Call.  
From the management team, we have Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur – Chairman and Managing 
Director and Mr. Ashish Aggarwal – Joint Managing Director.  
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Thanks, Jainam. Welcome everyone. This is Deepak. I represent my 350 crazy guys sitting in 
NPST, working day in and out and delivering the results. This is that time when exactly we get 
time to spend constructive time with shareholders where we take feedback, we understand what 
exactly to be done next and how well aligned we are with the industry. Thank you so much for 
joining guys. Really looking forward to have a great conversation.  
What I will do, I will quickly give you a small background about the Company, what exactly we 
are doing, what we have done in the last quarter, give you a breakup of the results and then we 
can go into FAQ. Ashish is with me, he will also assist me on all the numbers and all the 
questions around the P&L, balance sheet, whatever you want to understand around the quarterly 
results.  
So, guys, like you are well aware now, it is what seventh or eighth quarter we are doing this 
quarterly call. We have been consistently trying to educate our people because the intent was to 
give more and more clarity around payment technology. We being one of the first in the industry 
to get listed, we always knew that it would have been a difficult task for people to understand 
how the payment works, what kind of technology we are working on and how exactly the 
organization would grow.  
So, over the quarters, I believe with this consistent effort, all our shareholders and analysts are 
well aware what exactly we are doing. But for everyone who has joined for right now, I mean, 
for the first time, we have two major verticals on which we are working.  

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 3 of 21 
One is where we bridge the central engine with the bank where the interoperable payments can 
be connected like UPI, IMPS, mobile banking, online dispute resolution, merchant acquiring. 
Wherever you need a technology partner to upgrade your digital payment solution and market 
and also go aggressive in the industry, this is about banks and the regulated entities, NPST 
intends to be one of the top most service providers in the segment. Here we provide the 
technology. We own the IP. We provide the solution. We provide the product and services over 
the UPI, IMPS and all the products which I mentioned.  
On the other hand, one of the reasons why we went to IPO was to set up a payment platform 
wherein how do we take the solution to market and how do we empower fintech and the other 
entities who would require payment as a service. So, we developed two platforms. One was 
Evok, which is payment platform as a service for the online payments. Second is Qynx payment 
platform as a service. This is a solution which today fintech and the payment aggregators, 
payment gateway, they can ride on and utilize it with much higher capacity to deliver and 
integrated services right from digital onboarding to reconciliation to dispute resolution, customer 
management, everything as a single stack. Now this is what bridges the fintech and the banking 
world. Now that's where we divide our vertical into two.  
Over last quarter what we have done is thanks to all your blessings. Now NPST is one of the 
1,000 top listed companies in India. But along, like it is always said, with greater power comes 
greater responsibility, we have to now get into compliances around risk management, business 
responsibility and sustainability reports.  
So, there are a lot of efforts around how this organization would behave as one of the top 1,000 
companies. The Company is geared. I think we have already taken up this in our Board meeting 
and we have committed to ensure that new efforts around being there is what we are working on 
and as you know that the Company is already gearing up for the main board. So, this is something 
that's very important for us.  
Secondly, there were new products lined up for this quarter. We have been able to successfully 
complete our BBPS, which is bill aggregation product. We have been able to successfully 
complete the certification. We are going live. Q4 is when we got the order. Q1 is when we 
actually completed the certification. This quarter we will be going live with one of the big 
products that we were targeting.  
At the same time, we got two more orders around Super App from two of the RRBs, which is 
KGB and KaGB. Here it allows us to get into semi-urban and rural India and see how we can 
create a super app for this segment of population. It's a different challenge altogether, but that 
again creates a bigger opportunity for NPST.  
Then at the same time, we have ensured that we are entering into embedded payment as one of 
the first movers. At the same time, we have committed to invest and we have already started 

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 4 of 21 
doing that around infrastructure, which should be having one of the best success rate, best TPS, 
which is transaction processing capability. It should also have the best possible compliances, 
regtech, and at the same time, the security should be at the best.  
So, that's what we have been doing. We have picked this up in Q1. I always insist that NPST 
needs great leaders, and that is what we have been doing. Q4, we added leaders around marketing 
and HR, and Q1, as committed, we have two senior leaders who have joined for sales, and we 
expect this to continue in Q3 as well.  
You are already aware, we have, like I always say, if you have gone through the quarterly calls 
earlier, we don't plan only one year, but we also plan what's in it for the next three years. That's 
why we have already declared, and we are already working around the QIP so that we have much 
larger stake in payment ecosystem and at the same time, we have first mover advantage in several 
solutions right from how the payment terminal is evolving, how credit line is evolving, how 
digital rupee or international landscape is evolving. So, there's a lot in line right now for the next 
three years, so that this organization is planned for next five, six, seven years of very strong 
fundamental values.  
Well, that's about us. It's about getting into the numbers now. Great efforts by my entire team. 
Again, a lot of credit to those 350 people sitting in my organization. Like at the beginning of the 
call I said they are crazy, working day in and out and this number is only going to increase. We 
already have more leadership positions lined up. We have more better department plan. We have 
culture upliftment in the organization.  
We also have a lot of value driven approach taken right now. This year is all about those 
transformations. So, we believe that the organization, of course, has a great capability around 
what business can be picked up, but it is very important how we establish a very strong culture 
and how we create a value driven organization.  
With that in intent, let me tell you the numbers although you have seen, we have seen a year-on-
year growth of 141% from about 44 crore last quarter, which is Q4 FY '24 to about 60 crore this 
quarter. Trust me, probably I think we underestimated the overall number that could be achieved, 
but yes, that's really a great number.  
EBITDA has again risen by about 180% from, Ashish, just correct me, it is about 22 crore as 
against 15 crore quarter-on-quarter. Oh, I am so sorry. I think I mixed the number. So, from 24 
crore to about 60 crore from Q1 FY '24 to Q1 FY '25 year-on-year growth has been about 141%, 
but at the same time EBITDA has risen from about 7.8 crore to about 22 crore, which is again 
year-on-year growth of 180%, but when you see quarter-on-quarter, still we see 34% growth 
from Q4 last year to Q1 this year from about 44 crore to about 60 crore and which is again an 
increase of about 503 bps in the EBITDA percentage growth year-on-year as against Q-o-Q 
growth of about 255 bps.  

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 5 of 21 
Net profit has risen from 5 crore last year quarter 1 to about 15 crore quarter 1 this year and if 
you compare quarter-on-quarter growth, it has grown from 10 to 15 crore. Again, I see a great 
jump.  
At the same time, when it comes to EPS, which, of course, everyone are interested in, we have 
grown from about Rs. 5.17 to about Rs. 8.06 is quarter-on-quarter, but quarter 1 last year, it was 
Rs. 7.98. When we apply the effect of bonus issue resulting into increase in share capital, the 
EPS is diluted to 2.67 per share. So, I see a great jump when it comes to 8.06, which is right 
now. 
So, that's the number, guys, that as you know I would like to spend more time answering 
questions. So, that's all from my side. Let's see what's in from the shareholders.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analyst Advisor LLP. Please go ahead, sir. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Good afternoon sir and congrats for a good set of numbers. I am actually new to the Company. 
So, I wish to understand from you a little bit more about the opportunities here for our existing 
segments like Super App, Qynx, Evok that you mentioned in your opening commentary. So, 
who are the typical adopters of these? And how big this market is? And who are our direct 
competitors in these segments? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
See, try and understand that BFSI segment payment technology, so we are a part of a fintech 
ecosystem within which there is wealth tech, there is PayTech and there are several other subsets. 
In payment technology is like a horizontal across ecosystem. So, you have banking where you 
need core solution, and they are the regulated entities who deliver various services on which 
fintech ride.  
In this particular ecosystem, we play a role of a technology partner to bank to give them the 
digital payment platform. Majorly we work on the interoperable payments. So, we work on the 
processing engine, which is core to the processing of transactions. So, banks are the ones who 
usually are eligible. In fact, we develop the solution for banks and PPI and those who are the 
regulated entities in the list of RBI. 
Second, when it comes to Qynx, Evok, the question you asked, what we see that although you 
have the payment in bank, but at the same time there are a lot of business cases in market which 
is solved by Fintech and when it comes to understanding how the Fintech operates, how the 
business is required, let's say the best example is payment aggregator. So, when you want to 
empower a payment aggregator, simply giving a bank API may not solve the problem.  
You need to have a very strong ecosystem right from what is the performance, what is the success 
rate, how do you take the ownership around it, what kind of compliance is to be followed in 

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 6 of 21 
order to do that, and then comes the post transaction effort, which is around the digital 
onboarding process, automation around it so that the cost can be saved, then at the same time 
the reconciliation, at the same time dispute resolution all of this taken together becomes a single 
package which goes to the payment aggregator.  
So, these are our target audience, and the solution is divided based on the requirement of banks 
and the Fintech. Our competitor, of course, you can take the list from the site as well. You have 
Mindgate and you have Olive, you have Sarvatra. I mean, you don't have a Fintech, I mean, you 
don't have a Company who is listed heavily. I think majorly top five, six, these are the companies 
you can find out. Kia is also one when it comes to being a technology partner to bank.  
When it comes to payment platform-as-a-service, which I mentioned, we don't see a direct 
competition as such, but for sure in bits and pieces because we have built a complete integrated 
ecosystem. You don't need multiple vendors. You don't need multiple service providers. You 
just need one single entity who can deliver everything to you and that's us. So, I see in a breakup 
you will have multiple players, but as an integrated product, I don't see the competitor as such.  
CA Garvit Goyal: 
So, what is exactly happening in the end industry, like what is driving this significant growth for 
our Company, like for last two to three years? Like, what is making a different from the name 
of the company that you mentioned?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
You just look at the industry stats. I mean, digital payments, just two years back, what was the 
volume of UPI in this India versus what is it right now? We are currently sitting at a 14 billion 
transactions a month. When that's the volume, there is a need for technology, there is a need for 
better solutions. There are multiple new use cases which gets launched. There are new and new 
products demand from the industry. So, I see that India is at such a cusp wherein when you apply 
the payment requirement of this country, you will come to know it is well aligned with the India 
story. So, digital payment industry itself is a great push. 
Secondly, last four years, we anticipated something. We started working on this platform, which 
probably others didn't do. So, we are the one who is cross available in the ecosystem. So, for us, 
our dependency is not just into one vertical. We have diversified that into multiple and the next 
step is to diversify this further so that the fundamental growth is much stronger.  
Now when it comes to the growth factor, I think you just pull out the reports around UPI growth, 
you pull out the growth around how India is being looked at from the international perspective 
around payments. I think it's there and at the same time, when I say 14 billion transactions a 
month, that's not where it is going to stop.  
The number around 30 billion, a billion transactions a day is already planned. It's already worked 
out. There are strategies around it. And then beyond 30 billion transactions a month, it's not 
going to stop. It will further continue. How do we go to 100 billion transactions a month? And 

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 7 of 21 
when that happens, the demand increases, the ecosystem improves. All of this gives us an 
opportunity in various products and services that we are delivering.  
CA Garvit Goyal: 
And sir, can you please also highlight a bit on like new initiatives that you also mentioned in the 
opening commentary as well that we are taking on. So, what are the adopters of these new 
initiatives and how big the opportunities do you look at?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, we have already taken a step of so we have committed that we should be continuously 
investing into newer processing engines and newer segments. We are not an app-based 
Company. We are not a web-based Company. We are not into a simple interface product. We 
believe in creating an IP and we believe in creating solution that becomes a core to the processing 
of the payments and that's where we launched BBPS. So, what will happen is the biller 
aggregation will happen over our platform. So, there are several companies who have been with 
us. We ventured into it. That's something new that we got into certified. It's going live.  
When it comes to super app, the shape was majorly for a specific audience. But the moment we 
take it to RRB, the shape of super app will change. It will create new opportunities. Then at the 
same time, when it comes to API, we have API around payment collection.  
But at the same time, we are also looking at how do we deliver the pay out? How do we as a 
technology on which banks can ride? Then at the same time, how do we deliver the autopay, 
wherein you have something like e-NACH? AutoPay can bring in more solution for 
subscription-based business and use cases in market. So, these are all an opportunity around 
what we are already doing. So, that's how we look at it. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
And just last question on your growth guidance, sir, for FY '25. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I have already given that. There is no change in growth guidance. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Is it for this year only or is it for next few years?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
No, I have given one year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from PKD Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
So, first, just a couple of housekeeping questions that I ask every time. What was the GMV and 
the TSP versus TPAP split?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
This time the split has changed. So, TSP is about 20% and PPAS is about 80%. GMV, Ashish, 
can you share that number? 

Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
Page 8 of 21 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
It's somewhere about the, congratulations, guys. We have touched, we have closed the GMV of 
somewhere about 10,000 crores in a quarter.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
Great to hear. So, one of the things that over the last two quarters that is clear to see is that our 
rate of GMV and market share of, in fact, market share, not just the market growing, but market 
share of ours is growing in the UPI transaction volumes. So, wanting to understand what has 
clicked? How is this happening? Is it certain of our customers have started expanding really 
quickly or have we added a lot more new customers? What is working for us?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Parikshit, it's all cumulative impact of last one year, in fact. You see, if I told, if you remember 
what I said earlier also that as and when you keep on, so we believe in last annual report also we 
shared, we believe in horizontal and vertical strategy, both. So, you keep on adding new products 
and services so that your revenue per customer increases and then at the same time, you keep on 
adding new clients and that is what has been the approach forever.  
So, what has happened is it is now giving a cumulative impact over quarters. So, this quarter, 
obviously, whatever customers we added, maybe in Q3 or Q4, maybe last six months, the 
confidence level, the service addition, all that has boosted them to do more transactions. And at 
the same time, like I said, when it comes to banks, last financial year, we ended with just about 
seven banks, last to last. This financial year, we ended with 14 banks.  
Now, as and when it goes further, it only increases the potential of revenue that we are adding 
from banks as well. Now, the opportunity from the same bank also increases. Like Kerala 
Gramin Bank and Karnataka Gramin Bank, they were purely on UPI. Then we added IMPS, 
mobile banking. From the same bank now, we have the super app also coming up. Then we have 
BBPS also coming up. This is further increasing our ability to target bigger business in market.  
So, even when it comes to tendering process, you see we having about 100 crore P&L allows us 
to go stronger in the process and present that we are a much stronger and capable organization 
right now to deliver the service to the larger entities. So, all of this has an impact. So, it's not the 
rocket science. It's just that the strategy probably we adopted March 2023, has a cumulative 
impact.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
So I was actually thinking and maybe that was part of your answer, that the new payout and 
AutoPay APIs that we have launched, I think they are commercialized now, right?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Not yet. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Not yet. Okay. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Not yet. Not yet. So, that the transition has been done, okay. We have completed. But what we 
want to do is, like I said last time also, we are going slightly slow in setting up very strong 
operational and compliance process. So, although it is there, we have transacted, but we are not 

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
pushing heavy to our customers that you have to we also have payout, why don't you start using 
it?  
 
We have multiple merchants who have transacted, but we have not put this on a very strong 
production effort and the target around payout and AutoPay to our sales team is also for Q2, 
although to initiate monetization, but for sure Q3 and these are all part of our launches in Global 
Fintech Fest. So, it will go heavy post GFF.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
In terms of you said that you ended FY '24 with 14 banks. In this quarter, have you added any 
more banks, accounts, I mean? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I think we should wait for the Q2 calls.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
No worries. Fair enough. I just wanted to check now two last questions. One is your guidance. I 
know you have given a 75% guidance and I know you have given it to under promise over 
deliver, but if I assume that even now quarter-on-quarter, your growth is zero, you will still 
overshoot your guidance. Any comment on that?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, the thing is now we are actually questioning certain numbers in Board meetings, and we are 
actually trying to, at the CXO meeting also, we are continuously discussing on what further, 
what next, because Q1 has been amazing for the Company and the pressure of guidance is also 
now going down, but this does not mean that we have to sit idle. So, I don't think I will change 
any guidance right now, but for sure, whatever you have calculated, it's there. I mean, it's right 
there and it's not going to be zero for sure. So, we are yet to arrive at it, but we don't want to 
revise anything at least until we have the half yearly numbers. So, it's going good. We are going 
strong, but we don't want to overcome it right now.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
The last question that I had was on credit line, and I know we are nowhere there, but that's one 
of the opportunities that you mentioned. I was reading upon it, and it seems like it's been there 
for a while, but the uptake has not happened. The ecosystem or basically, the players have not 
really pushed this product. Do you see that changing? How do you see this space evolving right 
now?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
See, credit line always existed. However, credit lines adoption in UPI never started, but it has 
lot of policy level impacts. The moment there is credit, then you know how NPCI foresees the 
interoperability in the ecosystem. That is something that is still coming out. So, credit line is part 
of our product portfolio and it's very right up there along with digital currency. However, we 
need to see stronger use cases. We need to see how banks pursue this and how many banks are 
opening up to this idea, how well they are taking it up.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
So, I believe that it's not the technology challenge. The challenge is about how it will be 
executed. So, it is still, I mean, journey is still far. It's not adopted, and it will still take time. 
According to me another six months is what we should be looking up to it.  
Parikshit Kabra: 
Last thing, I just want to leave a comment. The latest NPCI data has removed Cosmos Bank. I 
would request you to get them to correct that as soon as possible. That's a very good indicator 
for us investors sitting on the sidelines.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Absolutely. I will cross check because I think two days back Ashish called me and he said that 
I can't see it. I also saw. I said, frankly, I have no idea how this works internally, but I also saw 
another change wherein when you go to PSP, you will see that the star was highlighted around 
all, certain PSPs and when you go there, you will realize that they have bifurcated it into TPAP 
and bank PSP. Now, that wasn't there in the earlier month. So, probably there has been some 
change and around that they are keeping this number. So, we will go back, and we will see what 
is it, but for sure I am seeing change in multiple data.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prateek Chaudhary from Saamarthya Capital. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
So, you mentioned about in today's call as well as in the EGM, which happened a few weeks 
back, one, you mentioned about embedded payments and second, you mentioned about AI, some 
AI product for the financial sector. Can you please talk about these two products in more detail? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, it's, I hope you can link this to the budget which has come now. There is a good mention of 
5G and when there is 5G, for sure it amplifies the impact on the IoT use cases, okay. And when 
that happens, for sure there is an infra now, there is a platform now on which payments can ride.  
 
So, earlier the payments was just a software driven approach. Now that we have great boost 
coming in around the infra being available, see, it's like that era when India was moving from 
3G to 4G, it paved the way for faster internet, better performance, building new applications, 
and great demand coming in from the apps and ultimately boosting the demand for payment 
because payment is a horizontal across all.  
 
I see that 5G, IoT further creates a use case for embedded payments. So, that's in our radar, and 
that's part of our core strategy. So, it's there along with digital rupee, along with credit line. That's 
more of a product stack, but when it comes to embedded payment, it's more about technology 
stacks.  
 
So, for sure the use cases will multiply, but it's way too early to talk about it, but the moment 
you start learning about IoT, let's say today you have a watch, okay. How do we bring UPI 
payment in a watch? So, that kind of question can be answered in the embedded payment. That's 
one. Which was the second question you asked me? So, sorry. 

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
AI product. Artificial intelligence.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, now we also need to understand that if the Company or I would say that those who are 
forward-looking, in order to solve the problem around fraud, around suspicion, around business, 
around growth, around whatever business cases we have, AI is not something that is just an add-
on flavor. AI is something that will go deep down inside and ensure that all these requirements 
are solved. So, we are adopting AI as part of our product stack. So, over a period of two years, 
three years down the line, every single product that we have, it will have an AI tech inside it.  
 
So, whenever we talk about data, we talk about business intelligence. A step beyond business 
intelligence is artificial intelligence. So, can we get into predictive analytics? Can we give that 
stack to banks, wherein the focus around the data that has been generated, the system which has 
been created, they can actually start working around it? So, AI is going to be, I would say, a 
module or a component as part of all our products, and not just future, but even the current one. 
That's how we foresee.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And the tie-up with the SMB bank, that is also slated to happen with the GFF, right?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
SBM.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Sorry, SBM.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, so we have completed the certification. We are in the last stage of go live right now. This 
is just those parts where the tech, ops, everything is established. Those audits and all, those are 
the points which are left. So, for sure, we are good for GFF.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And how's our international foray progressing as of now?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, I always say it's at least one year down the line. FY '25 is when you should start looking at 
it. We are working very closely with our partners. We have identified partners. We have started 
working with them. We have started presenting what kind of capability Indian Company has. 
So, that has started. So, I see, whatever I have said earlier, no change. It will be FY '25 and you 
can see the Company transforming into international. Yes.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
We are already in FY '25, sir.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, sorry. Change it to FY '26.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And in the EGM remarks, you mentioned that we have bidded for a couple of tenders where the 
size is larger than our current Company, something like that.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes. We are doing that. It is part and parcel of my sales team regular. It will take time. I mean, 
to have that win, to have that break, it will take some time.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Any vision statements, sir, for the three years that you have been speaking about, the next three 
years?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, so there was this value driven, which I was talking about earlier. Basically, what we have 
done is, we have brought all our leaders, all our senior guys and the managers into one session 
and we conducted this session to how do we create that value and the culture in the organization 
so that we become one of the most respected payment technology coming out of India. I think 
you can take it from there.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And sir, one last question, again, coming from the EGM remarks. You said that your market 
share will potentially increase from 0.5% to 5%. That's what you are targeting.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That remains.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
So, can this happen over the next four to five years? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That's our three years' vision.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Oh! wow.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That's part of our vision statement, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rupesh from Intelsense Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Rupesh: 
My first question actually is related to budget. Yesterday, I think in the past, the government 
used to allocate this incentive for promoting digital payments, and I think that number used to 
be something like 3,500 crores. And yesterday, I mean, I am still figuring out, but my 
understanding is that budget was either significantly slashed or it's not there from this year. So, 
does that impact our business in any way?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I don't think so. But see, it has come out yesterday. We need to get into much more detailing into 
it. For sure, there is, I don't see the impact because the demand is very high. The fundamentals 
of India's digital payment and when it comes to, so link it to all the growth, which is associated 
across various segments, the apps those are getting launched in India, the solutions which are 
getting launched in India, more and more products, more and more ideas getting online, 
everything has a demand on payments.  
 
So, that's where I don't see the impact coming in. And at the same time, the moment we say 
going from 14 billion to 30 billion transaction kind of load that a processing engine has, it 
demands the upscale in technology. There again, the funds are required. There again, 
investments are required.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
We being a technology Company, we have the advantage of investments in technology, which 
ultimately everyone will have to do to scale the performance and the number and the demand 
which is coming from the industry and at the same time, the platform demand coming from the 
businesses which are setting, getting either scale the existing one or the new one coming in. So, 
there I see fundamentally it still remains as is. When it comes to the number which has come out 
in that budget, we are yet to get into it. We have not dwelled into it.  
Rupesh: 
So, one clarification. So, I am not clear if there is a MDR on UPI transaction above Rs. 2,000. I 
don't know if that's in force, but assuming that it is not, at least my thinking is that whatever this 
budget outlay is for digital incentives, that is a significant part of how the banks and technology 
players in the industry make money. So, is that not a correct understanding?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That is one of the...  
Rupesh: 
And there is no MDR, right? There is no MDR.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Absolutely. There is no MDR.  
Rupesh: 
So, then how, I thought that was the primary money from where the players in the ecosystem 
make money.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
No. See, you just understand this thought process very clearly. In order to operate your business 
around and you need a payment, what do you need? See, we are not an aggregator, right? We 
are not a payment aggregator. In order for someone to deliver payment solution, they need 
multiple vendors in the ecosystem.  
 
Right from digital onboarding, there is one who is an expert around it. The other one is purely 
an expert in recon. The third one has the operation capability. The fourth one has the capability 
around customer service, where there are several ecosystems. What we have done is we are 
binding all the ecosystem and there is a cost associated with it. You can't do away with that cost.  
 
So, for sure, what you mentioned is one of the component of income in this particular piece. But 
the cost of the platform and the cost of technology, the cost of services, that you cannot take 
away. There will definitely be something associated with the incentives so that MDR can be kept 
zero. That we cannot take away. That will definitely be there. But the services delivered in the 
platform made available, there is something we generate revenue. And yes, we provide software 
on a license model. We provide software on a SaaS model. We have revenue coming in right 
from change requests to AMCs. So, all that adds to the revenue source.  
Rupesh: 
Sorry to hop on this, but one final question then, if assuming that there is no outlay for digital 
incentives, do you see any pressure on your realization in the payment-as-a-service piece?  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I don't see demand going down for this because you can't survive without the platform. That's 
the requirement.  
Rupesh: 
I am asking per transaction realization. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Per transaction realization? Yes, there will be the per transaction revenue that we have right now, 
that will definitely get impacted if at all there is no outlay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Srinivasu from TIA. Please go ahead, sir.  
Srinivasu: 
Sir, my question is about, can you give me a little light on the product that you are developing, 
UPI offline that is small payment without any internet connection? And also, are you working 
on UPI tap and pay that is contactless payment at NSP to enable PoE solutions? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, offline payment is something which is a combination of software and hardware together. So, 
it requires a very different mindset than a simple API that we deliver. So, one, we just cannot 
give a software to generate a QR. That's again, like I always say, you have to focus on the entire 
value chain and have the integrated piece. So, that's why we have separate approach for Evok 
and separate approach for Qynx.  
 
In offline payment, we have software where the QR can be generated and at the same time, the 
software has to be compliant as per the banking policy. There should be a complete process right 
from maker, checker, officer, and approval, all of that basis which the account can be linked, the 
QR can be generated. But next what? What about the static QR, dynamic QR, the standee, the 
digital QR, print, Soundbox? When it comes to Soundbox , the SDK inside the Soundbox .  
 
Soundbox is nothing but it operates like a mobile phone. So, then it requires a SIM card. Then 
this has to be connected to a certain system so that the text can be sent, and it can be converted 
to voice and the merchant comes to know that payment has been done. And when that happens 
the reconciliation around the mobile app, sorry, around the transactions which is delivered over 
the mobile app to the customer. So, once that is done and the dispute is raised, then how that 
dispute can be solved by between the merchant and the customer and how bank is empowered 
to do so.  
 
So, there is a whole gamut of service involved in delivering this offline payment. So, that is what 
we have achieved so far. And interestingly, we have about you know five, six banks right now 
where we have the solution going in. That's why we see a great potential coming in from the 
terminal business in payments. So, that's one.  
 
Second is your tap and pay. So, tap and pay is part of our Go Live for GFF. So, we have almost 
achieved it. We are at the closure. So, that will be delivered to our customers.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Srinivasu: 
The next question I have is internationally our UPI payment architecture got recognition and 
there is an increasingly looking for transition, basically transition from card-based payments to 
account-based payments using the real-time payments. So, there is a demand for modernizing 
the central architecture. So, I know NPST is working on TSP and payment. Are we also looking 
into this central infrastructure opportunity? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
We are looking at it very strongly, but it's more than technology, it is the ecosystem that we need 
to solve, we need to understand. Let us understand, 2016 when UPI came, and we are in '24 and 
then we have a tremendously evolved ecosystem. When you go to multiple countries, each 
country has their own challenges. They have their own solution, which is already live. The banks 
have already invested into certain technology, certain platform. So, how that piece will be taken 
care? How deep the solution will be integrated? And how well it will be adopted?  
 
So, we see UPI as a great platform which has brought in transformation. But is it the case in 
those countries where it is going? So, that is why I am saying it is way too immature to right 
now talk about the numbers or I know you have not asked the number, but I keep getting this 
question. So, it is way too early for us to right now talk about how quickly international business 
will contribute to NPST or the industry which is delivering this kind of solution for India and 
abroad.  
 
What we are supposed to see is closely keep looking at the opportunity coming in from multiple 
countries, see what kind of technology help or technology support is required. How do we 
become the proponent of this particular platform in those countries? How do we establish 
ourselves as a thought leader in this segment so that when you go, you talk, you deliver, people 
actually take that importance. 
 
So, that is something that needs to be created and I think India is in that phase right now. So, 
once this is done, the ecosystem is well established. Every country's challenges and every 
country's requirement is understood. Then it is simply taking technology and the product and 
increasing the P&U.  
Srinivasu: 
And my last question is your initial remarks, you mentioned about the new product called 
Embedded Finance, right? When you say embedded finance, is it a lending product like buy 
now, pay later, BNPL kind of thing or are you saying insurance or InsurTech or B2B lending?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I think I touched the topic way too early. So, yes, it is nothing like that. So, what you are referring 
to is various segments like when you say BNPL, it's a credit segment. When you are talking 
about some other products, these are various segments. What we are talking about is how do we 
embed payment into various platforms? This platform is not just mobile app. It can be various 
other devices. Then this device has the ability to communicate over the Internet. Then is there a 
possibility to bring payment over it?  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
The best example right now for everyone to understand is a watch. So, can I just tap my watch 
and travel in a metro? So, that's called embedded payment. So, we have embedded the payment 
in the watch. So, that's what I mean. So, there are certain use cases, which will keep coming.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rujuta from ARG Securities. Please go ahead, 
ma'am. 
Rujuta: 
I just wanted to understand what the current TAM is? And also, are there any plans of going 
from retail-based business to wholesale? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
There are a lot of discussion around B2B payments in UPI and there has been a discussion around 
B2B service driven approach in BBPS. So, I believe the industry itself will take us to the 
wholesale segment. So, as and when this progresses, we will keep investing into building the 
stack around it, and when that happens so, because we have always believed that our capability 
is to build a greater technology and better platform and support this kind of solution. So, for that 
obviously is a very easy decision for us to get into when it comes to wholesale payment. What 
was your other question?  
Rujuta: 
What is your current addressable TAM and where do you see that growing?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
If I restrict it to certain product, I think, see, I don't have very specific number right now. But I 
can actually guide you on that. UPI growth is about 300% is what we see in coming 24 months. 
So, that's the industry growth we expect. At the same time, when it comes to adding new use 
cases in the merchant payments P2M, I believe that we can add another 100 odd. So, we see that 
the growth can be 3x to 4x in next 3 years odd. So, that's what I see right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anurag Agrawal, Agrawal Analyst Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anurag Agrawal: 
I had a follow-up question on a previous participant's question. Like, if there is no incentives by 
the government on digital payment in this budget, you mentioned that the realization per 
transaction will go down.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes. 
Anurag Agrawal: 
And I just wanted to understand what the quantum of could be that? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
What could be the quantum of that? 
Anurag Agrawal: 
Yes. If the incentives are not there, how much could the realization be affected? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
See, Anurag, I will be very careful in again breaking this up because I know there are people 
who wrongly compute it. As and when the volume increases, it adds up to the revenue associated 

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
with the SaaS platform. So, if we take as a whole, I wouldn't say that we have the right number 
right now. But if you take it as one of the components, then for only one specific component, 
then for sure it will have an impact maybe, I don't know, maybe 10%, 15% approximately. But 
what is the volume that gets added to take away this impact? That is something that we need to 
go back and see.  
Anurag Agrawal: 
Also sir, I just wanted to understand on the fundraising side, we are raising aggressively to 
expand, and could you just throw our roadmap to expanding to different products or 
internationally?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
You are asking specifically to internationally or the overall roadmap?  
Anurag Agrawal: 
First of all, internationally, and then overall?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
See, internationally, again, I think, I am trying to explain this again and again. Whatever size, 
shape or ecosystem that exists in multiple countries, like if you go to GCC, you may find all the 
companies almost having a similar requirement. When you go to Africa, the requirement will be 
similar. But when you go to Southeast Asia, it will differ.  
 
So, very first thing we need to understand is that we need to reshape our products. We need to 
reshape the way the solution is being anticipated and accepted by others. So, we need to 
understand that piece very well. So, that's where we need to invest, one. 
 
Secondly, how strong we are keeping the footprint in those country, what kind of partner 
relations we have, what are the local compliances basis which the Company will have to go and 
invest into it? So, those are areas where we will have to invest.  
 
So, we will have to invest into technology, reshaping the solution, identifying the market well 
and creating a stronger footprint in these areas. So, that's something I believe the organization 
will have to do and that's where we need to have an investment.  
 
And at the same time, when it comes to the total roadmap beyond international, we see, what we 
have been doing is every quarter-on-quarter, we are redoing the entire work of calculating what 
is my resource requirement versus what is the demand. So, from 180, we have gone to 300 plus 
this time, and if you see '23 to '24, we have gone from 85 odd to 180. So, even if you are scaling 
twice, we are still seeing the existing demand completely consuming the organization's ability 
to deliver.  
 
Now, that's where we realize that if we have to have more diversified portfolio, if we need to 
have much stronger use cases in market, we need to also have an inorganic approach. The 
inorganic approach can be product driven; it can be business driven, it can be account driven, it 
can be geography driven. So, for all of that we are raising the fund.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul from 36one Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Rahul: 
My first question is in terms of your revenue, what percentage of the revenue is ARR and what 
percentage of the revenue is more transaction driven kind of? That's my first question.  
 
Second question considering the scalability of the business and the scalability of the people in 
the organization, what do you see, where do you see yourself moving from SME segments to 
main segment? So, sorry, just to interrupt, the third question is, do you have any ESOPs plan in 
your mind for the employees as such? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Deepak here. So, three questions. I will pick up the smaller one first. ESOP is already there. We 
have already declared, I think last financial year, we have already announced it. It is already 
there. However, what we are trying to do further is, we are trying to further reshape it and make 
it more demographic so that whatever commitments we had earlier for those people who were 
associated with us since day one, they were brought into ESOP. So, there is an incentive which 
was given around it.  
 
Now here onwards, as and when we are bringing leaders and when we are bringing in more 
people in the organization, we want to make it more rewarding. And that's why the ESOP policy 
needs to be redone in such a way that without any intervention, it should be a free-flowing reward 
for everyone.  
 
So, to answer you, short, ESOP exists. It is just that we are redoing it again for the next three, 
four, five years, as long as possible. So, that's a part of our core policy. Can you question me on 
the other one?  
Rahul: 
The second question was, what's the break-up in terms of revenue between ARR and transaction 
driven?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Ashish, can you take that up? Can you bring it up?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
It's somewhere about 20% to 80%. 80% per transaction and 20% is other. 
Rahul: 
So, 80% is ARR and 20% is transaction driven.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, 80% is transaction.  
Rahul: 
80% is transaction.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes. 
Rahul: 
So, just a follow-up question on that line. Do you think so the ARR revenue will bring more 
stability to the revenue composition?  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Absolutely.  
Rahul: 
Do you have any focus in that term?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Absolutely. That's the reason why Ashish, you are saying something?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Nothing.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Sorry, I thought someone said. Yes, see, that's why two of the verticals strongly co-exist in the 
organization. And when we are bringing leaders, we have VP for the TSP domain, and then we 
have VP for the platform business also. At the same time, we have started creating a very 
structured team around where we have a service delivery team separate, we have product team 
separate, and then we have a platform team separate when it comes to product and technology 
as well. So, that's how we are focused into it.  
 
So, for us, both are very important. Apart from stability, we also need to understand today, my 
entire platform is because we were able to build the IP over the technology that we own, we do 
not have to pay anyone for this. Now that adds to my margin. So, whatever I invest into the 
processing engine we are building, that creates an IP, and that reduces my dependency on anyone 
else, and it allows me to build the newer use cases and the platform whatever we see is required 
in the industry. That's our belief. 
Rahul: 
My last question. Any plans to move to main segments from SME?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, we have already declared. We are working for the main board right now. See, there were 
certain criteria basis which we were to qualify, although we were expecting last year, but then 
the new rule came in to complete three years as SME. August 10th we will be completing that 
and then there was I think paid-up capital criteria and then shareholder count. So, our shareholder 
count has increased substantially. Paid-up capital once the QIB and everything is done, that will 
also be done and then we are ready to go for main board. We are already prepped up for that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analyst Advisor 
LLP. Please go ahead.  
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Sir, just a clarification on you mentioned about 3x to 4x growth in next three to four years. So, 
are you talking about the industry or the Company?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
I was expecting the question. Industry growth.  
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Industry growth is 3x to 4x, right?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That's our anticipation based on the product that we have built.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aditya, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
So, I just want to know what exactly are triggers for NPST in next one or two years. That's it. 
Because there are so many buzzwords going on. CBDC on the last call, E-Rupee on the last call 
and embedded finance in the GM, then BBPS. Although we have started working on BBPS and 
ODR, but what exactly could be the revenue contributing streams in next one to two years?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
We need to understand, Aditya, that there is always a peak for a particular product or solution, 
and then there is always a growth and then there is always a maturity curve. So, that is standard 
for everything that we build, if we apply that how we have learnt in our MBA school. We believe 
that we cannot stop anywhere when we start building a solution.  
 
So, far if you ask me triggers right now, every single product that we are building and every 
segment that we are trying to enter, we believe it will give a trigger and at the same time, it will 
allow us to diversify into new segment. As and when we move to a maturity curve for a particular 
product or a solution, the other product will take us to the growth stage. So, that's how it will 
start stabilizing or I would say fundamentally which just start picking the organization every 
now and then.  
 
So, BBPS we see is something that is going to be very basic. As soon as RBI announced that 
credit card transactions over BBPS, imagine the volume it brings in. We did not anticipate this 
trigger to come in BBPS, but being there, building that product, it allows us to be there whenever 
such opportunity comes in.  
 
Credit line, I think there was a discussion around what kind of MDR can be brought into credit 
line and the moment we start building it up, as soon as there is an interoperability in this, for 
sure it creates a great opportunity for the merchants and the aggregators with whom we are 
working right now. It's important to stay there.  
 
So far I see that trigger is present across all the products and solutions that we are working on. 
There is a possibility that certain products we may work on may not give us an ROI or may not 
give us a return. That's why we want to split our investments into multiple areas. Where it does 
not work, we need to have something else to do so. So, for right now, I think, in fact, this segment 
is so disruptive that every quarter-on-quarter, you need to re-look at what triggers will come into 
your business.  
Aditya: 
So, that is the main thing which is creating confusion more in my head. So, I will reframe my 
question. What I am trying to ask is which of the APIs are the first one to get commercialized? 
The APIs which are ready by NPST and are floated in market and revenue can come any time 
in next one quarter, two quarter, one year or one-and-a-half year, two years, whatever.  

 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
There are three focus areas. One is, how do we attract the subscription-based business? So, 
AutoPay is there. That's the trigger. Second is your… 
Aditya: 
API for AutoPay is ready, sir? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
It's tested already. We are looking more on the operationalizing it. It is part of our GFF launch.  
Aditya: 
First one is API, AutoPay, yes. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, when it comes to technology, I will always say it's there. And last quarterly call, I rectified. 
I said that we did a mistake of declaring the date way too early because we realized that tech can 
be taken care, but when it comes to ops and compliances, we now need to give more time to that 
rather than just tech. So, I believe that the operation piece will be taken care in next by August 
10th and probably Q3, we are seeing the numbers. It's already tested. It's done. Second is our 
payout API. And third is our third-party verification API over API. So, these are the products.  
Aditya: 
Payout API and third-party verification.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes.  
Aditya: 
So, what exactly we are doing in third-party verification?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
It allows you to validate before making a payment that this is the right customer.  
Aditya: 
And next, and one area of commercialization could be the State Bank of Mauritius partnership 
also, right?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
That's more from the diversification perspective and strengthening the engine further. Yes, that's 
one.  
Aditya: 
So, three focus area and one State Bank of Mauritius. That's it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to Jainam Savla for closing comments.  
Jainam Savla: 
Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of NPST Limited. If you have any query, 
you can write us at info@kirinadvisors.com. And once more, thank you to the management team 
and participants for joining the conference call. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
