Date: 20/09/2024 
To, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 
— 400051 
Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: INTERARCH 
BSE Scrip Code 544232 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call on the Un-audited Financial Results for the Q1FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” September 16, 2024 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulations 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the transcript of Earning Call held on 16th September 
2024, to discuss the un-audited financial results for the quarter ended 30th June, 2024 is available 
on the Company’s website. 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 16" September, 2024 
in 
respect of the un-audited financial results of the Company for the first quarter (Q1) ended June 30, 
2024. 
The above information is being made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.interarchbuildings.com/investor-analyst-meet.asp 
The Management was represented 
by MR. ARVIND NANDA — MANAGING DIRECTOR, and MR. 
MANISH GARG- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER. 
Discussions 
were 
based 
on 
publicly 
available 
information. 
No 
unpublished 
price 
sensitive 
information (UPSI) was discussed during the interactions. 
We request you to take the above on record and the same be treated as compliance under the 
applicable Regulations of SEBI LODR. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Interarch Building Products Limited 
ARVIND 
gz 
sarsier 
NANDA 53 
ARVIND NANDA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00149426 
INTERARCH BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Interarch Building Products Private Limited) 
Head Office : B-30, Sector 57, Noida - 201301, India. 
Tel.: +91 120 4170200, CIN: L45201DL1983PLC017029 
Registered Office: Farm No-8, Khasra No. 56/23/2, Dera Mandi Road, Mandi Village, Tehsil Mehrauli, New Delhi - 110047, India. 
info@interarchbuildings.com 
 www.interarchbuildings.com 

“Interarch Building Products Limited 
QI1FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
September 16, 2024 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 16t September 2024 will prevail. 
. 
5 AMBIT 
o 
o 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARVIND NANDA — MANAGING DIRECTOR — 
INTERARCH BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MR. MANISH GARG — CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER — 
INTERARCH BUILDING PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHRUV JAIN — AMBIT CAPITAL

Moderator: 
Dhruv Jain: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good moringand welcome to the Interarch Building Products Limited 
QIFY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. A reminder, this conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
All participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressingstar then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
T now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Thank you. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Interarch Building Products QIFY25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Arvind Nanda, Managing Director, Mr. Manish Garg, Chief Executive Officer 
and Mr. Pushpendra Bansal. Thank you. Over to you, team. 
Thank you, Dhruv. I'm ArvindNanda. I'm one of the Promoters of Interarch Building Products 
which we started 40 years ago with my partner, Gautam Suri. 
I'm a Chartered Accountant from England and Gautam is an IT engineer from Delhi. First, I 
would like to thank all of you for trusting owr company and having faith in that to invest into our 
company. We just went public and we would like to thank you for that. This is our first camings 
call. So, I just thought I'll take a minute or two to explain the pre-engineered buildings industy. 
The pre-engincered buildings industry doesn't fall into many of the categorizations that we have 
in the stock market. 
We are not really contractors or EPC or fabricators or builders. But pre-engineered buildings is 
a conceptwhere 
the customer orany industry comesto us and says, look, this is my requirement. 
And then we convert that requirement into a building or into a plant or into a process unit or 
whatever he is looking for. 
And then we bid for the whole projectas a lump sum bid. That design, engineering, production, 
making the items, delivering it to site and erecting it at site as per his requirement will be all 
done by us in one lump sum price. And that is how we get our order. 
And of course, the orders are not decided on L1 or something, but basically on your past 
relationships, past performance, your ability and capability to design, engineer, and execute that 
job. So, we are like a capital goods industry. We in Interarch call ourselves 
the capital good 
industry. We partner all these major companies in India and foreign companies coming to Indi. 
They consider 
us as a very vital capital goods partner. In the first stage, they come to us even 
before they have sometimes even finalized their land or sometimes even mac hinery. 
Everythinghas 
to bedone byus forthem tobe ableto fitin their machinery, do theirproduction, 
do their processes. So, we primarily say that we are capital goods. We are one building 
we give 
a offer for. It's at one price and then one committed date. So, we become a very vital part of their 
process. And that puts s in a totally different position in this whole categorization. 
Page 2 of 19

Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
It's a very new categorization in India. While we have a couple of listed peers, but they are not 
really totally into pre-engineered building alone. They are doinga lot of other work. Our major 
competitors are both foreign companies, which are not listed in India or abroad, but they are 
very large foreign comparies. They've come to India 20-25 years ago. Thatis primarily the pre- 
engineered building industry that we would like to focus on. 
This is the future. We are industry agnostic. We can work with any industry. We have worked 
with the client for the last 40 years on all our different products. Any new industry. Recently, 
we've been doing a lot of renewables, solar. 
We've even donea data center. We are doing lithium battery plants. Of course, our older and 
traditional customers are automobile industry, all the A-grade warehousing companies like 
Welspun, IndoSpace, and ESR. All the large funds, 
we work with them along with some other 
developers as well. Then we also have FMCG like Hindustan Levers, Marico. A lot of the 
companies that make FMCG products, we work with them on a continuous basis. Then we also 
have a lot of paint and other consumable industry, Asian Paints, Berger. 
Recently, we did five plants for Grasim, which launched the Birla Opus recently. So, among the 
newer names that we have done work for is ReNew Power, First Solar, Reliance Solar we are 
working for, as you saw in the presentation. AMPIN Solar is another company. 
Exide Battery, we did a lithium battery plant for them. Amara Raja, we recently got an order to 
do their huge plant coming up, the first phase that we have right now won. Data Center, we did 
for Ironworks a couple of years ago in Bombay. We have done residential building. We have 
done office building for Reliance. Navi Mumbai Corporate Park was substantially done by us 
many years ago. 
We have done a lot of office building, ground plus four especially. Butwe've also done high- 
rise buildings like Fortis Hospital and other process plants, which are 50-70 meters high. We 
have worked with the Birla Group, Grasim, of course, HUL, you name it, and we have worked 
with all these companics. 
So, we are in a very unique position. And going forward, because we are industry agnostic, 
we 
can really work with any futuristic industry also, which comes into India. And because of our 
past and our history, we are at a very good preference of mind of the customers and the 
consultants. 
They always call us. If there's any new car company which comes in, whether it is MG Motors, 
whetheritwas Kia, of course, the older ones like Toyota, Honda, Yamaha, we have done all of 
them. Tata Motors, we have done four plants for them in the past 20 years. Asian Paints, we 
have done four. So, we've established 
this relationship in a very strong position. And I think in 
the market, we are at a very strong position today. 
And we feel that the industry is just beginning to start because India is just taking off. Anywhere 
in the world where fast development has taken place, steel s the only way you can build fast 
And in steel, pre-engineered way is the only way you can build fast, whether pre-engineered 
Page 3 of 19

Manish Garg: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
building, pre-engineered structures, or any sort of high-rise building, residential, commercial 
future is all in steel if you want to build fast. 
Now, I'l hand it over to Mr. Manish Garg, our CEO, to give youa 
little bit more overview on 
the industry and how the things are shapingup going forward. Thank 
you very much. Thankyou 
very much for being a part of our company. 
Thank you, sir. Yes, thanks. So, just a little update, everyone. Good moming again. Mr. 
Pushpendra Bansal, our CFO, is actually on a personal leave in New Zealand. He was supposed 
to join, but he didn't get a stable phone connection. So, 
he is not on the call. Between me and 
Mr. Nanda, we will answer all the questions regarding the finance and the balance sheets and 
everything that the investors may have. So, just a little update on who is on the call. 
The pre-engineered building - so, my name is Manish. I am the CEO of the company. As an 
industry overview, the pre-engineered building industry has been experiencing steady growth 
globally, driven by the demands for faster, cost-effective, and sustainable construction solutions. 
Pre-engineered buildings are steel structures designed and fabricated in the factories under a 
controlled environment using standardized steel inventory, like the steel plates and everything. 
Each of the buildings is customized, which are then fabricated and transported to the site for 
quick assembly. This method essentially reduces construction time, minimizes waste, and 
ensures consistent quality, making it an attractive option for industries such as manufacturing, 
logistics, retail, aviation and warehousing. 
With the surge in private capex and the infra spending, the share of the organized pre-engineered 
building market players is on the rise. The pre-engineered building market in India is currenty 
valued at approximately INR195 billion in FY"24. That's INR19,500 crores and is projected to 
grow to INR340 billion, INR34,000 crores by FY'29. 
In India, organized players account for about 40% to 45% of the total PEB market, with the 
remainingshare held by small, unorganized local players. The top six organized players together 
contribute 80% to 85% of the organized sector's market. The organized sector benefits from a 
reliable track record, optimized supply chain capabilities and high-quality engineering services 
and products. 
And our extensive 
track record and established brand presence, integrated facilities for design, 
engincering manufacturing, along with expertise of projectmanagementon-site and installation 
through our set network of builders, position us to capitalize on the growth of the PEB industry. 
The key drivers of the PEB industry include rapid industrialization across India, increased 
infrastructure investments, urbanization and the need for modem large-scale facilities. 
Additionally, 
PEBs are increasingly popular insectors like e-commerceand cold storages, where 
the demand for efficient and scalable warehouses is very high. 
The industry benefits from technological advancements in design and engineering software, 
which allows for customized and complex structures that can meet specific client requirements 
while still maintaining the cost and time efficiency. 
Page 4 of 19

Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
Environment sustainability is another factor propelling the industry forward, as pre-engineered 
buildings offer energy-efficient designs, recyclable materials and a lower carbon footprint 
compared to conventional construction methods. 
In emerging economies, the PEB industry is particularly poised for growth due to ongoing 
industrial development and government initiatives, promoting infrastructure and housing 
projects. Overall, the pre-engineered building sector is evolving into a key player in modem 
construction with a focus on innovation, sustainability and scalability. 
About Interarch once again, you heard 
Mr. Nanda, we started 
40 years ago and we are -- in terms 
of installed capacity, we are the second largestin the country already. And from financial year 
2015 to financial year 2024, we executed and completed 677 pre-engineered building contracts 
and demonstratingan extensive track record in the PEB industry. We are ranked third among 
the integrated PEB players in India in terms of the PEB tumover, and have more than 30-plus 
years of experience in the PEB industry. 
Our company acts as a proxy to the private capital expenditure. That is the demand for our 
products s directly influenced by how much private enterprises are investing in new 
construction and infrastructure projects. We are the fastest-growing company 
in the organized 
space and number two overall. 
We expectto continue 
to grow 1.5 to 2x the industry growth as organized players gamer more 
share of incremental orders in the industry. And considering the inquiries, our performance and 
the pipeline, we expect that our revenues 
will grow at 10% to 15% for the current financial year, 
that is FY'25. And we also expect 
to improve our growth rate to 15% to 20% for the next year 
with sustainable EBITDA margins in the range of 9% to 10%, that is in FY'26. 
We are looking to double our revenue over the nextthree to four years, and there is additional 
capacity coming in as highlighted. We manufacture world-class engineering roofing and 
cladding systems designed to meet customer requirements. Our extensive portfolio includes our 
brand TRACDEK Hi Rib roofing and cladding systems, TRACDEK Klippon roofing and 
cladding systems and TRACDEK Standing Seam SS-2000 roofing systems. Each of these 
solutionsis engineered o provide exceptional performance anddurability, ensuring that we meet 
a wide range of needs and precision and reliability. 
TRAC is our range of metal ceilings, which we started 40 years ago. They are manufactured 
from fully recyclable materials and are pre-painted and pre-fabricated in the factory. The ceiling 
systems are friendly to handle and will not promote the growth of bacteria or fungus. TRAC 
ceilings exhibit excellent corrosion resistance. They canwithstand very high humidity, even up 
to 100% that are sustainable for use in outdoor applications also. 
We offer a state-of-the-art solution for non-industrial buildings through our innovative load- 
bearing wall framing system, which we call Interarch Light, embracinga hassle-free drywall 
construction approach. This system guarantees swift and efficient assembly, simplifying the 
construction process for our esteemed clients. 
Page 5 of 19

Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
With a focus on durability and safety, our load-bearing wall framing systems are engineered to 
be carthquake and termite -proof providing robust protection for the structure and its occupants. 
Moreover, these lightweight systems offer the flexibility of dismantling if required, providing 
adaptability for future changes or modifications. These structures can be customized according 
to the specific plans, accommodating 
varying shapes, sizes and designs to meet the exact needs 
of the customer. 
We are also strategically expanding our focus towards business to government engagement, 
aiming to tap into highly specialized sectors such as the railways. The railway sector in particular 
is witnessing massive investmentin modernization, capacity expansionand the development of 
supporting infrastructure. 
By positioning ourselves to work in this specialized field, we can leverage our expertise in pre- 
engincered buildings and infrastructure solutions to meet the unique requirements of large-scake 
governmentprojects. Ourofferings can contribute to building railway stations, freightterminaks, 
railway factories, depots and other critical infrastructure, which require cost-effective, durable 
and scalable solutions, areas where pre-engineered building technology excels. 
In terms of manufacturing facilities, we 
are significantly vertically integrated 
in 
our 
manufacturing operations with presence across the product life cycles of PEB. That is the 
estimation, engineering, design, fabrication and on-site installation, and erection of pre- 
engineered buildings. 
Post-commissioning of Phase 1 in Athivaram, Andhra Pradesh, that's our new plant, now the 
company has five state-of-the-art manufacturing plants and four fully integrated PEB plants, 
including two facilities in Sriperumbudur, Tamil Nadu and one each in Pantnagar, Uttarakhand, 
Athivaram, Andhra Pradesh, and Kichha, Uttarakhand. The newly commissioned Phase 1 in 
Athivaram plant gives us visibility of about INR150 crores of revenue per annum. 
We are the second-largest player now with an aggregate installed capacity of 161,000 metric 
tons per annum among integrated PEB players, with a market share of 6.5 % overall. Every fully 
integrated plant gives us a revenue visibility of our INR550 crores equipped with advanced 
machinery and technology. These all plants are strategically located and optimize the logistics 
and reduce delivery times. 
These manufacturing facilities combined havean installed capacity of 161,000 metric tons per 
annum now. What we call the utilizable capacity is generally approximately about 80 %-85% of 
the installed capacity, which translates into 135,500 at the moment. We have added new orders 
worth INR634 crores in this year till date. 
That is from Lst of April till Saturday, that is 14th of September, rather, taking our total order 
book to INR1,350 crores as of September 14th. During the quarter, we have received orders 
from Reliance New Energy, Ampin Solar, Beumer India, Ashok Leyland, Amarraja Infra 
Structure, etc. We boast a diverse customer base and having established long-standing 
relationships with our clients, with repeat orders constituting 81 9% of our revenue. 
Page 6 of 19

Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
Our repeat order definition is thatany customer who has bought anything from us ever since we 
started is categorized into repeat terminology and therefore our repeat customers every year 
would be and could be very different. Additionally, three out of five customer groups have been 
associated with our company for over five years. Our key customers include Grasim Industries, 
Berger Paints, Addverb Technologies, Blue Star Technologies, efc. 
Considering the critical nature of the use cases of pre-engineered buildings, customer standards, 
requirements and required service levels and the stringent requirement, considering 
the quality, 
durability, and reliability of PEB. Pre-engineered buildings does require a company to have 
long-term customer relationships which we enjoyover the last 
40 years. Ourfuture plans include 
expanding our operations into west of India, and we are looking to setup a new manufacturing 
facility in Gujarat for which the land has already been signed in Kheda, Gujarat. As a part of 
Phase 2, we broke ground in Athivaram for our Phase 2. We are looking to increase further 
capacity by 40,000 tons at that location. That will raise our overall installed capacity 
to 200,000 
tons by the first quarter of next financial year. Our other plans include upgradation of existing 
‘manufacturing facilities in Kicha, Pantnagar, and Tamil Nadu, which is partof the objects 
to be 
offered that went into IPO. 
We are focusing on providing building solutions to upcoming sectors like EV infrastructure, 
renewable energy projects, data center facilities, with a move into multi-story commercial 
residential and institutional buildings. Our strategic focus will remain on building pre- 
engincered structures rather than engaging in civil construction work. We have nothingto do 
with that. 
By concentrating on this specialized area, which Mr. Nanda highlighted, which is the most 
critical capital good for a customer, we can leverage our core expertise in design, manufacturing, 
and assembly of steel structures, which are at the heart of pre-engineered buildings. We don't 
intend to enter civil infrastructure space, as that requires a very different mindset and skill set 
Likewise, the civil infrastructure players don't wish to enter our space due to its complex 
engineering and the project size. 
These are two different verticals altogether. Hence, 
we coexist with civil infrastructure or so- 
called EPC companies rather than competing with any of them. We are currently operatingin 
the light steel building segment also and plan to expand our focus 
to the heavy steel building 
sector, which serves industries suchas sports, steel plants, fertilizers, cement, infrastructureover 
the next 1 to 1.5 years. 
We would like to give an update on the financial and operating performance. We have raised 
INR200 crores through fresh issue and net proceeds will be utilized towards 
the financial and 
capital expenditure towards settingup of the project in Ath ivaram Phase 2, which is INRS8.5 
crores. Financing the capital expenditure towards upgradation of our existing facilities in norty 
of Indiaand south of India, 
we willuse about INR19.2 crores outof that. And fundinginvestment 
in IT infrastructure, taking it to the next level with S4 HANA, will be about INR1 1.4 crores. 
And the residual is for funding 
the incremental working capital for our growth, that is INRSS 
crores. And the balance GCP, the General Corporate Purpose will be about INR55.9 crores, net 
Page 7 of 19

Moderator: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
of the offer expenses. Coming o the financial and operating performance for this quarter, just 
concluded Q1 FY'25, June ending. Despite the harsh weather and the elections during the first 
two months of the Q1 FY 25, we are pleased 
to report growth across all metrics. Revenue for 
the quarter stood at INR303 crores, that was a growth of 3.3% on a year-to-year basis for the 
same quarter. 
Business mix of end user industry is as follows. Industry contributed 62%, Infra 36%, followed 
by others at 2%. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR27 crores, with a growth of 7.4% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis compared to the last year. EBITDA margins stood at 8.9%. Profitafter 
tax for the quarter came in at INR20 crores, with a growth o 4.6% on a quarter-on-quarter basis 
last year. 
During the quarter, 
we added new orders worth INR341 crores, and we expect to execute the 
same in nextsix to nine months. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong as We remain a 
net cash company. 
And with this, 
I would like to conclude the presentation and open 
the floor for questions-and- 
answers. Thank you very much. 
Thank 
you. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia with Spark PMS. Please go ahead. 
Yes. 
A couple of questions from my end. Youknow, assuming current steel prices what will be 
the maximum turnover possible with, 2 lakh capacity coming on stream. And, given the lump 
sum pricing, how do we ensure our spreads or margins, remain in a range or are intact? Because, 
basic steel would remain pretty volatile. 
So how do we ensure, predictability in our margins and spreads? That's the first question. 
Secondly, if you could highlight, is there a value chain or complexity in product mix in tems of 
industrial buildings and warehouses? 
And whattypically would be the margin profile in each of these segments at operating level? 
And lastly, from a mid to long term perspective, when you're opening remarks, you did mention 
about the driver. So, is it, customization? Is it cost optimization or, you know, lead time, which 
is lesser than normal structures, which s typically going to drive this business forus and any 
benefits or traction from PLI or government incentives, which can have order book accretion to 
our business? So those were my questions. 
Okay, I'will answer the third question. I am Arvind Nanda here and Manish can answer the first 
two. So, our industry s very well connected to the industrial growth, growth of any new sectors, 
growth in any area of business, as far as we are concerned. 
So things like PLL, Make in India, China +1, all the emphasis that the government is placing on 
getting the foreign [Inaudible-27:01] doing Micron Semiconductor plant in Gujarat, whichis the 
firstone in India to come up. So these sectors initiate, making a huge difference to private sector 
investment, foreign investment. And we are considered like the first company, anything lie 
that. 
Page 8 of 19

Manish Garg: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Manish Garg: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
We work very well with consultants. So if the foreign company is coming for the first time, they 
g0 to the consultants and they come tous, okay, if you want a building to be done in time, you 
want your building to be done perfectly and designed, engineered, produced, everything done 
perfectly, include Interarch in your preference. So, we are really at the top of this preference and 
these sectors that you mentioned, these initiatives that you mentioned, taking place are very, 
very critical to a huge potential growth for the whole industry. 
How much we participate in that, a lot depends also on us, ramping up everything because pre- 
engincered building s like a four legged animal, we have to do design engineering, sales is very 
critical because they are all very highly qualified engincers, they work together with the client 
to engineer their building design it, value add, close the sortof building, then only we can even 
give an offer. 
So there are these two legs, which are very critical to pre-order and why we are finalizing, ten 
of course, the whole buildingis made into pieces by our engineering department in a BOQ form 
and it goes to a factory and there we produce the whole building from raw material is a plate or 
a coil. We do not buy any ready-made section from the market to make our building. 
Everythingis manufactured inhouse from a plate. Then that buildingis transported to site and 
erected by our trained certified builders under our supervision of Interarch people who are 
managing 
the site, communicating, planning everything with the client. So this kind of a thing 
is made into a pre-engineered building into a product, just like we order ready-made fumiture or 
we order even ready-made clothes o houses or flats, we are ordering our industrial building. 
I will get one price, 
I will get one date and I will get one building as I want to get. So these 
sectors are going to play a huge role and more companies which have foreign investment or 
foreign funding or foreign involvement of any type, besides 100% foreign companies, they feel 
that this is the only way thatthey want to build. So that is my answer to your third question and 
I think clarifies a lot of other people’s questions also in the future. 
So this 200,000 tons at the current steel prices should be able to give us a turnover of about 
INR2,200 Crores when fully utilized. That is the answer. 
That would assume 80%-85% which you typically said. 
That is corect. So, 550 times 
4, each of the integrated plant gives us about 550. So once this 
new plant is fully operational and ready and utilization reaches 85, this will give us a revenue 
visibility of about INR2,200. That is number one. 
Number two is how do we protect our margins in the steel fluctuation is for our fixed price 
contracts which are fast-paced, which have to be delivered in three to five months through the 
inventory thatwe carry and the pipeline. However, about 50% of our orders are on variable price 
contracts and where the steel prices are linked. The variation in steel prices are linked with the 
price with the customer. So the up and down is completely passed on to the customer. 
In terms of the margin profile, product-to-product, there is no other product but pre-engincered 
buildings that we sell. But yes, the larger projects tend to be  little more profitable compared to 
Page 9 of 19

Arvind Nanda: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
the smaller projects. That is because of the economies of scale. So just to give an example, a 
INR100-crore project will not take 10 times more engineering time than doing INR10 crore 
projects. Soyes, there s a bit of margin profile but notsignificant to that extent. Sothat maintains 
the margin profile. I think these were pretty much your questions. Thank you. 
Also, T would like to add that steel prices while can be volatile butmonth to month they are not 
that volatile except twice in the last 25 years where they have gone crazy. Most of the time they 
move up very slowly. And we can get a prediction from the steel vendors that we deal with 
whether it is moving up or down. So, we sort of builtit in our prices for the orders where there 
is no pass-through. Plus, we have stocks, at least two months of stocks and two months on order 
with steel companies. So, these are also at fixed prices. 
So all our non-pass-through orders, they have also taken care of that. But yes, overall there will 
be an advantage when the steel prices move down after you have taken an order and move up 
after you have taken anorder. But it is very slight. It can be reasonably well because most of our 
long orders which take 9 to 10 months to exccute, they are all pass-through. 
And typically, we would try and maintain a mix of 50-50 between short and long to ensure we 
do notsuffer in a cycle whichis adverse for our business in terms of steel price movements? 
No, we do not really have much more control over that in that sense. 
Yes, that is a customer-driven thing. 
It is a customer-driven 
thing. And we do want to take larger orders where the customers are top 
quality. We do want to take orders which give us a visual, 
I mean we can see what will happen 
9 to 10 months. Like today our order book for a pre-engincered building industry is exceptional. 
To have an order book of INR1,350 crores means 9 to 10 months of orders you have in hand. 
For pre-engineered building by nature, people want it done very fast. 
Another partof the question was, what is the benefit? Speed and quality. Bothare a huge benefit. 
But overall the benefit is also that you get 
a lump sum price and you give your whok 
responsibility to one company. And that company is responsible for the whole building. If there 
is a leakage in the building, if there is a delay, I can’t blame anybody else. Whereas in a 
traditional form of building, there are many people to blame. So that is what the customer likes. 
So it is a value-add. 
Like why do we buy ready-made furniture today or even ready-made apartments from known 
builders? Because we feelwe want to get rid of that uncertainty. And we do not want to get 
involved in making a building. My work is to make paiat or to make a microchip, 
not to make a 
building. So that is helping a lot for the industry. And what we are doing here in India is not 
rocket science because that has been done all over the world. 
So India s just following 
the same path when it goes into high development mode or any level 
of development. 
That is helpful. Thank you so much. Wishing you guys all the best. Thank you. 
Page 10 of 19

Moderator: 
Aman Soni: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Hussain Bharuchwala: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Soni with Nvest Analytics Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for giving me opportunity. My question is why growth projections are too low for 
financial year 2025? Do you see further risk in infrastructure in second half? 
No, because we have to prepare for the higher level of growth, which we started seeing about 18 
monthsago. So pre-engineered buildinglike Imentioned earlier, is a four legged animal. So first 
we have to build up a lot of skill, talent inside. Because design engineering is very critical to 
even our coating. We cannot even quote for offer properly. Because each company quotes 
according to their own engineering. 
So if I'm not able to engineer and design the building, well, 
I don't really have much chance 
because I could be higher in price for no other reason. So whatwe need to do s build up that 
So we started building up that last year and then we started our plantalso last year. And then 
that is adding to capacity. And, traditionally Interarch, T don't know whether its a very good 
thing to admit when you are listed, is that we are a little cautious company. We don't jump info 
everything because it's there and then regret at leisure. 
We dealwith top quality clients; we dealwith their committed dates. If a clientwants a building, 
like we did five plants for Grasim, and we gave them each plant on time. So Imean, that kind of 
commitmentwe have. 
I mean, today, the situation is very good, because there are more people 
running after us to take orders. But still, we can't just take an order because it's available. 
SoT 
think this year, itll help us a little bit plus steel prices are a lttle softer this year, when steel 
prices are softer while our quantity tumover might increase more than turnover involved in 
rupees. But] think going forward, we'll have the Andhra plant ready, we'll have the upgradation 
of other plants done inanother § to I mean 12 months to 14 months. And our internal working 
on people and the skill level in engineering design has come to a good level thatwe can go with 
a faster speed from next year. 
But already we are, I mean, we are going to be at least 10% up this year with a much better 
margin. We are also concentratingon margin. There's no pointjusttaking orders and notmaking 
better money. We do a damn good product. We deal with world class clients, why not more 
profit? So we work on all these angles. I hope it was satisfactory answer. 
Thank you. The next question comes from Hussain Bharuchwala with Camelian Capital. Please 
g0 ahead. 
I just wanted to understand your seasonality in the business. How is the seasonality there? I 
understand Q2 is a little softer because of rains, but Q1 was slightly weaker. So how do you 
build in numbers? So Q4 is when you have maximum number of orders coming in. How is it? 
How is the order book normally comes in? In which quarter when the order book is built up if 
you can explain on that front as well. One s the revenue recognition, one is the order book? 
See, order book is building up throughout 
the year. Order book is not a problem that, 
I mean, 
normally in the first half of the year, there are more orders than in the second half. Monsoon is 
Page 11 of 19

Hussain Bharuchwala: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
a little quieter in terms of order booking, butorder is not really controlled too much by them. 
See what happens in exceution is that we need site clearances because it's a customized product. 
Even if 
I have a full order book, even if I'm doing full production, I might not get clearances. 
My first half of the year April to September is very interchangeable in terms of months that I 
deliver. Like this year because of elections and weather I mean North India was very hot and 
there were heavy monsoons in the South and elections, there was not too much labor available 
at sites. 
So a lot of clearances we didn'tget. So forus this first quarter is lower than what the second 
quarter will be. Compared to last year, where the first quarter was better than the second quarter. 
So these things can happen, but we view our company more as a first half. Then yes, the third 
quarteris always better than the second and the fourth quarter s always better than the third. 
That has been a trend we have seen over a period of time. 
But first half s very interchangeable. So while the stock marketafter listing the demand that we 
are answerable quarterly, but 
I would say we've been very lucky think, and we are very happy 
with the results of the first quarter that we still managed to beat the last year's first quarter, i 
spite of all these issues. But order book, production, these things are not really affected. 
Affectlast quarter, yes. A lot of companies want their buildings to be delivered and executed 
and the billing is all finalized because last quarter is when they also want to showa 
lot of 
execution, maybe depreciation, maybe finishingtheir budget. The lastquarterwe've always seen 
is better than any other of the quarter. And quarter-on-quarter to say look, our March quarter 
was X and now we are minus in the first quarter of the next year is not comparable in our 
industry. 
Got it. And for single client concentration, if you can give us one thing what s the thing? T know 
client concentration is already given sir, but a single client concentration is more important 
though. The largest client what would be their contribution, if you can tell us? 
See, the regular clients thatwe have are normally the warchousing funds. So they are the only 
ones who keep repeating and ordering like IndoSpace, Welspun, Logos. These companies are 
regularly ordering buildings from us for their warchousing parks. Otherwise, we don't really - 
our client list changes quite substantially every year from one to the next. Like we are working 
on Reliance Solar as you see an order today. We have got an order from Reliance maybe after 
10, 12 years. 
So last two years we did a lot of work for Grasim and Berger and Asian Paint. This year thereis 
1o work from that. Previously, we have worked a lotwith the auto sector which is now picking 
up again after maybe 15 years. So concentration of one client is not there in our case, except this 
warehousing fund. That also is for separate buildings, separate parks. And they keep coming 
back to us because we work very well with them. 
We established long relationships. Otherwise, there is no concentration. 
I mean, this year we are 
doing, like you said, the Micron and we are sceing AB Mauri which we have never worked 
before. We are doing Devyani, Campa Cola which we have not worked before. So these kinds 
Page 12 of 19

Hussain Bharuchwala: 
Moderator: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
of things keep changing. But yes, the top 10, 12 clients would give us maybe 40%, 43% of our 
turnover in any year, but not the same client. 
Got it. So that was the only question from my side. Thank you for that. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Vasuja with Yogya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Good morming, Thank you for the opportunity, sir. 
I have a couple of questions. The firstones 
are on your order book. So what s the average tenure and size of the order that you get? 
Okay, I will answer that. Average order size is about INR12 crores. Average order size, I am 
saying The maximum here could be INR120 crores 
to INR150 crores and the lowest could be 
INRL.S crores. The time it takes is the lowest time is about 4 months and the highest is 12 
months. That's the cycle time that takes for any order that we take. 
Okay, so what is the execution period for the current order book? 
So current order book, which as of today is about INR1,350 Crores, should be looking without 
really thinking how much we will utilize the new plants, should be about 
9 months. 
Okay sir and what's your order bid pipeline right now and what is the historical 
hit ratio for you? 
So our current pipeline, 
I would like to explain that each of the buildings that we bid for has to 
be fully engineered before 
we bid, because there is no standard building, it s fully customized. 
Therefore, we call ita qualified pipeline in our industry. It is not a lead, it is a fully qualified, its 
being quoted for. So that stands at approximately INR4,000 crores, that's the pipeline. 
Historically, our hit rate has been in the range of 20% to 27%. 
Okay, sir. And sir, on your Gujarat capex in Kheda, when will the process start for that? 
So we have already registered the land. In fact, I think a couple of weeks ago. Once we are up 
and running in Athivaram which is second phase is just operating, I think somewhere towards 
the finishing we'll start planning the construction for the Gujarat plant. 
Okay, so how much of the capacity will be expanded by? 
Gujarat should be a similar plant to Athivaram, similar capacity. 
Including both phases or just Phase 22 
Sorry? 
Gujarat plant will be including both phases of the Southern plant or just Phase 27 
Oneandtwo together should be the Gujaratplant, 
yes. So about 50,000 to 60,000 tons once fully 
constructed. 
Okay, sir. And sir, how much will be the cost including the land and how will it be funded? 
Page 13 of 19

Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Manish Garg: 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Moderator: 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
So as of now we plan to fund the entire Gujarat through the internal accrual, because 
we have 
not raised any money for that object through IPO. And that should be about INR100 crores 
including the cost of the land. 
Okay, and sir, what will be the peak revenue potential from this Gujarat facility? 
Sorry? 
What will be the peak revenue potential from this facility? 
So as I think we explained, each of our fully integrated plant of which Gujarat will also be about 
INRS550 crores at the current steel prices, INR550 crores. 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nakshatra Rathi with Niveshaay 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sir, I have one question regarding skilled labor. Recently, one of your peer companies in the 
listed space completed 
its capex for a new plant, but they were notable to commission 
the phnt 
due to lack of availability of skilled labor. Do you see that being an issue for your company? 
T'll answer that. You know, wearea 
little bit more careful. That's why we do our planting phases. 
Like we noticed, we did the first phase in Andhra, first phase, and now we are going to the 
second phase. This is a very critical issue for all companies as they build. So we never try to 
build a huge capacity at one shot because money is not the only issue. Like you mentioned, for 
us, the skilled people, including engineering, design, sales, execution of projects for customer 
site. Besides the factthat we need people in the plant, but we start working on it much before. 
In fact, sometimes our hiring will happen two, three months beforewe go to even production, 
give them training, start hiring them, etc. So it is a very critical issue, but like everythingelse in 
the business, it has to be handled well. And I think we have become reasonably accustomed 
to 
how to handle it. And find people, whether we have to move people from north or east, and we 
give them enough incentives to come to our plant. I think we know how to handle it. That is, 
I 
think, the key. 
So not to build first, spend all the money and then start looking for people, but the other way 
around or parallelly. 
Right. Another thing that 
I noticed as one of the key problems or key risks, 
I would say, is third- 
party logistics. So do you guys bear logistics cost in the contract or do you pass it on to the 
client? How does thatwork? And since you operate witha 
third-party logistics company, doyou 
see there a risk of non-fulfilling of the contract? 
Logistics is avery critical part of it because we have to transportall the goods and they haveto 
be delivered on time and not even one trailer outof 50 can go missing because then you cant 
make the building. So it is very critical. But I think over the last 15-20 years, we haveestablished 
excellent relationships. You know, we as a company believe that every vendor is very critical. 
Page 14 of 19

Nakshatra Rathi: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
He's amore critical partner than anybody else, whether itis our steel suppliers, whether it is our 
component suppliers in some cases, whether it is our builders at site. 
Where the labor comes into huge numbers, their ability, so developing them, supporting them at 
critical stages. The same we do with logistics. Even at the top level of my level and Manish's 
level, we are constantly meeting the owners of transport companies. We have got sometimes 
small things like facilities for them at the plantwhen they arrive. So they can have a bath, they 
can stay, they can getsome food, so they don't have to sit in the truck and similar at the site. So 
we try to do a lot of things. 
We understand the criticality of this and we understand there will be a huge shortage going 
forward. So people who leam to partner with them, learn to respect them, I think will have a 
clearer path going ahead. But we are very, very aware of it. So we work very hard on that. 
So my next question is in the line of the thing 
that you just mentioned that the pie tself s getting 
bigger, right? The industry is growing itself. So there are a lot of new entrants cominginto the 
industry. How do you strategically try to place yourself in this new competitive landscape? 
See, and this is the most important part is your history, in this business, your future depends on 
your history. So there is no USP like how muchmoney do I have or how many plants doT have? 
Your USP is your ability to deliver and your ability to deliver is looked at by these companies 
on what you have done. Have you done a similar size building? Have you donea simply similr 
size complex building? Grasim came to us because we had done Asian Paints and we had done 
Berger, not because we were the cheapest. 
So in going forward, these newer companies, wherever they can come from the world, they can 
spend thousands 
of crores. It doesn't matter. They have to build a certain level of history. The 
only competitor we think of in this line is the Kuwaiti company, which came into India more or 
less at the same time. And they had a little easier path in the beginning because they were an 
interational company with a lot of backup. But today, for the last four or five years, I think we 
are equal to them. 
Newer companies have a very tough time in this line. And that's why you don't see many new 
companies coming at the A grade level. Yes, small, unorganized players, which are dealing ity 
four or five buildings in a year in Kanpur or Varanasi or Bhubaneswar, they will come up 
because thereare hundreds of small buildings comingup everywhere in India where people find 
it commercially and technically more viable to go to these people. 
And that will always remain. Thatyou cannot take away. But to become an A grade company, I 
think willtakea lot more than just comingto Indiawith a name or with money. Many companies 
with big names, I don't want to name them, have come into India, have set up plants in India, 
being large Indian companies and have completely failed. So our history and our USP of 
maintaining relationships, delivering on time, delivering the every projectthat we have done, 
we have delivered to some customer. 
Sometimes maybe not on time, but always delivered to the customer satisfaction, being very 
customer centric, being very service oriented. I think even at my level, there would not be a 
Page 15 of 19

Nakshatra Rathi: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
single customer 
that T have notpersonally met or whose phone I don't answer if he has aproblem 
But these are the things which help you go forward. Your companies are not going to be, we 
have to be prepared to remain ahead in the race and not be complacent, but we are not 
complacent. 
Right. So last two questions regarding previous cycle. One is regarding previous cycle and one 
is regarding the growth of PEB sales. I want to understand what has led to the unprecedented 
growth of PEB sales in last year's financials. And regarding previous cycles, in 2019, your 
margins nearly eroded. So I want to understand why had that happened in that cycle? 
You see, our companies are pre-engineered building, T have a lot of dependence on operational 
leverage. We have to build up a lot of costs, people costs especially, before 
we can get into any 
business. Soif we said in 2018-2019 that, look, we are now goingto aim for INR 1,200-INR1,300 
crores of business two, three years down the line, we needed 
to build up that. In 2019, we buil 
up a lotof expense and a lot of cost, but of course, business doesn't come immediately after that. 
2020, it resulted in good business, the margins wentup, the sales went up, if you have a look at 
2020. Unfortunately, 2021 and 2021-2022, both were COVID hit in terms of at least one quarter. 
In the first year, 2021, we lost nearly four months. We couldn't operate, factories were closed, 
sites were closed, but we still managed to make a profit and still managed to sell in the balance 
cight to nine months. Similar thing happened in 2021. 
Two, three months, we were hit badly by the COVID second wave, and the sites couldnt work, 
the workers couldn't cometo sites, a lot of people couldn't come to the ~ so these two were hit, 
but otherwise, order books were still coming n. And then after that, we are now again back on 
track, moving forward. So margins do fluctuate. If we build up the cost for getting some kind of 
business, and due to some -- these were all natural elements, which we couldn't even predict. 
We couldn't predict that there could be COVID coming in with a good order book. And these 
were the reasons. So hopefully, if it happens again, but what we showed during even those 
COVID years was that we can still do a substantial tumover and still make a profit. We didnt 
go into any question of any loss. We paid everybody in both the COVID years, all our 
employees, our workers were paid full for the full year. 
Whether they stayed at home or whether they came or they were unwell. But we still made a 
profit. And I think a lot of construction companies - So I think that is more of a reason, not 
because later on suddenly something happened. But we built up in *18-19 and then kept on 
building. 
Right. And regarding 
PEB sales, so that segment saw very good growth in last year. So whywas 
that? Is that a one-off thing? Can you explain that? 
Our sales are just one item, pre-engineered buildings. So what happens is that for accounting 
purposes, our auditors demand that, if I've sold the buildingto the customer and I'm doing the 
erection separately on a separate order, or my erector has got a direct order from the customer 
to o it under my supervision, it goes into one heading. If I get a complete turnkey order, it goes 
into another heading. 
Page 16 of 19

Nakshatra Rathi: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
Moderator: 
Pavas Pethia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
Butthe item is the same, the margins are the same, and our sales haveto be looked at combined 
of both the items. It's only an accountingentry. It has nothing o do with the item at all, or the 
margin or that. Both have to be combined into one sales item. 
Okay. And yourcapacity utilizationalso 
has been a little low than the industry. Ibelieve industry 
averages around 55% to 60%. Last year you guys achieved that 55%. So canwe expect this year 
to be better in terms of utilization? 
We have classified our capacity into two forms. One is actually installed capacity. So a lot of 
installed capacity is there far in excess of requirement, because that is how this product was. 
Lets say like roofingand cladding for every building, because I manufacture the roofing 
claddingatsite. So 
I need many more machines than I would need if I were to do everything in 
the factory. So, we have an installed capacity, and then what we call a utilizable capacity. 
So let's say last year we are showing 141,000 tons as installed capacity. Our utilizable was about 
120,000 tons. 21 was just there because the machines are there, butwe can't utilize them. We 
don't have thatkind of projects to utilize them. So compared to 120,000 we were nearly at 80% 
last year. So there's alittle bit of mismateh in our figures of installed capacity versus utilizable 
capacity. 
So now we are gradually going to shift to utilizable capacity, because that is what is more 
understandable for most of our investors. Whereas earlier the auditors were insisting that we 
have to do things like that. So we did it. But now we are mentioning 
that installed capacity and 
then utilizable capacity, which could be 10% to 15% less than installed capacity. So we had 
reached 80% already last year. 
And once you reach 80%, you will start buildingup new capacities. So I think going forward, 
we will be at 80% to 85% of our utilizable capacities constantly, and we'll keep building. Even 
Gujarat will start the moment we touch 80%, 85% of our existing, including Andhra. So there's 
a little bit of disconnect in that. 
Right, sir. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. The nextquestion comes from the line of Pavas Pethia with Aditya Birla Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Just wanted to understand this 2x revenue target of 3 years to 4 years. And when you 
kind of do the math of INRS50 crores into 4 plants to INR2,200 crores, this will entail another 
round of capex, one more facility? 
No, capex is required. No loans are required. We are a debt-free company, and we intend to 
remain debt-free. The Gujarat plant will be done from internal sources and whatever money we 
have already raised. We also have a general pool, which we didn'thave to define whatwe are 
going to use it for. Unfortunately, the Gujarat plant, the land deed had not been registered by the 
time we were going for the IPO. So we couldn't mention that. But we have enough funds. No 
funding is required, no sale of shares is required, and no loan is required. 
Page 17 of 19

Pavas Pethia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pavas Pethia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pavas Pethia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
The starting point is INR 1,300 crores of roughly of sales youdid in FY "24. If I just double it, 
INR2,600 crores, and our potential is INR2,200 crores. So are we envisaging another plant 
coming up in the next 2 years? 
Yes, Gujarat is our fifth integrated plant, which will take you to INR2,600 crores, INR2,700 
crores at least. But we might even start up another one before that. Also, don't forget, we are 
trying to upgrade our existing facilities in the three plants to take up that also up by INR40 
crores, INRS0 crores each plant. So we are hoping that each plant should give about INR600 
crores by another year, 18 months, and we will have five fully integrated plants. Gujarat will 
definitely start next year. 
Okay, sure. And secondly, whenyou target 3 years to 4 years of 2x revenue potential, but your 
margin guidance remains on 9% to 10%, which is the existing band. So doesn't this business 
have a decent operating leverage and the margin should be much higher, if this kind of growth 
comes? 
No, youare right on both counts, but we have been warned that promise less and deliver more. 
So we are hoping, we are also hoping that we get better pricing from customers because 
we are 
ata very good position. We have top quality clients and schemes like PLI and these, all these 
industry renewables and all which are coming in. 
They demand very highlevelof deliveries, very high levelof quality, and Ithink 
we can demand 
a very high level of margin also. So, we are working on that, but I think by the end of this 
financial year, we'll have a more clear-cutidea whether that, how far are we able to work on 
that. We are putting in full effort to improve our margins. 
Totell you in the first decade of 2000 whenwe started and there were only two companies like 
us, the margins were 14%, 15%. We have made those kind of margins. Then competition came 
in and, we all wantmore business. So therefore, sometimes 
you have to compromise on margin 
to get more business. 
ButI 
think we are in another good position going forward for next 5 years to 8 years. So our 
interal policy is that we must aim for higher margins as well. Besides operating leverage, 
besides higher sales, we must work on higher operating leverage, because we deserve it. But we 
don't want to promise anything on that count till we have made it work on the ground. 
Sure, but just some color, how does this, what is the kind of component of fixed costs in our 
overall cost and if the sales turns, whatever you are targeting, how this should be trending? 
See, if we look atour fixed cost, we say that once we toucha turnover of about INR800 crores, 
INR8S50 crores today, after that, you see, our breakup of costingis that in the end we have 10% 
we plan for margin and 10% for overheads besides the steel and the conversion cost of steel into 
building. So till that level, nearly the full 20% goes into your o verhead. After that, maybe the 
full 20% starts coming into your margin. 
So that is why if you see, in INR1,300 crores, if you look at, the balance INRS00 crores of 
turnover in the lastyear, we managed to make INR100 crores, INR110 crores profit before tax. 
Page 18 of 19

Pavas Pethia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Pavas Pethia: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Manish Garg: 
Arvind Nanda: 
Moderator: 
Interarch Building Products Limited 
September 16, 2024 
So that is the kind of margin 
we think 
it should be as we go to INR1,500 crores, INR1,450crores 
this year and INR1,800 crores next year. The costs are not going to increase. 
Indirect costs of overheads is not going to increase dramatically and hopefully, evenwithoutany 
increased margin from customers, that should all go into our profitability. That is what we are 
aiming for. So that is the kind of figures you can keep in mind. 
Okay, so this 10% of overhead kind of spreads over a much higher kind of a number. Thats how 
one should be lookingat 10% s what 
you kind of an underlying marginand then there's a joumey 
for another 10% on operating utilization. 
Yes. 
Okay, thanks. That's all from my side. 
Anyway, 
I wantto thank you for coming in a big way into our company. Thank 
you very much. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Manish, you want to give the closing comments? 
Thank you everyone for joining 
us in the early call. We appreciate your time and showing 
interest in our company. Thank you Ambit team for hosting the carning call. In case of any 
queries, you can get in touch with us or SGA, our Investor Relation Advisor, and we look 
forward to meeting all of you over the next call. Thank you once again. 
Thank you everybody. Thank you very much for taking out your time. 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 19 of 19
