 
 
 
 
RL/SE/24-25/112 
 
August 12, 2024 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on August 7, 2024, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Rakesh 
Muljibhai 
Darji
Digitally signed by 
Rakesh Muljibhai 
Darji 
Date: 2024.08.12 
17:14:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S.L. POKHARNA – DIRECTOR – RAYMOND 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
LIFESTYLE BUSINESS  
 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
REALTY BUSINESS  
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA -- HEAD CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. GAUTAM MAINI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
ENGINEERING BUSINESS  
 
MR. SAMEER SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
LIFESTYLE BUSINESS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHIJEET KUNDU – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Raymond Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I'll now hand over the conference to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir.  
Abhijeet Kundu: 
So thank you, Deepika. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants in the Q1 FY '25 conference call of Raymond Limited. Today, we have with us from 
senior management of Raymond, Mr. S.L. Pokharna, who is Director of Raymond Limited; Mr. 
Amit Agarwal, Group CFO; Mr. Sunil Kataria, CEO of Lifestyle Business; Mr. Harmohan 
Sahni, CEO of Realty business; Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head of Corporate Development; Mr. Gautam 
Maini, CEO of Engineering Business; and Mr. Sameer Shah, CFO of Lifestyle Business. 
 
Without taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Amit. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the earnings 
call to discuss the results of the first quarter of Fiscal '25. I hope you have received a copy of 
our results presentation. And I would like to urge you to go through this along with the disclaimer 
slides.  
Let me start with an update on the various corporate initiatives in line with our objective of 
simplifying the group structure. First, the demerger of our Lifestyle business, which got 
completed as on 30th of June 2024. Vertical demerger of the real estate business, which was 
announced the 4th of July 2024, and will take almost 14 to 16 months to complete the demerger 
of the real estate business. The restructuring of the engineering business, which we expect to 
complete in this fiscal year.  
Now for the clarity purposes, the lifestyle business comprises of branded textiles along with its 
manufacturing facilities, branded apparel with its portfolio of brands Raymond Ready to Wear, 
Park Avenue, ColorPlus, Parx and Ethnix by Raymond as well as garmenting business with its 
manufacturing facility and B2B shirting business with its manufacturing facilities are now 
demerged into Raymond Lifestyle Limited, and which will be listed as a separate entity in the 
second quarter of this fiscal year. 
 
The listing of Raymond Lifestyle Limited is expected in this quarter. The record date for the 
demerger of lifestyle business was on 11th of July 2024. As we have informed earlier, that every 
shareholder of Raymond who were there on 10th of July 2024, will be entitled for receiving four 
shares of Raymond Lifestyle Limited for every five shares held by them of Raymond Limited. 
 
Secondly, after the demerger of lifestyle business, Raymond Limited will be having real estate 
business and engineering business. Furthermore, Raymond Limited has initiated the vertical 
demerger of its real estate business into its wholly owned subsidiary, Raymond Realty Limited. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Upon completion of this demerger, Raymond Limited and Raymond Realty Limited will operate 
as separate listed entities within the Raymond Group, which is pending all statutory approvals. 
 
The new entity will seek automatic listing on stock exchanges. And according to the scheme of 
arrangement, each Raymond Limited shareholder will receive one share of Raymond Realty 
Limited for every one share held in Raymond Limited. This strategic move comes as Raymond's 
real estate business has achieved scale, reported a revenue of INR1,593 crores and an EBITDA 
of INR370 crores in fiscal '24. This will position Raymond Realty Limited to independently 
pursue its growth trajectory as a separate entity. 
 
The engineering business will continue to be a subsidiary of Raymond Limited. The engineering 
business of JK Files which does engineering consumables, Ring Plus auto components and 
Maini Precision comprises of auto components, aerospace and defense business. Further, as 
announced earlier, through a scheme of arrangement, 2 new subsidiaries of Raymond Limited 
will be created. And one will focus on aerospace defense, while the other would cater to the auto 
component and the engineering consumables, each charting its unique part of growth with a 
primary objective of value creation. Raymond Limited will hold 66.3% in both the new 
subsidiaries and the remaining shares will be held by the Maini family and the minority 
shareholders 28.5% and 5.2% respectively. Just as a reminder that on a pro forma basis, for fiscal 
'24, the consolidated revenue of engineering business, including Maini Precision, was around 
INR1,800 crores, and the consolidated EBITDA for the engineering group was INR270 crores.  
Now before I start my discussion on the first quarter fiscal '25 performance, I again want to 
mention that Raymond Limited now encompasses the real estate and engineering business and 
during the discussion, all the numbers and details will be for Raymond Limited. The demerger 
of the lifestyle business has been completed on 30th June 2024, and listing is expected to be in 
the second quarter of this fiscal year. Yes, there will be no separate call for the lifestyle business 
during this quarter. I will cover operational highlights of the lifestyle business in the later part 
of my discussion. 
 
Let me start with a brief overview of the market for the quarter for the real estate and engineering 
business. The real estate market maintains its upward momentum, driven by increasing 
residential demand with expectations for this trend to persist in the forthcoming quarters. 
Additionally, there is a rise in demand for affordable luxury residences alongside strong interest 
from the first-time homebuyers. Engineering market witnessed growth in auto ancillary segment. 
However, engineering consumables has been weak, both in domestic as well as export markets. 
Further, the aerospace sector is also showing promising signs. 
 
Now let me talk about the first quarter fiscal '25 performance of Raymond Limited. Raymond 
delivered strong quarterly performance in real estate and engineering business, reporting a 
revenue of INR998 crores in the first quarter of fiscal '25 with a growth of 93% on a year-on-
year basis over INR517 crores. The revenue growth was driven by outstanding performance in 
the real estate sector. In first quarter fiscal '25, the company achieved a strong booking of 
INR611 crores, primarily driven by the demand for The Address by GS Season 2 in Thane and 
the recently launched The Address by GS in Bandra. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Further, Raymond Limited completed the acquisition of Maini Precision Products Limited, 
MPPL, on 29th of March 2024. Starting from first quarter of fiscal '25, the company has 
consolidated the performance of its engineering business to include MPPL. The segment has 
shown strong performance post-acquisition, making Raymond's Group entry into the sunrise 
sector of aerospace, defense and EV components. During the quarter, the company has delivered 
an EBITDA of INR162 crores in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 with an EBITDA margin 
of 16.2%. This marks a remarkable 82% year-on-year growth compared to INR89 crores in the 
last year first quarter. 
 
Overall, the company has reported the annual profit after tax from continuing operations of 
INR57 crores, making a 27% increase compared to INR45 crores in the previous year. During 
the quarter, as discussed, we have demerged the lifestyle business. And because of this, there is 
a profit from discontinued operations to the tune of INR7,310 crores. According to IndAS 
Accounting Standard, the demerger of a lifestyle business must be recorded at fair value in the 
financial statements of Raymond Limited. As of 30th June 2024, the fair value amounted to 
INR8,516 crores, which includes Raymond's share on gain made on sale of FMCG business, net 
of tax to the tune of INR1,178 crores. Consequently, the net gain from the demerger is totaling 
to INR7,338 crores, which is recorded under profit from discontinued operations and 
subsequently credited to reserve in Raymond Limited. This net gain does not affect the net worth 
as the same amount of INR7,338 crores is also debited to reserve as a non-cash dividend 
attributable to Raymond Limited shareholders.  
The Engineering segment performed well with a resilient demand in the domestic market, while 
export orders were impacted due to challenges in the global market, and our growth is further 
fueled by completion of acquisition of Maini Precision in March '24, which has a strong presence 
into sunrise sector, aerospace, defense and EV components. Now let me talk about the segment-
wise performance for the first quarter. 
 
The Real Estate segment, leveraging an asset-light model, in February '24, Raymond Realty 
launched its first JDA project in Bandra, Mumbai. Initial response from our customers for the 
first 2 towers was overwhelming, leading to the launch of two new additional towers in Q1FY25. 
With our strong brand and execution skills, we are confident in our continued success of the real 
estate projects. In June 2024, we were selected as a preferred developer to redevelop a housing 
project in Bandra East area, with an estimated revenue potential of more than INR2,000 crores, 
thereby making it to the fourth JDA project under our realty business. 
 
Raymond Realty has 100 acres of land in Thane, which delivers 11.4 million square feet RERA 
approved corporate area, of which approximately 40 acres is currently under development. There 
are five ongoing projects of 4 million square feet generating revenue of INR9,000 crore on its 
Thane land, with an additional potential of 7-plus million square feet to generate more than 
INR16,000 crores revenue, making a total potential of over INR25,000 crores from this land 
bank. 
 
Additionally, Raymond has signed four JDA projects in Mahim, Sion and including the Bandra 
projects, the combined revenue potential from four JDA projects in the Mumbai Metropolitan 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
region is over INR7,000 crores. With the development of Thane land bank and current 4 JDAs, 
gives the company a potential revenue of INR32,000 crores over the next few years. 
 
Overall, during the quarter, we have seen a strong booking momentum and made a total booking 
of INR611 crores across our projects. The construction momentum across all projects, both 
Thane and Bandra, is progressing well, demonstrating our commitment to timely delivery and 
adherence to high-quality standards. 
 
A comprehensive update on the construction status of our projects is provided in our investor 
presentation. Our Raymond Realty business, which offers affordable luxury apartments ranging 
from 1 to 4 BHK that caters to multiple segments of society, and our proven ability to execute 
the project at a faster pace, enables our sales to increase by 108% to INR488 crores in the first 
quarter of fiscal '25 from INR235 crores in the first quarter of fiscal '24. The EBITDA margin 
stood at 17.5% for the quarter is lower as compared to the same quarter last year, majorly due to 
marketing and initial cost of new projects.  
Now coming to the performance of the engineering business, considering growth strategy in 
engineering sector, Raymond Limited completed the acquisition of Maini Precision Products 
Limited, MPPL, on 29th of March 2024. Starting from first quarter of fiscal '25, the company 
has consolidated the performance of the engineering business, which includes MPPL. The 
segment sales stood at INR419 crores in the first quarter of fiscal '25, doubling revenue 
compared to INR209 crores in first quarter of last fiscal. 
 
This performance includes acquisition of MPPL and supported by demand in Flexplates & Shaft 
Bearings categories in domestic markets and shield-ring category in the export market. However, 
engineering consumable category continued to be impacted due to sluggishness in domestic and 
export market and weaker retail markets due to excessive heat and inflation. During the quarter, 
the business reported an EBITDA margin at 13.2%, mainly due to change in product mix. 
 
Now let me talk about the debt and cash position at Raymond Limited. We continue to remain a 
net-debt-free business with net cash surplus of INR618 crores, which has increased by INR117 
crores compared to March '24. Our total gross debt stood at INR870 crores, which includes the 
debt taken to acquire MPPL business and existing working capital of MPPL. 
 
Further, we continued to maintain liquidity with cash and cash equivalents of INR1,488 crores 
as of 30th of June 2024. The interest cost incurred during the quarter is INR31 crores, which is 
higher by INR23 crores as compared to INR7.7 crores in the same quarter last year. The rise in 
interest cost can be attributed for the debt taken for the acquisition of MPPL business and on the 
existing working capital debt of Maini business. 
 
Now let me provide you the brief highlights of segmental performance for the first quarter of 
fiscal '25 for the lifestyle business. During the quarter, lifestyle business witnessed weaker 
revenue due to discretionary spend, continued to remain under pressure, prolonged heatwave, 
which impacted footfalls in retail outlets, general elections, negligible wedding dates impacted 
demand in inflation, which impacted our overall revenue performance and margin. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
In the first quarter of fiscal '25, the lifestyle business revenue stood at INR1,249 crores, lower 
by 8% compared to INR1,353 crores in the first quarter of fiscal '24. EBITDA stood at INR87 
crores in the first quarter of fiscal '25 compared to INR180 crores in the first quarter of fiscal 
'24. 
 
The Branded Textiles segment revenue declined to INR565 crores by 18% over INR688 crores 
in the first quarter of fiscal '24 due to lesser wedding dates, weak demand in the market and 
decline in secondary sales driven by lower footfalls. The EBITDA margin was at 10% in the 
first quarter of fiscal '25 due to decline in revenue and average selling price because of the change 
in the product mix. 
 
Now let me talk about the Branded Apparel segment, where the revenue maintained at INR303 
crores compared to INR304 crores during the first quarter of previous year. Despite challenging 
market conditions, we continued with our strategy of expanding distribution reach and network, 
focusing on premiumization and casualization. The segment delivered an EBITDA margin of 
4.8% in the first quarter of fiscal '25 compared to 6.4% in the same quarter of the previous year. 
The lower EBITDA margin was due to mid-season sales, which started in May and the early 
onset of the end-of-season sale in June. Additionally, we increased the investment in branding 
and category creation such as Ethnix by Raymond through additional spending on advertisement 
and marketing initiatives to support our brands. 
 
We continued to strengthen our retail footprint as we opened 21 new stores during the quarter 
as well taking the tally to 1,539 stores as on 30th of June 2024, which are spread across 600 
towns and cities in India, which include 118 stores of Ethnix by Raymond brand. 
 
Now let us talk about the Garmenting segment. During the quarter, our revenue stood at INR252 
crores, which increased by 5% in the first quarter of fiscal '25 as compared to INR239 crores in 
first quarter of fiscal '24. This growth was driven by acquiring new customers and enhancing 
our presence in new geographies. During the quarter, EBITDA margin was at 3.5% as compared 
to 9.8% reported in the previous year, mainly due to change in product mix. 
 
In the last few days, challenges faced by the exporters in Bangladesh have presented a great 
opportunity for all the Indian exporters and particularly Raymond Lifestyle, due to our integrated 
supply chain from fabric to garment. 
 
We have expanded our capacity by investing INR200 crores, which will be highly beneficial as 
this capacity can be quickly utilized to meet customer demand whereas building garmenting 
capacity typically takes 12 to 15 months. We are closely monitoring the situation and have 
reached out to our customers who currently source from Bangladesh. However, it is a bit 
premature to discuss specific volumes at this stage. 
 
Let me talk about the high-value Cotton Shirting segment, where the revenue declined by 3% to 
INR186 crores compared to INR192 crores in the previous year. The demand for our linen fabric 
offering to B2B customers in the domestic market continues to be strong. The EBITDA margin 
for the quarter was 5.5%. I would like to emphasize that our lifestyle business is seasonal in 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
nature and major sales of high value-added products are linked to festivals and weddings. So the 
first quarter performance is not at all an indication of the full year performance. 
 
Now let me discuss about the current status of the operations and outlook. In the Real Estate 
segment, residential real estate continues to demonstrate sustained demand. We are focusing on 
future expansion through a capital-light business model via JDA route and targeting 20% to 25% 
growth in booking value year-on-year. We are currently in advanced discussions to finalize new 
JDAs as we continue to expand our operations. 
 
As far as Engineering segment is concerned, the auto ancillary subsegment is witnessing very 
strong growth. And the engineering consumables seems to be having still a challenge in the 
demand. We are driving growth from our sunrise sectors of aerospace, defense and EV 
component businesses. And the aerospace business, particularly post-acquisition, is showing 
promising level. 
 
Lifestyle business, considering the wedding days in second half of this fiscal, indications are 
that we will be witnessing good sales in the second half of this year. Further, we are enhancing 
our product portfolio and expanding our retail footprint to capture the increased demand during 
the festive and the wedding season. Our focus on customer-centric offering is expected to drive 
sales growth. 
 
In conclusion, Raymond Limited has made significant strides in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, 
and the successful demerger of our lifestyle business and the strategic restructuring of Real 
Estate and Engineering segments will position us strongly for future growth and value creation. 
As we move forward, our focus remains on operational excellence, strategic growth initiatives 
and delivering value to our shareholders -- we appreciate the continued support and trust of our 
investors and stakeholders. 
Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to your questions and further discussion. 
Operator, please open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers. Just two questions. One is on basically the engineering 
consumables and the lifestyle business. So can you tell me what are the reasons behind this weak 
environment in terms of demand for these segments? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So I'll ask Sunil for Lifestyle to respond. And after he finishes, we'll ask Gautam Maini, 
who is also there, who is the Managing Director of Engineering business to respond. Sunil? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. This is Sunil here. I think in terms of the lifestyle business, the weak environment is 
primarily 3 factors which happened together. Normally, India sees 2 wedding seasons, one which 
happens around April, May and one is the winter season which starts from October, November 
and goes on until February. This time, after a long period, there were negligible weddings in the 
April, May seasons of weddings. So that is one very large factor, which normally provides a 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
large stimulus to all the apparel businesses and more so to our business, which has also got 
linkages to the wedding. 
 
The second big piece which happened, which obviously nobody anticipated, was extraordinary 
heatwaves which spread through India, right from the middle of April continuing until June, 
which impacted the whole consumer footfall across all kinds of sectors. And the third is India, 
as we know, all saw a very long staggered phase by phase elections, which put a lot of restrictions 
in terms of movements as well as cash flows into the market. So in a way these 3 factors came 
together to create an environment which is very, very muted. And that impacted footfalls and 
hence secondary sales across. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And what is the outlook for rest of the year for this segment? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So one thing is very clear that in a way what's the good part which happened is the entire backlog 
of the wedding season, which normally would have happened in the first phase as well is now 
going to shift over to the second half. The second half has got a very, very large number of 
weddings, almost the second half of the season has got some 45 days of wedding across, spread 
over 4, 5 months. So this is one of the largest number of wedding days to come together. So that 
is one piece which is looking very, very positive. 
 
Second is that it's obvious that the weddings which did not happen in the first half are likely to 
come back together with a backlog towards the second part of the season. So the outlook is very 
clearly that with the festive season starting on towards end of second quarter and with very, very 
strong wedding dates in place, that the second half of the year would be very, very good. And 
normally what happens in our business is, that just before the weddings start, around 45 days or 
so before we start seeing traction which starts happening. So we would expect a gradual recovery 
happening in this quarter itself and momentum picking up towards the second half itself. So that, 
I think, is a very, very good piece in terms of the way the outlook is. 
 
The second part, which I think Amit mentioned was, the Bangladesh piece, which I think is a 
piece which we would like to watch out. And that could have a very, very positive trajectory in 
the midterm for our garmenting business. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So are you spending on the capacity to cater to that additional opportunity due to Bangladesh? 
Sunil Kataria: 
We've already mentioned in the discussion of Amit when he talked about that we've already 
invested around INR200 crores of capex behind expansion of line. Our capacities are already 
being almost close to double, and we have vertically integrated play already. So we are one of 
the very few companies in the world who have this vertically integrated play and a skill set, 
which we can immediately take advantage of us as a result of this geopolitical situation which 
is panning out in our neighborhood. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And secondly, on that engineering consumables segment, sir? 
Gautam Maini: 
So I think some of the reasons are common like weather was very hot and because of which the 
sales were definitely affected, inflation, general elections. I think it's played a role across many 
of the sectors, including the tools and hardware sector. Apart from that, the logistics of exports 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
have increased costs significantly, the availability of containers, et cetera. So that put a little bit 
of a setback in terms of the actual sales taking place. So we feel that, that recovery will happen 
because now the productions are all being enhanced, new products have been introduced. And 
therefore, we see a much brighter second quarter. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And sir, what portion of revenue coming from engineering consumables to the entire 
Engineering segment? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So basically, it will be about 20-odd percent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So a couple of questions on the real estate business. Firstly, on the margin side, while Amit, you 
mentioned the reasons for lower margins. But I just wanted to dwell little detail into how 
different are the margins for our Bandra JDA project versus our Thane project. I mean, because 
of that mix, is that one of the reasons that we had slightly lower margins? Yes, that's the first 
question. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So Pritesh, there are 2 things in this. This is Harmohan. One is which Amit mentioned that the 
marketing expenses in the quarter were higher because of Thane. We had a home fest and that 
provided a fillip to our sales, which will continue for next 2 quarters. And then also the Bandra 
launch, which was there, we had a big bang launch in that. So the expenses were, as compared 
to our other quarters, it was higher than usual. And as the accounting that we follow, is that, that 
comes as a period cost, and it doesn't get amortized. 
 
So it is showing this quarter. Next quarter, it will normalize. So that impact will go away 
significantly. So that's one thing. The second thing which you also hinted at, of course, there is 
a difference between the Thane margin and the outside margin because Thane in that sense, the 
land cost is very low or negligible because it's legacy land. So there is an element of land cost, 
which is there. And we have always maintained over the last 1 year and also in the last few 
presentations that we have made that our margin from this business is going to be in the range 
of 20% or a little over 20%. And the main reason is because of the blending which happens of 
the projects outside of Thane. And the other factor, the third factor, which is more important, 
and you would understand this because you understand the nuance of real estate very well, is 
when the project is launched, in the beginning, the pricing is different and in the second and 
third year, the pricing changes after that. 
 
So over a 4- or 5-year project, the margin of the project keeps going up and it peaks towards the 
end of the project so that the average margin comes to around 20%, 25%. So since this was the 
first year we launched the project, the Bandra project in Feb itself, so first quarter is the lowest 
margin that you will see in this project, and it will continue to climb up. And we've already taken 
2 price hikes in this project, which will start reflecting in the next few quarters. And also the 
product mix going forward will change because we have other projects which will be coming 
onstream in Thane, which have significantly higher margin. There is an element of retail that 
will come in. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
So our guidance for the full year remains the same. We will achieve our average margin that we 
have achieved last year, somewhere in the range of 23-odd percent. So that we will very safely 
achieve this year. I hope I've answered comprehensively your question. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes, Harmohan. That's very clear. The second, on the balance launches at Sion, Mahim and the 
new Bandra one, should one expect that all these 3 projects should get launched in next 12 
months or it's a little aggressive kind of a target that we are looking at? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Actually, a fair assumption would be to look at H1 of next year as the launch period for all the 
projects put together. And if something happens before that, it will be a pleasant surprise for all 
of us. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. So I mean, right now, at this stage, none of them would get launched at this year end? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
By March? 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. By March. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Well, maybe one of them is likely, but I won't really commit that because we are yet to go 
through the approval process for that. But out of the 3 projects, one is definitely moving faster 
than the other two. So maybe one project we can expect by March, but it will not really contribute 
significantly this year even if it was launched. So H1 probably is a better assumption to make. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. That's great. And lastly, on the project addition. So last year, we had almost 3 additions. 
This year, we have started with 1. That's the target that you would go by, I mean, 2 to 3 projects 
every year, adding up to INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores worth of JDA pipeline to our 
overall portfolio? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
The visibility of that seems quite clear as of now. Of course, our target and our desire is to add 
minimum 4 projects every year, and upward of INR5,000 crore GDV is what we are targeting. 
But INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores, 2 to 3 projects, I think would be a safe assumption to 
make, that is quite achievable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. Apologies, the current 
participant has disconnected. The next question is from the line of Tanmay Gupta, Motilal 
Oswal. 
Tanmay Gupta: 
Sir, my question is on the margin side of branded textile, like the margin has declined a lot like 
to 10% from the range of 20%. Is that all because of the decline in sales, if you can quantify 
what are the fixed costs here in this segment? Or going forward, what kind of margin should we 
look in the Branded Textile segment? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Sunil here. See, the primary reason for this margin decline is actually scale deleverage. I think 
that's the big reason for this. And there is some marginal impact which has come because of a 
little bit of mix change, again, which is related to the wedding season. Because in wedding 
season, you end up selling, let's say, higher segment of suits, jackets kind of fabrics which are 
higher selling prices. But a big chunk of this actually, I would say, majority is because of scale 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
deleverage, and we should come back very quickly once the business scales up from quarter 2 
onwards. So I don't see any threat to the margin or it's a structural change or any threat to the 
margin in the future. It is just scale deleverage and a little bit on exchange. 
Tanmay Gupta: 
Okay. So mixed change, you mean, it has moved more into the shirting segment for this quarter? 
Sunil Kataria: 
No, what happens is, normally when you have wedding linked businesses, you tend to get higher 
value purchases, which happen. In terms of the mix, which happens is, they are more high value, 
more high selling prices. That's the whole thing. It's not a shirting versus suiting change. I mean 
within the suiting business that change does happen. But that's a marginal impact, the bigger 
impact is scale deleverage. 
Tanmay Gupta: 
Okay. So you mean to say in suiting, value segment suite has sold more? 
Sunil Kataria: 
No, see what happens is between suits and trousers itself there is a change. So normally, suits 
get changed when high-value suits get or fabric gets bought when it is wedding date. So that's 
the change which happens. 
Tanmay Gupta: 
And in garmenting also, it's like because of the decreasing scale, the margins have declined? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. So one piece is definitely decreasing scale. And the second piece is a little bit of an ASP 
change which has happened, which is a very, very temporary shift itself, which we don't see 
having any impact for us going forward. We again expect the ASP in the garmenting business 
to come back from this quarter itself onwards. 
Tanmay Gupta: 
So should we expect in both the textile and garmenting the earlier margins to continue going 
forward? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. Actually, definitely, we expect the margins to come back. We don't see any structural 
change in the margin profile of both these businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Savai from Abakkus. 
Nirav Savai: 
My question is regarding this Address by GS, which is a Queenscourt. Now if I look at the 
realizations for the first quarter, it's come down to about INR25,000, INR24,430 versus 
INR33,000 in the fourth quarter. So what has changed those realizations? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So can you repeat the question, please? You're... 
Nirav Savai: 
So if I look at the first quarter, the blended realizations of this Queenscourt is about INR24,430, 
which is on 0.07 million square feet sold and the quantum of sales is about INR171 crores. 
Roughly fourth quarter, where we had sold 0.09 million square feet for INR298 crores. So the 
per square feet realizations have come down. Our understanding was maybe on the launch 
quarter, we would have been a bit more aggressive. But even in the first quarter after the launch, 
the prices have actually gone down. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
We will have to come back to you on this. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Nirav Savai: 
And another thing was on the revenue recognition on Queenscourt, INR128 crores have been 
recognized this quarter. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So what's the question? 
Nirav Savai: 
My question was, we have just launched it last quarter. So how do we read this INR128 crores 
of revenue recognition in a very initial phase of launch? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
It is dependent on the quantum of work which has been done. 
Nirav Savai: 
Okay. Because I was just looking at the other projects which we had launched. And even in 
immediate quarters, the revenue recognition was not so high. So just wanted to get a sense of 
this. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So each project cost structure is different. So against the budgeted cost, the cost which gets 
incurred really determines how much of revenue we can book because the matching principle 
has to be followed as per accounting standards. So the approval costs are different, the premium 
that you have to pay. One is in Thane. The other one is in Bombay. So all those material 
difference. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right. And then what was the quantum of our total marketing expense for this quarter, which 
has dented overall margins? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
It was approximately in the range of INR20 crores to INR22 crores. 
Nirav Savai: 
All right. So that's it from my side. I just wanted some more clarity. Maybe we can take it offline 
for... 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Sure, sure, sure. If you could just send your email ID across, we will send you the answer for 
the second one. We'll just study that... 
Nirav Savai: 
I was just looking at the areas sold and the value of sales, and that's where I found that there is 
a disconnect there. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Right. Right. We'll get back to you on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
My question is on the Maini Precision portfolio that you acquired. If I look at the mix margin 
during the quarter I think when we acquired it, that was a much higher margin. So what has 
happened in this portfolio? And how – will the margin would go back to the 10%, 12% mark or 
these are the new numbers? 
Gautam Maini: 
I couldn't clearly hear the question. I mean, I understood that something about margin, but for 
some reason, the voice was not very clear. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sir, my question is on the Maini Precision portfolio. If we look at the margin this quarter, it came 
to a low single digit kind of a margin. This is much lower than the margin at which we acquired.. 
So what happened during the quarter in the portfolio? 
Gautam Maini: 
No, I mean the portfolio the margins have been very similar or are on an upfront. So I'm not sure 
what are you comparing it with? 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sir, I hope I'm audible… 
Moderator: 
I'm so sorry to interrupt you Mr. Agarwal. Can you please use your handset while asking the 
question? We are unable to hear your question. Can you please speak a little bit up so that we 
can hear your questions? 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, Maini Precision portfolio we did a EBITDA of INR7.3 crores during the quarter, that is a 
revenue of INR219 crores, which is barely a 3% EBIT margin. So what happened in this 
portfolio in terms of profitability? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. I think he is comparing yearly percentage to a Q1 percentage, then, of course, the Q1 
percentage is always slightly lower because the business is in that form. So if that is the question, 
then there is no effect really on our margins because they're very similar to what they were last 
year. And therefore, I'm not sure if you're comparing it with last year's Q1 or you're comparing 
it with the overall margin? The overall margins will be slightly higher as the quarters go by, and 
they'll go higher in Q3 and Q4. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Just one more supplementary to that. Basically, if you see, the aerospace business always is very 
high margin. And what has happened is because the customers and the shipping delays, which 
is there due to lack of availability of containers, the proportion of revenue recognition for the 
aerospace is significantly lower proportioned compared to the auto as well as the engineering 
consumables. And that used to be very different in the last year's first quarter, but you don't have 
that number. But for the overall year, that was always the case, which will get rectified going 
forward in the second and third and fourth quarter. So that you will get back to those margins 
because the margin differential between an aerospace as well as the auto is significantly larger. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Can you share the number of the aerospace, both the revenue and the profitability? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, it is in the range of we are on a run rate of roughly INR75 crores with a 25% margin. And 
this quarter, it is less, the revenue for the aerospace. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mr. Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
So first question was on the lifestyle bid where we've seen we've had a soft quarter. So I just 
wanted to understand whether our channel inventory or distributor inventory also played a part 
in that. I mean if you could let us know what was the difference in primary and secondary sales 
during the quarter? And what is the current inventory situation like with both the channels? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Himanshu, Sunil here. Himanshu, in fact, our secondaries versus primary gap has been on the 
positive side there, in fact, our secondaries have been higher than primaries. Obviously, what 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
had happened initially was that there was an expectation of the wedding season, which did not 
pan out, but we still took initiatives and across our businesses, whether its fabric or apparels, our 
secondaries are higher than primaries. One thing which happened is why to put a quantum on 
this exactly that the wholesale channel in the fabric business does not really it's not very easy to 
track on a real-time basis inventory unlike in our apparel business, but we have our own ways 
to taking an estimate and the secondary is definitely much more than primary. So we do not see 
any concern on the channel inventory buildup in the business. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Understood, sir. The second bit is, while you explained, I believe, on the reason for the margin 
fall in the branded textiles and the apparel piece where I believe negative operating leverage and 
higher marketing spends would have contributed to that. But on the garmenting side, while we 
have seen a revenue growth, there, the margin fall is quite significant. So can you specify the 
reasons of what led to the sharp decline in garmenting business margins? 
Sameer Shah: 
Himanshu, this is Sameer here. So I think as earlier also called out, there are a couple of reasons 
for garmenting's margins to be on lower side. We are also ramping up our capacity and hence, 
in run-up to that, there has been relatively higher employee cost, especially the blue-collared 
labor. So that's one. And secondly, there has been a little bit of adverse mix impact, which has 
also resulted in lower realizations, lower gross margins and all the way getting reflected to lower 
EBITDA margins. But on a full year basis, I mean, at this point in time, we do remain of the 
view that we should be close to our margins which we had for last year. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay. We can still maintain that despite this ramp up? 
Sameer Shah: 
We have at this point in time. And hopefully, this Bangladesh plus 1, if it kind of fructifies as 
and when, I mean, it materializes, it should kind of add to the overall scale and volumes. 
Sunil Kataria: 
But we are pretty confident that this is only a temporary blip. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Got it. And just final bit on the marketing side in the lifestyle business. Can you give a number, 
we're talking about higher marketing spends, how much would that have grown, I mean, for the 
branded businesses put together this quarter? 
Sunil Kataria: 
I think that data would be roughly around gone up by around maybe a couple of percentage 
points of advertising to sales ratio. And there are 2 kind of marketing spends, Himanshu, which 
happen here. One is the mass media spend, which you see in the mass media. The other spend 
which happens is that because we are ramping up stores rapidly, we do a lot of new store 
activation marketing, which goes behind. When the store is launched, you have to establish the 
store in the first, maybe roughly around 6 weeks by doing a lot of hyperlocal activations. And 
that is also the marketing, which is also taking place as we are scaling up a lot of new stores 
right now. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Got it. And despite the slightly weak performance now in first quarter and maybe second quarter 
also might be a bit soft given your outlook, I mean do we still maintain our target on our footprint 
expansion plans? Or are we scaling them down for now? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Sunil Kataria: 
No, we are very clear. We had given our guidance of doing around 200-plus store footprint in 
the year. We are continuing to accelerate on that because we believe that we have headroom to 
really increase our reach across multiple points, whether it is our store expansion, whether it is 
on our opening up more doors within large format stores or whether increasing our reach among 
multi-brand outlets. So while there's a guidance of 200-plus stores that we're talking of in our 
stand-alone stores, but at the same time, we're also ramping up distribution across other 2 multi-
branded formats and large format stores as well. 
Sameer Shah: 
Himanshu, just to come back to your earlier question, the overall advertisement and sales 
promotion at lifestyle level went up by 10 percentage despite having 8 percentage decline on 
sales. So we continue to invest. I mean, invest for growth. So that was the call which was taken 
in first quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal, Nvest Analytics. 
Garvit Goyal: 
My question is on the MPPL. So now the entity is consolidated. So what kind of growth do we 
see here for next 2 to 3 years? And what kind of order book do we have here? 
Gautam Maini: 
So basically, in terms of growth, we have a mid- to late-teens growth, that will happen, of course, 
based on a lot of things that are now developing that can slightly change because the aerospace 
has a bigger potential. It's a long-term plan. So you take steps that can have a long-term growth 
in a long-term business. So very bullish about the business in general, that will pull us up. It's 
also a high-margin business, so it will help us get the numbers. 
 
We're also seeing very good traction in the hybrid and EV markets for our products as well, 
which has also been ramping up quite significantly. So we are seeing a very healthy growth 
going forward and long term as well. We generally have long-term contracts and orders. So 
rather than giving you a number, it varies depending on certain contracts are 3 years, certain 
contracts are 5 years. We also have contracts up to 10 years. So we have a significant view of 
the next 3 to 10 years depending on the cases. And therefore, it allows us to plan for our resources 
in a very long-term manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Yes. Largely, most of my questions are answered. Just one clarification. Sameer, you said that 
in the lifestyle business, advertisement spend went up by 10% whereas the sales -- I mean, 
branded apparel business advertisement spends went up by 10%, whereas the sales growth was 
lower. Is that right? I mean. 
Sameer Shah: 
No. Let me just reclarify, Abhijeet, what I said is the overall lifestyle advertisement and sales 
promotion spends went up by 10 percentage compared to 8 percentage decline. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. Understood. Understood. And when we say that we will add 200 stores -- will be, how 
much of it will be Ethnix and how much of it would be other stores? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. So roughly, you can take maybe 50% of -- 40%, 50% of that would be Ethnix, maybe 
40%, I would say, and balance 60% would be other brands of the apparel business. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. And even in this quarter, end of season sale started off at the early stage. So the margin 
decline in case of branded apparel was not that substantial, but majority of it would be due to 
higher discounting, right? I mean, and some amount of deleverage? 
Sunil Kataria: 
You're talking about which business? You're talking about apparels? 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Branded apparels. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. Partly, it would be discount led by EOSS and I think that's a bigger piece... 
Sameer Shah: 
It was also in the base also, Abhijeet, right? So when you're looking at Y-o-Y margins, I mean, 
the EOSS was there in the base also. So on a delta base, I mean, it's not a big kind of driver. 
Sunil Kataria: 
But if you see the big one is, we are ramping up stores also, which is increasing pace. And as I 
said, as we increase stores, the hyperlocal marketing starts playing also a role. And that's where 
the spends are going. And we definitely want to do this because we believe as much stores as 
we can ramp up throughout this year, it will really add onto the future. And plus, the season is 
also going to be very strong for the second half of the year. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
And most of the store additions would be franchisee owned, right? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes, we are operating on an asset-light model where the ratio is very clearly that around 70% of 
our stores would be -- 70%, 75% stores would be asset-light model. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
And the inventory I think -- even Himanshu asked, but the inventories are under check, because 
there could be moderation in sales, that is fine. But inventories are something which... 
Sunil Kataria: 
We have very, very tight controls on the inventories. We very particularly check inventories 
across, by and large, all points, and we don't see any issue there. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, 
Group CFO, for closing remarks. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much for taking the interest in Raymond Group, and we look for having the 
investors call once again in the next quarter. And at that point of time, we will have two calls, 
one for Raymond Limited and one for Raymond Lifestyle Limited. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
