                                                              
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza” 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
SCRIP CODE : 523367 
SCRIP CODE : DCM SHRIRAM 
 
Sub: Transcript 
of 
Investors’ 
Earnings 
Call 
under 
SEBI 
(Listing                        
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the 
Investors’ Earning Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, held on July 25, 2024. 
 
The above said Transcript will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. 
www.dcmshriram.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Your faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Ltd. 
 
 
 
Swati Patil Lahiri 
Acting Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Dated: July 31, 2024 
 
Encl.:  as above 
 
SWATI 
PATIL 
LAHIRI
Digitally signed by SWATI PATIL LAHIRI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=f9fbae5b394d4f01a33ac4723
19133f4, 
2.5.4.20=1f9b058c88258482c3d3533c3537
f0ab63b5bba6b5494b76a99228d7020143
53, postalCode=122018, st=HARYANA, 
serialNumber=5b6597edf266b97d777435
4291a7cdc815726785c2f1bc0bbff46b5630
c9502c, cn=SWATI PATIL LAHIRI 
Date: 2024.07.31 15:38:44 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
July 25, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the DCM Shriram Limited’s 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited's 
Quarter 1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Ajay Shriram – Chairman & Senior Managing 
Director, Mr. Vikram Shriram – Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Ajit 
Shriram – Joint Managing Director, Mr. Aditya Shriram – Deputy Managing 
Director, Mr. Amit Agarwal – CFO and Mr. Sanyog Jain – Deputy CFO of the 
company. 
We shall commence with remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Vikram 
Shriram. Members of the audience will get an opportunity to post their 
queries to the management following these comments and during the 
interactive question-and-answer session. 
Please note that some of the statements made on today's call could be 
forward-looking and a note to that effect has been included in the Conference 
Call Invitation that has been circulated earlier and is also available on the 
stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a brief overview. Over to 
you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking out 
time and joining us today to discuss the company performance based on our 
Q1 Financial Year 25 Results. I commence with views on the industry 
dynamics and our strategic direction, following which Vikram will share the 
financial Perspective. 
The global economy has become more resilient and is growing at 3.2% 
despite facing geopolitical conflicts, high interest rates and climate 
challenges. There can be uncertainties arising in future as the economic and 
geopolitical events unfold. India continues to maintain economic momentum 
and with policy continuity, the growth is set to further accelerate. The Union 
budget has laid out the growth agenda with focus on agriculture, 
employment, research and development and infrastructure, among other 
areas. We have aligned our strategy to focus on creating growth 
opportunities in businesses through capacity, capability, technology, new 
products and value addition. In order to address economic uncertainty, we 
continue to work towards making our operations more cost efficient. The 
initiatives that we have outlined are backed by a healthy balance sheet and 
are in line with our plan. 
Sustainability is the core element of our philosophy, which is well integrated 
into our operational and strategic pathways. Water and energy conservation 
are the core elements of our sustainability journey, along with social 
upliftment. 
I shall now move to the discussion on industry perspectives across our 
business lines. 
Chemicals Business: 
First is the chemicals business. Globally, the supply chain of caustic is 
balanced and the prices are stable, although on the lower side. There was an 
interim price uptick in the month of March ‘24, led by maintenance shut 
downs in the US that are now back in operation. India witnessed capacity 
coming online this quarter of more than 1200 tonnes per day, including ours 
taking the industry capacity to more than 6 million metric tonnes per year. 
Indian industry continues to operate at a healthy rate of about 80% excluding 
the recent capacity addition. This is resulting in an oversupply of caustic as 
well as chlorine in the market and therefore lower ECUs. India continued to 
be a net exporter of caustic this quarter as well. 
Our performance has been better both year-on-year and sequentially, mainly 
led by reduction in energy prices and higher volumes due to capacity 
addition. Prices have also been better during the quarter. We commissioned 
850 tonnes per day capacity in May 2024. The capacity ramp up will be 
gradual given the oversupply in the domestic market. The 120 MW captive 
power plant also got commissioned in June and has started contributing to a 
better cost efficiency. We are positive on the caustic and chlorine outlook 
over the medium term given the steady growth in the consuming industries. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Our hydrogen peroxide plant has started trial runs and is expected to be 
commissioned shortly. Epichlorohydrin plant will start trial run in the second 
quarter of this year. As this round of the CAPEX is nearing completion, we 
are actively working on starting activities on epoxy and other downstream 
products including chlorine downstream. 
Vinyl: 
Global demand for PVC in key economies is still sluggish. International PVC 
prices have firmed up mainly because of elevated sea freights due to the 
container shortages and the ongoing Red Sea issue. The domestic demand 
for PVC in India is robust and estimated to have grown by about 17% in this 
quarter in the wake of agriculture and construction activities. PVC imports in 
India accounted for about 68% of the demand and has grown by 21% in Q1 
Financial Year 24. Pricing improvement has been further supported by 
softening trend of input costs, especially energy costs. The prices may revert 
back gradually, once the increase in ocean freight reverses. 
Sugar and Ethanol: 
Global sugar demand and supply for sugar season ‘23-24 is expected to be 
balanced with the surplus of 1 million metric tonnes similar to that of the last 
season. Indian sugar season ‘23-24 is expected to end with the stock of 
about 8 million metric tonnes as compared to about 5 million metric tonnes in 
the last season. The increase in the stock is mainly attributed to restriction on 
sugar exports and limitations on diversion for ethanol production. Diversion of 
sugar to ethanol in current season is 2.5 million metric tonnes versus about 4 
million metric tonnes last year. 
Our cost of production has gone up due to increase in cane prices by UP 
government and adverse climatic conditions. While the price of sugar has 
increased, they are still not commensurate with the increase in the cost 
leading to margin pressure. 
On the ethanol front, Government of India is committed to its 20% ethanol 
blending target by 2025. For ethanol supply year ‘23-24, there is a good 
progress in ethanol blending with current blending rates at 12.7% despite 
restrictions on sugar-based ethanol. The grain based ethanol has surpassed 
sugar based ethanol led by maize as the feedstock. There is a need to have 
more rational and consistent government policy for sugar as well as ethanol, 
which balances the feedstock, supports the farmer, the industry, as well as 
the consumer. Sugarcane crushing capacity expansion at Loni and the CBG 
plant at Ajbapur Sugar Unit are moving as per agreed timelines. 
Fenesta Building System: 
The broad performance in the business remains encouraging with strong 
accretion in order booking. The elections in the first quarter had an impact on 
the real estate activity in the country, which slowed the growth momentum in 
the business. We are expanding across geographies and SKUs. The 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
business is investing in newer revenue platforms and capacity enhancement 
in order to deliver a healthy momentum on an expanded base. 
Now moving on to the agri businesses, which comprise of Shriram Farm 
Solutions, Fertilizers and the Bioseed business. 
 
Shriram Farm Solutions: 
SFS has maintained its growth momentum and its topline has grown in 
double digits. This growth is driven by all the business verticals namely 
seeds, crop protection and specialty plant nutrition. During this quarter, we 
have launched 6 new products in crop protection and specialty plant nutrition 
verticals. Out of which, two are from our own R&D and are first time launches 
in India. The growth focus of the business is led by our own R&D 
collaborations and exclusive arrangements to bring new age products and 
global technology to the Indian farmers. 
Fertilizers: 
The urea business environment continues to be stable. Our business 
performance has been lower because of maintenance shutdown taken in the 
current quarter. The gas prices are similar to the last year. We continuously 
focus on improving efficiencies including energy consumption. 
Bioseed: 
India operations continue to expand with help of novel hybrid for key crops 
that we have introduced over the last few years. International operations 
have contributed well too. We have a robust pipeline of products and with 
that, we are expecting to grow the business going forward. 
I would now request Vikram to take this forward by covering the financials. 
Vikram Shriram: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. 
Our Financial Performance during Q1 Financial Year ‘25 was in line with our 
expectations. 
Chemicals and Vinyl businesses saw improvement, backed by supporting 
cost of environment. Sugar and ethanol businesses, margins were under 
pressure due to cost increases that were not commensurate with the 
increases in market prices. Shriram Farm Solutions and Fenesta Building 
Systems businesses continue to grow and deliver. The CAPEX in chemicals 
business is nearing completion. The 850 TPD caustic capacity and 120 MW 
captive power plant have been commissioned during the quarter. We are 
confident of adding scale, newer products platforms and bringing further 
improvements in our cost structure. 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
I will now highlight the Financial Performance of Q1 FY25: 
The net revenues net of excise in this quarter were at Rs. 2,876 crore as 
compared to Rs. 2,780 crore in the previous year. The increase in revenues 
is mainly driven by Chloro-Vinyl segment, despite moderation in sugar 
business. Accordingly, PBDIT stood at Rs. 274 crore which is up by 49% 
year-on-year. 
Coming to Chloro-Vinyl: 
The revenue in Chloro-Vinyl segment increased by 15% and PBDIT was at 
Rs. 177 crore as against Rs. 33 crore last year.  
The Chlor-Alkali business revenues were up 18% year-on-year and PBDIT 
was up at Rs. 133 crore as compared to Rs. 36 crore last year due to higher 
volumes and significant savings in energy costs led by 44 MW renewable 
energy and lower coal costs. ECUs were slightly down by 2% year-on-year; 
however, were up by 8% quarter-on-quarter.  
Vinyl business revenues increased by 6% year-on-year and PBDIT was at 
Rs. 44 crore versus negative Rs. 3 crore last year. Volumes of both PVC and 
Carbide increased. PVC prices were up by 4% year-on-year and Carbide 
prices were down by 14% year-on-year. The input cost reduced during the 
quarter versus last year and sequentially, this has led to the better earnings.  
Further, there was a one-time positive impact of Rs. 16 crore each in 
Chemical and Vinyl businesses on account of reversal of electricity duty on 
auxiliary consumption of power in our power plants. 
Coming to Sugar Business: 
Sugar business revenues were in line with last year. Domestic volumes were 
also similar while sugar exports were nil this year as against 2 Lakh Quintals 
last year. PBDIT has decreased by 57% year-on-year to Rs. 38 crore on 
account of higher cost of production, mainly attributable to increase in SAP in 
the state of UP and adverse climatic conditions and lack of exports of sugar 
this year. Ethanol volumes have increased to 413 lakh liters representing 
15% increase year-on-year. Domestic sugar prices were at Rs. 3,900 per 
quintal, an increase of 6% year-on-year. 
Fenesta Building System: 
Fenesta Building Systems reported a growth of 7% year-on-year. PBDIT 
slightly moderated to Rs. 36 crore as compared to Rs. 40 crore in the last 
year on account of higher fixed costs incurred due to setting up of newer 
revenue platform and enhancing capacities and also due to higher sales 
promotion and business development expenses. Order book was up by 20% 
year-on-year. 
Shriram Farm Solutions: 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Shriram Farm Solutions revenues increased by 15% year-on-year, supported 
by both volumes and prices across the vertical. PBDIT for the quarter came 
in at Rs. 20 crore as against Rs. 11 crore last year, despite higher marketing 
spends directed towards strengthening the Shriram brand and higher R&D 
expenditure. 
In the Fertilizer business: 
The revenues declined by 13% year-on-year due to lower volume owing to 
maintenance shutdown taken between quarter 4 ‘24 and quarter 1 ’25. PBDIT 
was at Rs. 23 crore similar to last year. There was a one time net impact of 
Rs. 15 crore, positive, on account of reversals of provision. Fixed expenses 
were higher as a result of maintenance shutdowns. Outstanding fertilizer 
subsidy this year was Rs. 133 crore as against Rs. 83 crore in this period last 
year. 
Bioseed: 
Bioseed revenue is stable. PBDIT has improved to Rs. 29 crore from Rs. 23 
crore last year led by the product mix and prices.  
Our net debt as on 30th June 2024 is Rs. 1,459 crore as against Rs. 926 
crore as of 30th June 23 and Rs. 1,434 crore as on 31st March 24. 
With a strong balance sheet and healthy cash flows, we continue to evaluate 
adjacencies in our core businesses to strengthen and enhance our portfolio 
and look for other opportunities for growth and cost efficiencies. 
That concludes my opening remarks, and I would like to request the 
moderator to please open the forum for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Pratik Tholiya from Systematix. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Sir, just couple of questions. Firstly, in the chemicals, you said almost 1200 
TPD of additional capacity is coming which I think 850 belongs to yourself. 
And the presentation also you mentioned there is a good demand from end 
user industries. So, you could just talk a little bit about the end user industries 
where you are seeing this kind of demand and in how many quarters can we 
expect the entire additional capacity to get fully absorbed? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So, in chemicals actually for caustic soda as you may know, it is used 
across a wide variety of industries including textiles, paper and pulp, alumina, 
other organic, inorganic chemicals. So, it's sort of linked with GDP demand. If 
GDP is growing well, then the caustic demand also is expected to grow. So, 
we are very optimistic that while there is some over capacity in the short 
term. In the medium term, this capacity will all be absorbed comfortably. 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Pratik Tholiya: 
And sir with this whole logistics issue, I think the cost also would have gone 
up for import, anyone who's importing caustic. So, what would be the 
imported caustic price and does that mean that Indian industry would slightly 
be better off, so the domestic price should also catch up with the total price? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, Pratik, one, the imported prices are around $450 and frankly the imports 
are not very significant. If you see in the Q1, only about 40,000 tonnes of 
caustic got imported. So, there is no significant advantage coming as of now 
from exports because see the point is that it's the freight, freight is not being 
used either by the importer or the exporter. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Sure. And secondly, I see that in the sugar business kind of see a sharp 
decline in the profitability while sugar prices have also moved up. And so just 
trying to understand whether it is the sugar business which has seen lower 
profitability or whether there is something in ethanol because C-heavy, I think 
large part of it we would have done C-heavy ethanol, so, because of that 
there has been hit? If you could just explain within the sugar division whether 
it is in the sugar segment of the ethanol which has got hit? 
Amit Agarwal : 
So, as mentioned in the opening remarks as well, it is primarily in the sugar 
business, not ethanol. So, sugar got impacted one because there were no 
exports; last year same quarter, we exported about 2 Lakh tonnes and the 
cost of production went up and the selling price increase was not 
commensurate. So, that is the key reason. And the increase in SAP was 
about Rs. 20. So, to answer your question, it's primarily in the sugar 
business. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Some of the other competitors of your in the same business are in UP have 
not really highlighted a similar sort of cost pressure that you have 
experienced in this quarter. So, other than the Rs. 20 MSP and zero sugar 
exports, are there any other reasons which has led to a significant drop in the 
sugar profitability? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No. See one is this. The other is this recovery has been lower and that has 
been across UP. Most of the mills especially in our region, the recoveries also 
have been lower. So, that also led to a little higher cost. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
And sir lastly in Fenesta also again over year I am seeing margin 
compression of almost 400 basis points YoY. Can you just explain what has 
really happened over here? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, see one, if you look at contribution margins, they have been largely 
intact. Now as again mentioned in the opening remarks, the revenue growth 
has been lower than what we would have expected because of elections. And 
therefore what we witnessed was that although our retail business grew even 
quarter-on-quarter; however, the B2B business, which is largely to builders – 
the institutional segment that has, I mean I would say that had degrowth, 
although year-on-year it is grown, but sequentially there's been a degrowth. 
So, that is the reason I think which is temporary. It should get corrected, 
maybe we are still seeing some impact, but it should get corrected over next 
1-2 months. And the other thing is on the fixed cost which as we mentioned 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
it's like investment where we are investing for future growth. So, we have 2 
new factories which came up in last year and we also have facade business 
which was set up. So, all these add to the fixed cost along with the sales and 
business development cost. I think once if the revenue catches up, then it 
should be fine. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Understood. And sir did you say that project business was down? So, does it 
mean the project vertical has a higher margin versus retail? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, the retail business has the higher margin, but then ultimately it is the mix. 
So, if the volumes don't catch up, then obviously it will have an impact on the 
amount that is available to cover the fixed cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
My question was on the caustic volume growth. Can you give some sense 
where we have grown our volumes - is it on domestic part or export side this 
quarter, for the new capacity? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes. So, it is largely on the domestic front that we have grown and exports as 
well we have grown, so it's been on both in fact. Exports for us including lye 
and flakes last year in the same quarter was 0.092 million metric tonnes. This 
time it is 0.12 million metric tonnes in this Q1 FY25. So, we have grown on 
both, domestically and exports. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And can you mention the key countries where you are exporting as of now? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, it's largely going to the Middle East, Africa and the Southeast Asian 
countries. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And is there a sense on how much time it will take to ramp up the new 
capacity to optimum utilization? It will take more than a year or this by the 
end of this year, we should be able to do. 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, I think our entire team is focused on these efforts only to ramp up the 
capacity. I think we are seeing a steady growth in demand as well. So, we do 
expect that towards the end of the financial year, we will reach significant 
capacity utilization and by next year we will be able to reach optimal capacity 
utilization. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And on the cost side, it is very clear that energy cost has come down. Is there 
any decline in the salt prices for us? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Salt is only about 15% of the cost, so yes, there has been a decline, but the 
major impact comes from the energy cost. 
Ahmed Madha: 
On the ethanol side, how are you managing the feedstock availability for non-
sugar, whatever we need? Are we able to get the raw materials at a price 
where we can generate decent margins? So, how are we managing it? 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
So one, currently we are running on maize and we have a team which is 
procuring and we are procuring at a reasonable price and which is giving us 
reasonable margin. 
Ahmed Madha: 
On the epoxy, you mentioned that we'll plan it now. So, are we at the stage 
where we can give some guidance, how are we thinking about the business 
or is it too early? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, I think it is something which is being actively considered by the board and 
once the board takes a final decision on it, we'll be able to share that publicly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from Nippon 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Just on the ECU realization, you mentioned it has increased around 8% QoQ 
because of the stabilization in the prices and lower, you can say the power 
cost. Now with capacity coming up for you and you can say industry around 
close to around 1200 TPD in the industry. Do you think there will be pressure 
on the ECU or current level is sustainable and you can say the volume 
growth in the industry is also happening demand wise, we can gradually 
improve from current ECU? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, it is ofcourse difficult to predict prices going forward. As we've shared 
there has been significant capacity addition in the industry in the last 2 years. 
The capacity of the industry is now more than 6 million tonnes per annum. 
So, we do expect that in the short term, it will be range bound. The prices are 
on the lower side compared to earlier. But again in the medium term, we 
expect with the robust demand growth that prices will move up. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
And second thing on the in-house chlorine consumption which you can say is 
the additional capacity coming up – what is our plan to increase the in-house 
chlorine consumption and what is currently our percentage of the in-house 
chlorine consumption? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, along with our caustic soda expansion, we are expanding epichlorohydrin 
so that will consume you know a healthy amount of chlorine as well. We have 
expanded aluminum chloride also at our Baruch site. That again is the 
capacity ramp up is going on and we are consuming chlorine over there. So, 
along with captive consumption, for us a very important part is our pipeline 
customers and their growth journey, and our growth journeys have been in 
parallel over the last 20 years. So, they are valued customers of ours and in a 
way are the backbone for us as well. So, we look at it as captive consumption 
along with pipeline consumption. So, the two put together, we will be close to 
55% chlorine consumption and the remaining will be sold in the market.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
So, what is the pure captive consumption excluding pipeline? Because 
pipeline will still carry the negative realization depend on the chlorine price 
movement. And once our epichlorohydrin and other derivative products also 
commence in next 2 year and then what would be our in-house chlorine 
consumption?  

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, in Kota we have a PVC and stable bleaching powder as well. So, in Kota 
our captive chlorine consumption is close to 30% and in Bharuch our captive 
chlorine consumption will be close to 20%.  
Jignesh Kamani: 
And what it will increase once all the derivative capacity of epichlorohydrin 
and other will be utilized? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, this is including those capacity additions. But in parallel we are also 
evaluating other chlorine downstream opportunities as was mentioned in the 
opening remarks. Once the board approves those, those will also be 
commissioned in due course.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Gosani, an individual investor.  
Parth Gosani: 
My first question is regarding the ECH. When are we expecting it to get 
commissioned, any tentative date? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, towards the end of this quarter we will be ready with the trials for the 
plant and early next quarter the plant will be commissioned.  
Parth Gosani: 
And by when do we expect it to reach optimum?  
Aditya Shriram: 
So, typically the process is for ECH we have to get approvals from the 
customers. So, after the plant is commissioned that process of approvals 
from the customers will begin. So, we expect that towards Q3 and into Q4 of 
this financial year the plant will be running steadily. But the ramp up will still 
take some time. So, a lot of the material benefit we expect will come in the 
next financial year.  
Parth Gosani: 
And one bookkeeping question that I have is, we consume coal in our power 
plant. So, that comes under the power and fuel cost, or it goes into the raw 
material cost in the P&L? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Power and fuel cost.  
Parth Gosani: 
Power and fuel cost consumes the coal that we purchase for running up our 
plant, right?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama.   
Rohan Gupta: 
First question is further in chlorine downstream. So, even the current plan 
which you have you mentioned, 55% max including the pipeline, we will go in 
a captive consumption 45% kind of number still have to be sold outside which 
still remains a larger number given that in chlorine many more capacities are 
also coming. So, over next 3 to 4 years, do we have plans, internal strategy 
to go to 100% kind of chlorine internal consumption and if so then what kind 
of investment you think that will be required apart from epoxy which other 
product line you will be evaluating?  
Aditya Shriram: 
So, to answer your question, yes we are evaluating other chlorine 
downstream opportunities of various sizes and scales. So, it would not be 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
appropriate to comment on it until we have the approval from the board. But 
definitely, we are evaluating those actively and directionally we will look to 
increase our captive chlorine consumption. It might not reach 100% because 
we do want to remain in the market as well. But we will be increasing it 
continuously.  
Rohan Gupta: 
Last year many of the industrial chemical plants were facing disruption and 
under pressure because of China. So, your chlorine consumption would have 
also been impacted. How is the scenario now? Has the chlorine demand 
picked up? And in the current ECH realization improvement, I think it is 
primarily driven by caustic soda only. So, chlorine prices still remain negative 
or lower and when you expect them to improve? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, the chlorine prices continue to be negative. And in terms of, what we are 
seeing is that chlorine demand in the country over next 2 to 3 years we see it 
improving with a lot of chemical facilities coming in downstream. We 
ourselves are going to do a lot of downstream and we are seeing a lot of 
chemical capacities coming in. We should be consuming more and more 
chlorine. So, I feel this scenario should improve over the period, but it will 
take time.  
Rohan Gupta: 
So, you are saying that chlorine still will remain negative and so ECH may 
remain under pressure unless we see chlorine going into positive or a sharp 
improvement in caustic prices? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I am not too sure why should ECH get impacted? You're talking about ECU.  
Rohan Gupta: 
ECU, yes. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, yes to that extent ECU may have an impact definitely. And that is the 
reason we have been saying that for next few quarters we do see the ECU’s 
to be suboptimal. But what is important is that on cost side, we have taken 
steps ourselves in terms of investing on improving cost and efficiency and the 
energy costs are lower which we expect to remain sustainable and therefore 
we should see reasonable margins.  
Rohan Gupta: 
Next question is on our seed business. So, this year we have heard that 
there has been a shortage of seeds availability especially in cotton with the 
lower growing by the farmer, but we have seen growth and even further 
margin expansion in our business. So, do we also face any challenges in 
terms of the lower availability of seed and some outlook on that business for 
the current year?  
Amit Agarwal: 
The cotton seed even on the demand side there have been issues because 
the acreage of cotton planting has been lower this year, significant fall in the 
acreage of the cotton seed.  
Rohan Gupta: 
So, we understand that from some of the competitor, they have mentioned 
that there is a non-availability of cotton seed in the market though demand is 
strong. So, that's what I just wanted to clarify from you that because you have 
shown growth as well in seed business.  
Amit Agarwal: 
At least I can talk about our company, we have not encountered that. And 
what we understand from the industry is that the planting has been lower, so 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
there has been no shortage. So, that is one. And our performance has been 
good primarily because of the product mix and we are seeing good 
realizations for the seeds.  
Rohan Gupta: 
On ethanol business you mentioned that it's because of your capability to 
procure the raw material grain base at a competitive price thing, that is giving 
you still positive margin or profitability in ethanol. Otherwise, ethanol would 
have been under pressure. So, just wanted to know that, it's a basically 
procurement area wise benefit you have within your nearby 30 to 40- 50 km 
whatever area is there or any other benefit or there is surplus availability of 
raw material in your area that is driving the profitability in ethanol because 
otherwise we are hearing that the current grain prices and all ethanol is under 
pressure and not making money.  
Amit Agarwal: 
I am not too sure about the competition but as far as we are concerned one 
because maize-based ethanol prices also had gone up and we are procuring 
in the most competitive or most efficient way, I would say. It's not competitive, 
it is more about procuring efficiently, at the right time and which is helping us 
with reasonable margins. It can be better but they're reasonable.  
Rohan Gupta: 
So, can you give us a catchment area for maize or the procurement of grain 
for our refinery? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, it will come from let's say MP, Bihar partly UP.  
Rohan Gupta: 
So, all across I mean nothing like that within or maybe 30 km, 40-50 km 
catchment area, nothing like that.  
Amit Agarwal: 
No.  
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investments.   
Vignesh Iyer: 
My first question would be, I wanted to know what is our total electricity, that 
is power and fuel that is consumed for the quarter coming from captive 
consumption, I mean coming from captive power? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Majority of our power is captive.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
So, that includes the 120 MW that has been commissioned in June. I mean 
would that 120 MW create a surplus type situation in Quarter 2?  
Amit Agarwal: 
No, it doesn't create a surplus. It's about balancing the various power sets we 
have. So, the 120 MW has been put up once all the capacities that we are 
bringing in, once all of them are fully operational at 90% capacity utilization. 
So, we will be fully integrated on power. But as of now yes, we will see which 
set is more efficient and run the sets accordingly. So, 120 being the most 
efficient set will have the maximum utilization and maybe another set, we 
have that capability because we have sets of 50 MW, 60 MW. We will see 
whichever is less efficient we will reduce the load on that set. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So, this 120 MW what is the nature of the power? I mean the plant that is 
commissioned. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, it is a thermal power plant. The raw material is fossil based, so that is 
coal and lignite and also biomass based. So, it's a combination of these fuels.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
So, if I got it right, I mean say in a non-rainy time you probably prefer for a 
renewable power since it is more efficient, and less cost compared to having 
to use coal? If I got it right, the idea is that ?  
Ajay Shriram: 
I'll just put it this way that we already have a contract to get 44 MW of 
renewable power. But when you look at it on a 24 hours basis because you 
can't get renewable power 24 hours. So, on an average we get about 24-25 
MW of renewable power based on banking and getting it back. So, we are 
already using renewable power. We are exploring can we get more 
renewable power also. But this coal-based power plant also especially 120, 
the new one, that price is also very competitive in terms of cost of production 
of power.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
Also, coming on the PVC side of it how has the price panned out in July as 
compared to June?  
Amit Agarwal:  
So, the current prices are around Rs. 84,000-85,000. So, the international 
price also has come off. So, let's say in June they were around $980. 
Currently they are about $910 per metric ton. And domestic prices around Rs. 
84,000-85,000.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
And all this movement from May to June and June to July has been primarily 
because of freight only, right?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepika, an individual investor.   
Deepika: 
My question is relating to the power cost. Would you be able to quantify what 
are the cost savings due to power in the chemicals business this quarter?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, it's difficult to give you that number right away. Maybe you can contact us 
separately through our investor relations cell. We will give you the details.  
Deepika: 
And what would be the outlook for the chemicals business with the remaining 
part of the year? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, like we've shared earlier as well, in the last year or so the chemicals 
industry at an overall level has been under pressure. But now we are seeing 
that there should be a bottoming out. So, we expect it to be steady or 
gradually improve in the coming quarters.  
Deepika: 
And do we expect exports to open or we have no comments on that for 
sugar?  
Ajit Shriram: 
For sugar right now, there are extensive talks taking place with the 
government for allowing exports because as said in the opening remarks, last 
year our sugar stock on 30th of September was 5 million tons. And this year is 
going to between 8-9 million tons. So, we are trying to push for exports and 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
our constant dialogue is on with the government, the old government and the 
new government.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Singh from Robo Capital.   
Aditya Singh: 
Until when do we expect to commercially commence the hydrogen peroxide 
and the ECH plants and what would be the optimum revenue potential from 
both the plants?  
Amit Agarwal: 
As we mentioned that the trials for hydrogen peroxide plant have begun and 
we expect the hydrogen peroxide plan to commission in this quarter itself 
which is Q2. And for epichlorohydrin, we should commission the trials in this 
quarter which is Q2 and commercial production should start in the Q3, maybe 
early Q3 we should start commercial production.  
Aditya Singh: 
And what would be the revenue potential for both the plants?  
Amit Agarwal: 
For epichlorohydrin as we mentioned earlier, epichlorohydrin takes time to 
stabilize and to get the confirmations from the customers. We may not see 
very significant revenue coming or significant contribution to bottom line 
coming in this financial year. And most of it will happen in the next financial 
year. Hydrogen peroxide, my sense is if you look at second half of the year, 
we should have close to about 40%-50% capacity utilization.  
Aditya Singh: 
And regarding that 850 TPD caustic capacity that we commissioned in May 
‘24. So, that led to a dip in the overall capacity utilization. So, for the entire 
year FY25, what capacity utilization do we see in this segment?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, the point is as you've seen, the overall production has gone up. Given the 
additional; it will all depend how much capacity we utilize depending on 
market conditions and the new capacity is coming in. So, we do expect that 
the additional capacity that has come that is about 850 TPD for let's say 
second half of the year, we should reach close to about 50% or 40% to 50% 
there as well.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shantanu Naik from HCMR.   
Shantanu Naik: 
I wanted to ask what would be the ECU pricing for this quarter?  
Aditya Shriram: 
It's, always hard to predict the pricing going forward. Current ECUs are in the 
Rs. 27,000-28,000 range and we expect it to be range bound or improve 
gradually.  
Shantanu Naik: 
And second question is what would be the current contribution of chlorine 
derivatives in our revenue?  
Aditya Shriram: 
There would not be any general number which applies to all. It is a case-to-
case basis. So, anytime we evaluate any product we look at it giving a 
healthy return and then we move forward with those decisions.  
Shantanu Naik: 
But still any ballpark figure in your mind?  

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Aditya Shriram: 
As I said it will depend product to product. So, it's hard to give a number like 
that in general for chlorine downstream.  
Shantanu Naik: 
And I just wanted to ask, I have been looking at the margins for SFS vertical, 
so why are they on a decline sequentially? Any specific reasons for that. 
Amit Agarwal: 
That is because of seasonality. And I don't think there is a decline frankly. 
Sequentially if you see March is not the season or March quarter is not the 
season for that business. So, that's not the representative either and actually 
the margins have not declined for that business sequentially.  
Shantanu Naik: 
But if we see a previous quarter were 11%, before that it was 14%. So, I was 
just confused on that, so I asked.  
Amit Agarwal: 
No worries. I think this is a more specific question. So, maybe we have to go 
vertical by vertical. You can connect with our investor relations department 
and they will give you the details.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Singh from Robo Capital.   
Aditya Singh: 
I got dropped accidentally. I was asking that because of the addition of 850 
TPD caustic capacity, the total capacity utilization has gone down. So, for the 
full year FY25 where do we see the capacity city utilization for this segment, 
caustic soda?  
Amit Agarwal: 
As I mentioned that in the second half of the year, the expanded capacity we 
should see a 40% to 50% capacity utilization. And the existing capacity, 
which is close to about 1800 tons per day, we should be utilizing about 80%-
85%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you sir.  
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation 
in our earnings conference call. We continue to be guided by our philosophy 
of growing through capacity, capability, technology, new products and value 
addition. Further with our commitment towards the environment and society, 
we keep sustainability integrated into our business practices. We strive to 
create long lasting value for our stakeholders along with delivering better 
earnings and growth. Thank you very much once again for participating in our 
Conference Call today.   
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of DCM Sriram Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
