 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
Registered Office: 21st Floor, One Unity Center, Senapati Bapat Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400013, India |T: +91 22 69477000 / 69477150 I F: +91 2269477001/69477090 
W: www.hindalco.com |E: hilinvestors@adityabirla.com | Corporate ID No.: L27020MH1958PLC011238 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 500440  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Scrip Code: HINDALCO 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Scrip Code: US4330641022  
 
Sub:   Transcript of Earnings Conference call of Hindalco Industries Limited (‘the Company’) for the financial 
results of quarter ended June 30, 2024 
Ref:   
a. Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’);  
b. ISIN: INE038A01020 and 
c. Our Intimation dated August 1, 2024 
 ________________________________________________________________________________  
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on August 13, 2024 
for the financial results of quarter ended June 30, 2024 is enclosed herewith.  
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the 
website of the Company i.e. www.hindalco.com   
 
Sincerely, 
 
for Hindalco Industries Limited  
 
 
 
Geetika Anand 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GEETIKA 
RAGHUNAN
DAN ANAND
Digitally signed by 
GEETIKA 
RAGHUNANDAN 
ANAND 
Date: 2024.08.20 
19:28:22 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
“Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH PAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – HINDALCO 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN MAHESHWARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. STEVE FISHER – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NOVELIS 
MR. DEV AHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NOVELIS 
 
MR. SUBIR SEN – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hindalco Industries' Financial Year 2025 First 
Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference call over to Mr. Subir Sen, Head of Investor Relations at Hindalco. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Subir Sen: 
Thank you, and a very good afternoon or morning, everyone. On behalf of Hindalco Industries, 
I welcome you all to the earnings call for the first quarter of financial year 2025. In this call, we 
will refer to the Q1 financial year 2025 investor presentation available on our company's website. 
Some of the information on this call may be forward-looking in nature and is covered by the 
safe harbor language on slide number two of the said presentation. 
 
In this presentation, we have covered the key highlights of our consolidated performance for the 
first quarter of the financial year 2025 versus the corresponding period of the previous year. The 
segment-wise comparative financial analysis of Novelis, Indian aluminum and copper business 
is also provided. The corresponding segment information for prior periods is also restated 
accordingly for a comparative analysis. 
 
Today, we have on this call from Hindalco's management, Mr. Satish Pai, Managing Director; 
and Mr. Praveen Maheshwari, Chief Financial Officer. From Novelis' management, we have Mr. 
Steve Fisher, President and CEO; and Mr. Dev Ahuja, Chief Financial Officer. Following this 
presentation, this forum will be open for question and answers. Post this call, an audio replay of 
this conference call will also be available on our company's website. Now let me turn this call 
to Mr. Pai to take you through the company's performance in quarter 1. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you, Subir. Thank you for joining Hindalco's earnings call today. Let me start with our 
achievements, progress and some key highlights across the metrics of ESG for this quarter versus 
the prior period on slide 4 to 8 of this presentation. 
 
In the first quarter of financial year 2025, 97% of the total waste generated were recycled and 
reused. We achieved recycling of 138% of bauxite residue excluding Utkal, 106% of Ash in this 
period. We are steady fast in our efforts to reach net water positivity of 2050. Till date, we have 
initiated various projects, including desalination and other water recycling projects to minimize 
our freshwater consumption and maximize water reuse. 
 
Specifically, in our copper business, we have seen remarkable progress. The Dahej desalination 
project, coupled with our tertiary water recycling units have enabled a significant reduction in 
freshwater consumption. We have successfully reduced freshwater usage from 19.5 million 
cubic meters per ton of metal in the first quarter of FY '24 to just 8.1 million cubic meters per 
ton, a notable achievement in our sustainability journey. 
 
This year, we have recycled and reused 4.6 million cubic meters of wastewater, accounting for 
24% of the total water consumed in our Indian operation. I'm also pleased to announce that 
Mouda has become the first plant of Hindalco to receive the prestigious CII GreenCo Water 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Neutrality certificate in this quarter. Furthermore, 15 out of our 19 plants now operate with zero 
liquid discharge(ZLD), a critical component of our water sustainability strategy. We are on track 
to commission the Kuppam ZLD project by third quarter of this financial year, further enhancing 
our efforts to minimize our environmental impact. 
 
In biodiversity, we have launched a pilot project at our Renukoot plant aimed at removing 
invasive species and reintroducing native plants. These invasive species are being sent to the 
paper mills for pulp production as a part of our commitment towards circular economy. As part 
of our ESG disclosure, we are set to publish our task force on nature related financial disclosures, 
TNFD report by the end of next quarter. In terms of our progress on renewables, we have 
commissioned 173 megawatts of solar and wind till date. Further 16 megawatts of solar projects 
are under execution and expected to be completed by quarter two and another 9 megawatts by 
quarter four of this financial year. 
 
Our 100 megawatts hybrid power project is on course and expected to be commissioned by H1 
calendar year 2025. Our aluminum specific greenhouse gas emission was recorded at 19.41 tons 
of CO2 per ton of aluminum in this quarter, flattish compared to the same period last year. On 
safety, our LTIFR in India was recorded at 0.4 in the first quarter of the financial year 2025, 
which was a bit higher compared to quarter 1 of last year. We continue to focus on reduction of 
LTIFR by continuously upgrading our safety enhancements and monitoring systems. We are sad 
that there was 1 fatality of a contract workmen that was recorded at our Indian operations this 
quarter. 
 
Let me now give you a glimpse of our quarterly consolidated performance this quarter versus 
the same quarter of last year on Slide 10. This quarter's performance on a consolidated basis was 
driven by normalized demand for beverage packaging sheet at Novelis, better cost control in the 
aluminum India business backed by a continuous record performance by the copper business. 
Our consolidated business segment EBITDA was up 42% year-on-year at ₹8,578 crores, 
whereas our overall reported EBITDA was up 31% year-on-year at ₹7,992 crores. The 
consolidated net profit after tax was up 25% on a year-on-year basis at ₹3,074 crores.  
                                                At the Hindalco India business level, excluding Novelis, our overall reported EBITDA was up 
55% year-on-year at ₹3,840 crores. The net profit after tax was up 102% on a year-on-year basis 
at ₹1,957 crores.  
                                                Our Indian aluminum business is currently hedged at around 22% commodity at a price of 
$2,550 per ton for the financial year 2025 and around 15% of the commodity at a zero collar 
with the bottom of $2,258 and a ceiling of $2,539 per ton. 11% of the currency is hedged at 
₹88.43 per dollar. On the balance sheet, our consolidated net debt stands at ₹35,530 crores. In 
the India operations, we have net cash of ₹1,770 crores, while the Novelis net debt stands at 
₹38,226 crores at the end of June 2024. Hindalco, at the consolidated level maintained a strong 
balance sheet with net debt-to-EBITDA well below 2x at 1.24 at the end of June 2024, which is 
lower than the corresponding period of last year. 
 
All our strategic capex in India is mapped with the cash flow generation in the business and are 
in line with our capital allocation policy. Coming to our business-wise performance this quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Novelis shipments were at 951 Kt versus 879 Kt in the prior period, up 8% year-on-year due to 
normalized demand for the beverage packaging sheet. Novelis delivered a quarterly EBITDA of 
$500 million, up 19% year-on-year, driven by higher shipments and favorable product pricing. 
The resultant EBITDA per ton stood at $525 versus $479 in the previous quarter, up 10% year-
on-year. 
 
All our expansion projects, including the Bay Minette project in Novelis are on track with the 
new 240 Kt automotive recycling and casting center at Guthrie began commissioning this 
quarter. However, an unprecedented weather event in Novelis Europe at the end of June, caused 
significant flooding at its Sierre, Switzerland plant. Fortunately, all of our employees were safely 
evacuated, though production has been halted since June 30. We currently estimate the plant to 
be back up and running at the end of the second quarter. 
 
On Hindalco India's upstream aluminum performance this quarter, shipments were down 4% 
year-on-year and revenues were up 10% year-on-year. EBITDA was up 81% year-on-year at 
₹3,493 crores, primarily supported by lower input costs and favorable macros. The resultant 
EBITDA per ton stood at $1,273, higher by 84% year-on-year. EBITDA margins were also 
higher at 40% this quarter and continue to be the best in the global industry. 
 
This quarter, the Indian downstream aluminum quarterly shipments were up 18% year-on-year 
at 96 Kt in this quarter on account of market recovery. EBITDA was down 19% year-on-year at 
₹110 crores this quarter versus ₹135 crores in the prior period. The resultant EBITDA per ton 
was at $138 per ton lower by 32% year-on-year this quarter, impacted by unfavorable product 
mix and lower realization. 
 
Our copper business continued to deliver its best-ever performance this quarter as well. The 
overall metal shipments were at 119 Kt, up 1% year-on-year of which CCR volumes were at 100 
Kt, up 2% year-on-year. The quarterly copper EBITDA was at an all-time high of ₹805 crores, 
up 52% year-on-year on account of higher shipments, better realization and robust operations. 
 
Now let me give you a glimpse of the current broader economic environment on Slide 12 and 
13. Global economic growth remains resilient despite some moderation in pace. IMF projects 
the GDP growth to remain steady in 2024 at 3.2% compared to 3.3% in 2023 on moderating 
inflation, accommodative financial condition and rising global trade. Growth in advanced 
economies is projected at 1.7% in 2024 in line with 2023. And growth in the emerging market 
economies is projected at 4.3% in 2024, moderating slightly from 4.4% in 2023. While growth 
in the U.S. appears to be moderating from 2023 levels, growth in the euro area appears to have 
bottomed out and is expected to accelerate going forward. 
 
Despite moderating activity in China, Emerging Asia continues to remain the main engine of 
global growth accounting for almost half of the global growth in 2024. IMF projects global 
headline inflation to moderate from 6.7% in 2023 to 5.9% in 2024. Disruptions to disinflation, 
past fiscal challenges, rising geopolitical tension and climate change remain key risks to 
economic growth. On the domestic front, economic activity continues to be resilient. Going 
forward, the RBI projects GDP growth to remain at robust 7.2% in FY '25. High capacity 
utilization, healthy balance sheets of banks and corporates, sustained manufacturing and service 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
activity and the government's continued thrust on infrastructure spending suggests a positive 
outlook. 
 
Union budget's focused on fiscal prudence, job creation and capex will also continue to support 
this economic momentum. However, risk to outlooks arise from geopolitical tension, 
fluctuations in international commodity prices and geoeconomic fragmentation. RBI projects 
inflation to decline to 4.5% in FY '25 from 5.4% in FY '24. However, volatility in food prices 
and crude oil prices present downside risk to the disinflation process. Headline inflation has 
moderated from its peak, though not uniformly. The RBI does remain cautious and is committed 
to maintaining the 4% inflation target. 
 
Moving on to the aluminum industry outlook on Slide 14 and 15. In Q2 calendar year '24, 
Chinese production remained steady at 10.6 million tons, while consumption rose to 11.3 million 
tons, resulting in a deficit of 0.7 million tons. This 3% growth in consumption was led by 
increase in solar installation, in EV production and electrical grid investments. Coming to the 
rest of the world, Q2 calendar year production was at 7.3 million tons and consumption at 6.9 
million, resulting in a surplus of 0.4 million tons. In Q2 calendar year '24, consumption declined 
by 1% due to ongoing softness in Europe, Middle East and Japan, offset by strong growth in 
India and a moderate recovery in North America. Therefore, the overall global production was 
at 17.9 million tons and consumption was at 18.2 million tons, resulting in a deficit of 0.3 million 
tons in Q2 CY '24. 
 
In Q1 FY '24, domestic demand for aluminum reached 1319 Kt, marking a robust 15% year-on-
year growth. This strong performance was primarily driven by increase in demand in the 
Electrical segment, particularly in cables and conductors as well as rising demand of aluminum 
in the solar sector. There was a significant rise in the domestic demand from the packaging 
industry, industrial machinery and consumer durable segments. 
 
However, the automotive sector saw slightly muted demand primarily due to softness in 
passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles. The global aluminum FRP demand excluding 
China is expected to grow by 4% in calendar year '24 with demand recovery across all major 
segments of beverage packaging, automotive, specialty and aerospace between CAGRs of 4% 
to 7% over the next 3 to 4 years. Near-term demand in our latest end market, beverage packaging 
remains quite positive, particularly in North America and is improving in South America and 
Europe as well. 
 
Global automotive demand remains broadly stable even amidst some ongoing macro challenges. 
Demand for premium aerospace plate and sheet remains solid over the long term, reflecting 
strength from the growing OEM build rates supported by multiyear backlog for aircraft 
deliveries. The Indian FRP demand in financial year '25 is expected to grow by around 7% to 
8% on a year-on-year basis. This increase is led by strong demand from packaging, automotive 
and Building & Construction segments. 
 
Turning to the copper industry on Slide 17 and 18. In Q2 CY '24, Chinese production remained 
flat year-on-year at 2.8 million tons, whereas consumption declined by almost 3% year-on-year 
at 3.8 million tons, resulting in a deficit of 1 million tons. In the rest of the world, production 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
increased by 6% year-on-year at 3.6 million tons, whereas consumption was flattish year-on-
year at 2.8 million tons, resulting in a surplus of 0.8 million tons in Q2 calendar year '24. 
Therefore, the overall global production of copper increased by 3% year-on-year at 6.4 million 
tons while consumption declined by 1% year-on-year at 6.6 million tons, resulting in a deficit of 
about 0.2 million tons in Q2 calendar year '24. 
 
On the domestic side, in Q1 financial year '25, market demand increased by approximately 4% 
year-on-year at 2.1 Kt versus 194 Kt in Q1 financial year '24. Domestic producer shares 
increased to 73% in Q1 FY '25 versus 71% in the same period of last year. In Q1 FY '25, the 
availability of concentrates remains constrained. On the demand side, numerous smelters are 
either advancing or prolonging maintenance shutdown and reducing utilization rates to reduce 
demand of copper concentrate. Looking ahead, the spot TC/RCs are suspected to stay low due 
to the ongoing limited supply of copper concentrate. 
 
Details of the operational and financial performance in each of our business segments this 
quarter compared to the corresponding period of last year as well as previous quarters are 
covered in further slides and annexures to this presentation. 
 
Now let me conclude today's presentation through some key takeaways and our way forward. 
We continue to scale up the aluminum downstream operations with our Silvassa extrusion plant 
ramping up successfully and our Aditya FRP expansion project remaining on track with the 
target commissioning in FY '26. These expansions will take our downstream capacity to 6,000 
Kt, reinforcing our commitments towards growth and margin expansion. 
 
Our financial health remains robust, providing a solid foundation to support our organic growth. 
Our strong balance sheet is a key enabler as we continue to invest in our organic strategic growth 
initiatives. Our major capital formation phase in downstream business is nearing completion and 
from here on, we will focus on growth opportunities in the upstream business in both aluminum 
and copper. 
 
Sustainability remains at the core. I'm happy to say that we have now achieved 57% of our 300 
megawatts target in renewables by 2026. Our current renewable energy capacity has reached 
173 megawatts. We are on track to commission additional 100-megawatt hybrid project, 
including storage by the first half of calendar year '25. The key focus for us is completions of 
Novelis Bay Minette project, which remains on schedule and is expected to be completed in the 
second half of calendar year '26. 
 
This project will be a significant driver for our future growth and innovation. In June, we began 
commissioning a highly advanced automotive recycling center in North America that will 
increase our ability to utilize more pre and post consumer automotive scrap. And in July, we 
announced UBC recycling expansion at our Latchford U.K. recycling center. Both of these 
investments shall help to increase recycled content of our products while reducing carbon 
emissions. We continue making steady progress across a number of strategic capital investments 
that will strengthen our business for the future. With that, I'd like to thank you for your attention 
and open the forum up for any questions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.  
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My first question is on the cost side. Can you guide as to what is our expectation on movement 
of various cost items for the aluminum business over the next quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
So on consumption basis our cost for Q1 compared to Q4 was down by 2%. And largely, that's 
because coal costs came down, but so did some of the carbon costs. I think that in Q2 versus Q1, 
it will be flattish to 1% up because normally during monsoons, the spot auction prices of coal 
tend to go up, and caustic prices have also gone up a little bit. So Q2 to Q1, I think, will be flat 
to 1%. But Q1 to Q4, we were down by 2%. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, what would be our mix of e-auction and linkage? And is there any further juice 
left in terms of cost reduction from coal as our linkage increases and e-auction reduces? 
Satish Pai: 
So look, I don't think that in the near term -- we are about 48% linkage, about 49% to 50% e-
auction. And I don't think that, that mix is going to change so much in the coming year. I think 
what's going to make a difference is when our own Chakla mine starts because that's the time 
when we will get some fixation on our coal costs on a steady basis going forward. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, my second question is with respect to few upstream projects in 
aluminum division. I think last year, we had put it under future opportunities. But now given the 
balance sheet has become net cash, if you could just elaborate on which are the projects which 
we could take and what sort of capex on an annual basis we are looking at for FY '25, I think it 
is well guided but for FY '26, '27. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think that that's why I put in my prepared remarks, the downstream capex, both with 
Silvassa and the FRP phase 2. Now we will be looking at the alumina expansion in Odisha. We 
will be looking at a copper smelter -- I'm giving it in the sort of terms of priority. And then we 
are looking at 180 pot smelter expansion in Aditya with the renewable hydrid starting there in 
January. So these are the 3 large upstream projects that are on our radar screen now. And each 
one of them is about an ₹8,000 crores project. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Okay. So is it happening one after the other, whenever we take it up? Or given our balance 
sheet strength, we can simultaneously work on these? 
Satish Pai: 
No. I think that we have -- look, all of these require ECs, public clearance, statutory clearances. 
So it's not just the availability of the cash, there is a practicality of execution as well. So the 
alumina refinery is the first of the block. The second probably will be the copper smelter because 
there's a real shortage of copper in the country. And in January, we will get the pumped hydro 
project starting in Aditya. So we will get clarity on the green power as well. So we are doing the 
engineering work in the background for the 180 pot expansion. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. And sir, if we start for FY '26, generally, it's going to be 2 to 3 years of construction time 
before commissioning? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a good performance. I have a couple of questions. The first one is on copper. 
Now if I look at the copper's EBITDA trajectory evolution. I mean we were used to seeing 
EBITDA at ₹400 crores roughly a few quarters back, went to ₹500 crores, ₹600 crores and 
finally ₹805 crores. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that TC/RC margins could be 
under pressure because of constraints in concentrate availability. So first of all, what prompted 
this super performance? And what should be the sustainable EBITDA number that we should 
see going ahead? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think on the copper, what is important to note is that we are now selling a lot more copper 
rod. We are importing copper cathodes besides our own cathode. So if you look at our total sales 
in the copper for this year, we'll be selling more than 515 Kt, whereas our production of cathodes 
is about 380 to 400. So because the copper demand in the country is so high, and we have the 
copper rod capacity to make more rods. So we are taking full advantage of our capacity and 
selling more copper rod to the market at very good realization. 
 
So that is an important part from a market point of view. And that increase thing means that 
from that 400 levels, we are quite clear now that the baseline for copper is going to be at the 
₹600 crores level. The ₹800 crores, there is also some amount of derivative accounting numbers 
in there, which could probably change in the coming quarters. So I think that what you should 
be modeling going forward is more like the ₹600 crores. Copper has got quite a lot of derivative, 
we do offset hedging. So there will be some noise when the LME is fluctuating so much. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Sir, is it possible to quantify the gain from hedging copper division in this quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
I don't know if I would cast just a gain because it can go both plus and minus. That's why I think 
that rather than give you the numbers quarter-to-quarter, I would rather say that you should 
model around ₹600 crores. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Understood. The second question is downstream aluminum. So EBITDA per ton has 
declined pretty swiftly if I look at compared to last quarter than last year, while you have 
mentioned that there has been little bit of challenge on certain sectors. If you could highlight 
which sector was it and the outlook going ahead for this particular division? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. So it was not any particular sector. What happened is the product mix. So we had to fulfill 
some orders of products that were at a lower conversion premium. Normally, we would have 
done it through outsourced vendors, but this time, we had to do it with our plant. So that's why 
the EBITDA per ton for those products went down. So the outlook for Q2 is extremely strong. 
So we have already seen July. So you will see the EBITDA per ton bouncing back in quarter 2. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
A couple of questions. First, continuing on Amit's question on downstream. While we have 
commissioned everything, and we are at about, say, 600 Kt, what could be the steady-state 
profitability that we can look at just on downstream eliminating the metal price lag? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Satish Pai: 
So once we have fully commissioned the FRP phase A and Silvassa is fully ramped up. So 600 
kt into $200 per ton is roughly the number you should work with. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. And in bauxite, any clarity on availability as we head on to the next leg of alumina 
expansion? So is it likely from OMC? And what is the kind of contracts, have we entered into 
those contracts already? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. You remember, we had signed an MOU with OMC. So we are currently working on 
finalizing the bauxite contract from Kodingamali. And just to be clear, with that contract signed, 
then only we'll break ground for the refinery, not before. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
On a industry level, if you look at one of your competitors, the largest alumina producer in India 
is also expanding alumina capacity without captive bauxite, do you think at some stage, we 
would, as a country need to import more bauxite or run at lower utilization in the alumina 
facilities? 
Satish Pai: 
I think honestly, I cannot comment for others, but I could just say that there is sufficient bauxite 
in India. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. Lastly, any update on commissioning of coal blocks, Chakla, Meenakshi? 
Satish Pai: 
So we are working through it and let -- it'd fair to say that the going is quite difficult. I mean we 
are trying to get the Stage 1 and Stage 2 forest clearances, trying to get the CA land. We have 
actually just met the Ministry and the minister to ask for help in expediting this process. But it 
is, to be frank, quite a rather tough going to get all this Stage 1, Stage 2 forest clearances. So we 
are working through that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from AMBIT Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
A couple of questions. First, Mr. Pai just wanted to check on the IPO, obviously, there was a 
thought behind it and it didn't go through. Just wanted to understand, I believe as we looked at 
the road show presentations, the thought was that being a market leader in all the other industries, 
market leaders command a significant premium. When you marketed and the response you got, 
was it a big disconnect between your ask and what the market you believe was giving you this? 
And then unless you maybe get that ask in future the -- it's safe to assume that you will not go 
for a listing unless you have that valuation that you had in mind? That's is the first question. 
Satish Pai: 
So I think the first thing I will say is that our whole target for this IPO, as you said, was to get a 
premium valuation for Novelis. I think what was clear is that at that time, with those market 
conditions going on, we were not able to get that valuation. And hence, we pulled it back because 
we were not doing it for cash. We didn't need it. We wanted it -- to do it for the valuation. So I 
think that the -- we will, at the appropriate time, reevaluate. And it will be fair to say that we 
would only list Novelis when we get the valuation we want. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Secondly, wanted to ask on the recent Supreme Court verdict. I mean, right now, we're 
waiting whether it's going to be retrospective or not. Just wanted to see, as you look at the orders 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
in the past, is there any estimate, let's say, it is indeed retrospective, what could be the potential 
liability? Because like we couldn't see that in the report just wanted to see any continued liability. 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. There is -- for us from a retrospective basis, we have negligible liability. I think that for 
us, we will only be concerned on an ongoing basis. Jharkhand has already announced some, so 
I'm quite sure other states will also do. So, I think that it's only on an ongoing basis where rate 
of taxes will go up. But from a retrospective basis, we are not -- no impact for us. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
There's no demand to the bauxite, the Baphlimali mine or something. Any -- no demand basically 
in the past from -- through that mine? 
Satish Pai: 
No. No. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Just one quick clarification question. It seems there is a delay on the RE RTC, maybe it's 
the Greenko's Pinnapuram project, there have been delays. So based on the discussions, it seems 
they've given you a revised time line of January. Is that fair? And I would believe after you test 
it out, maybe a few months of testing. After that, you would announce the next leg of expansion 
prospective? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think that January, they will start to provide the solar and the wind and the pumped hydro 
will come in, in a couple of months. So yes, I mean for us, we will see how that whole balancing 
works. As I mentioned in the earlier remark, we are already working in parallel for the 
engineering studies and the different clearances we will need. So yes, after we are sort of more 
or less clear about how the power will work, we'll announce the smelter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, a couple of questions. First, sir, what is our total bauxite requirement at this point in time? 
And where are we sourcing it from? 
Satish Pai: 
Total bauxite, see, for us, we are long in alumina by nearly 800,000 tons, largely because of 
Utkal. And the way our bauxite is sourced is we get 10% to 12% of the bauxite from Jharkhand 
and all the rest from Odisha. Odisha meaning Baphlimali because that's the biggest mine. So 
that's how we are -- now when we announce the Aditya Alumina, we have to sign the contract 
with OMC for bauxite supply for that refinery. We have signed an MOU and we will convert it 
to a firm contract. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, can you provide some color on OMC bauxite offtake? Because I understand there are peers 
also who are actually eying for this particular incremental supplies from OMC. So how well are 
we placed over here? And the other question was, I do understand we have won 2 mines, both 
are composite leases, pretty large in size 600-hectares each. At what stage these mines are? And 
how it will help on the sufficiency part? 
Satish Pai: 
You're talking -- the latter part of your question is the coal mine, right? 
Ritesh Shah: 
No, sir, the bauxite mine. I did ask this question, I think, on the last or last to last call, I double-
checked my data points. The 2 mines are in Chhattisgarh. One is... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, yes, you're talking about Samri, you're right. We got 2 more mines in Samri. So those we 
are still doing the sort of evaluation work. But the Samri and all goes to Renukoot. So the -- 
unless we do an expansion there, we took those mines more for the longetivity of the bauxite 
supply to Renukoot, not for any immediate demand. And for the OMC, whether others are there, 
OMC is a -- Odisha Mining Corporation, they have, I guess, many mines that they can access. 
So they have signed an MOU for us, which is the basis of our refinery project there. So we would 
just like to conclude our contract. I could not really comment on what others are going to get 
from OMC. 
Ritesh Shah: 
But sir, do we have any assured offtake quantum over here that we have comfort and we can 
progress on? 
Satish Pai: 
We signed an MOU for a fixed -- because we wanted to put a 1 million ton alumina refinery, so 
we need to get 3 million tons of bauxite. So we signed an MOU for that. And then the second 
part is that we would go to 2 million tons of alumina and it will become 6 million tons. And 
OMC and us have to sign a binding supply agreement. Otherwise, we will not break ground. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes, that's useful. And sir, just another question, just taking a leaf out of Satya's question. You 
indicated that you will start with solar and wind in Jan. And post that, it will be pumped hydro. 
What are the specific variables that we are looking at over here before we kickstart on the smelter 
part of the equation? 
Satish Pai: 
See, really, the smelter requires 24/7 steady power. And what we are trying to get a handle on is 
that during a 24-hour period, you will have various power sources that need to be optimized to 
make that power to the smelter, steady, because solar will be for a x number of hours very high, 
then wind will be there, then pumped hydro. And the delta will have to be backed up by thermal, 
which is our own captive. So we just want to run our existing smelter for a couple of months 
with this variability to see how we manage it all. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, my question was basically from a rupees per kilowatt hour standpoint or from a availability 
standpoint, are there any specific variables that we have in mind that we'll keep an eye on? 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. The costs -- don't worry. The cost is -- we have already modeled it. It will be very much 
competitive with the existing costs. This is not a -- this experiment or whatever is not because 
of the cost. It's how to manage different sources of power to optimize it to get a steady power 
for the smelter. The cost is competitive. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
In terms of the aluminum cost metrics in our guidance, you mentioned that on the coal side, 
more or less, it's likely to be stable. I just wanted to understand on the carbon side, is there any 
juice left where we can see further reductions or those costs have also stabilized? 
Satish Pai: 
It's difficult to say because the carbon price a little bit depends on what's happening with the oil 
prices, which are also a little bit subdued right now. So you could see a little bit lower carbon 
prices as well because it's a little bit tied to oil. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right. And second part was also about the Silvassa extrusion plant, where we have said that we 
have ramped up it successfully. So has it already reached utilization, 100% utilization that we 
are targeting or this will gradually ramp up now the sale volume? 
Satish Pai: 
No, it will gradually ramp up. So actually, we are now running at about 35%, 40% capacity by 
the end of the year, the Q4 run rate will reach its capacity, which is 3,000 tons a month. We'll -
- this quarter, we'll be running at about 1,500 tons a month there, because it does for B&C as 
well as auto. So there is a little bit of a qualifying process for the auto side. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Understood, sir. And the last question was about the ₹8,000 crores capex that we have guided 
for the upstream projects. Is it possible to split them across the 3 projects as well? 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. I said each project is ₹8,000 crores. The copper smelter, the aluminum 180 pots and the 
refineries are all in that range, plus/minus a little bit. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Parthiv Jhonsa from Anand Rathi. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. The first question is pertaining to the coal blocks which we 
have got right now. So what is our current coal requirement? And about the Chakla block, once 
it's operational, can you quantify what kind of a cost saving are we expecting from that  particular 
mine? 
Satish Pai: 
So I can't quantify the cost saving, but we consume 16 million tons of coal a year. Chakla gives 
5. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
All right. Also just -- okay. Just another -- just adding to that question. Sir, our current linkages 
have actually dropped down, say, from almost 55%, 60-odd percent a couple of quarters back to 
it's now about 48%, and it has remained around same level over last 1 or 2 quarters. Do you feel 
that this would reverse once -- or even before Chakla comes on stream or that is still a couple of 
quarters down the line, where our linkages actually increase back to that original level? 
Satish Pai: 
So look, the reason why we are careful is a linkage is a long-term commitment. So it's a question 
of the price of the linkage. So we would not want to lock in a long-term linkage where the price 
has gone up. So that is why this percentage sometimes goes down. So suppose linkages come 
up and we get it at a cost that's attractive, then we will take more linkage. Otherwise, generally, 
our feeling is that the coal market is well supplied and as more and more commercial mines 
come up, I think that the pricing should not go up. So we don't want to lock in linkages at a 
higher price. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is pertaining to the current prices in spot that copper and 
aluminum both have come off from their recent highs. How do you perceive over next quarter 
or maybe 2 quarters, how do you perceive the price panning out to be? Would -- are you 
expecting the prices to remain at the same level? Or what is your take on it, sir? 
Satish Pai: 
Very difficult because see I think the pricing of commodities is not being driven by 
supply/demand or inventory. It's being driven a lot by macroeconomics and geopolitical events. 
So the Q1 LME price of aluminum was $2,500 on an average. Currently, it's running at $2,300. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
And what happened? Chinese GDP came lower than expected. U.S. jobless report came in bad. 
So there is worry. So these type of things are having an impact on the commodity prices. So it's 
very difficult to predict, but the only thing you can say is that it will remain volatile. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge. 
Tarang: 
Okay. Three questions. One on the downstream business, sir, you spoke about reaching $200 on 
a per ton basis. Do you believe at some point of time, the profitability in the downstream business 
could come closer to the profitability that you see in your Novelis business? Not talking from a 
like a year, 2, 3, 4-year kind of avenue, but from a longer-term horizon because investment in 
these businesses is quite heavy. So wanted to get your perspective on that. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, it depends on the product mix. You see Novelis is a can, auto, aerospace, specialties and 
Novelis' key thing is it uses a good mix of scrap. And I think that in India, we are also going to 
increase the amount of scrap we use. And we are with Aditya FRP and all trying to go up the 
chain towards higher value products. So difficult to say when we will get there, but you should, 
as we go up the value chain and the mix of scrap keeps going up, the EBITDA per ton should 
go up. 
Tarang: 
Okay. Second question on the copper smelter and aluminum 180 pots, the capacity envisaged 
would be 500 Kt for the smelter and about 180 Kt for the aluminum smelter, correct? 
Satish Pai: 
No. I think on the copper, we are looking more like 280 to 300 Kt and the aluminum 180 is 180. 
Depend on the amperage, it can go up to 200 Kt as well. 
Tarang: 
Okay. And the last question, sir, at some point of time, you had announced about investing 
heavily for materials with wagon for the railway program? And second was around the copper 
recycling. So any update on that? Copper and battery material recycling. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, the copper recycling project, the public hearing was concluded successfully 2 weeks ago. 
So we are now expecting to break ground by October for the copper recycling project. So 50 Kt 
of copper recycling, it's in the Dahej area very close to our existing smelter. So all the technology 
selection orders have been placed. So the project execution breaking ground will start now post 
monsoons, probably around October. And sorry, on which other project you were asking about? 
Tarang: 
There was a commitment with respect to producing specific materials for the railways, right? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. Yes. The railway wagon. So unfortunately, the aluminum train project from the central 
government, the contracts to Alstom or Hitachi have not been given out yet. So that project has 
not moved. But on the commercial vehicles, the EV, for passenger cars, that part has gone much 
faster than we expected. We are now more focused on the commercial vehicles and EVs than on 
the railways. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
A couple of questions. First on the upstream expansion. I'm referring to the 2023 Investor Day 
deck. There, our alumina expansion was pegged at close to $590 million. And aluminum 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
expansion 180 Kt was $760 million. So both these are now closer to $1 billion each. So what 
has changed? So -- and aluminum capacity remains same. So alumina are we guiding for a larger 
capacity? 
Satish Pai: 
So to be very, very honest, I said it's roughly around ₹8,000 crores per project, but very 
specifically, when we actually cost the project, take into account current prices, then I will come 
back with the exact numbers. So don't catch me on that point right now. So I -- yes. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
No, sure. And on copper, it's a new project, right? It was not a part of the future growth 
opportunities that we highlighted? 
Satish Pai: 
No, we -- I think we had it that we are thinking -- maybe I don't know, but copper smelter is a 
new project, yes. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Yes. Okay. And lastly, on alumina, given that we are already 800 Kt long and even on aluminum 
expansion, we will need probably 360 Kt more. So ultimately, we will be close to 2.5 million 
tons long alumina, where do you see the global deficit over there? So what is the dynamic that 
you see evolving in alumina globally? And do you think -- of course, we are at the lower quartile, 
the lowest decile cost curve, but would that still be a profitable project for us, ROCE accretive? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, I think that the Utkal expansion probably has been the most profitable and ROCE attractive 
projects we have done in the last couple of years. And the reason why is that the Middle East is 
very short of alumina. So we are -- people are ready to sign long-term offtake agreements with 
us, whether it's EGA, Sohar, Alba, all of them. So I think we are -- 1 million, 1.5 million tons of 
alumina, we should be very -- I have absolutely no worry that we can sell those on long-term 
contracts. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Somaiah V. from Avendus Spark. 
Somaiah V.: 
I have a few questions. So on the downstream front, post reaching the 600 Kt. So what would 
be -- I mean, anything else in the pipeline for the next 1 or 2 years in terms of downstream 
expansion? 
Satish Pai: 
No, there'll be much smaller what I would call additional machining, maybe coating these type. 
No, there won't be any very large projects because we'll be in a consolidate and harvest mode on 
downstream. 
Somaiah V.: 
Got it, sir. And also this alumina project, what would be the time lines or milestones that we're 
looking at?  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry. Mr. Somaiah, can you use your handset mode, please. Your voice is not very clear. 
Somaiah V.: 
Yes, sure. My question was on alumina. Just want to understand the time line when we expect 
full production on this. 
Satish Pai: 
So look, we need to sign the contract that we are expecting to sign in the coming months, then 
we'll break ground, and we have done a lot of the parallel work already. So it will probably be 
another 24 to 26 months from that point. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Somaiah V.: 
Got it, sir. And also on the copper smelter. So when will we be taking a final decision? Or it's 
like we have already taken the decision and when will the work start on this? Just want to 
understand when this can come potentially online. 
Satish Pai: 
No, again, I think that wait for a couple of more months. We are still doing some evaluation on 
the technology, et cetera, and then we'll announce it. But any of these projects takes a minimum 
of 36 months to get it off the ground. 
Somaiah V.: 
Okay, sir. Also in terms of capex, how would we be approaching this? Because as you said each 
of this is around ₹8,000 crores and also in Novelis side, we are expanding. So from an India 
standpoint, we want to keep within cash flows, what we spend in a year and then only asking 
more from a debt angle. So how would we approach these project? We'll be taking them up one 
by one? Or is there a case that the copper expansion as well as the aluminum side simultaneity 
they can happen? 
Satish Pai: 
So again, I keep repeating that the plan to do any projects simultaneously or not is not just a 
financial decision. I think that it's very clear that execution risk is probably the one that I worry 
about the most. Getting clearances and all that is incredibly time-consuming. So whether we like 
it or not, I think these projects, I don't think will happen simultaneously. I just don't think so. 
And even if we have the money to do it, I don't think they can just happen simultaneously. So I 
don't think you should worry about our balance sheet being stressed. I think we are generating 
good cash, we have ₹10,000 crores, ₹11,000 crores in treasury. We can easily afford ₹7,000 
crores, ₹8,000 crores of capex. So, I don't think we'll stress the balance sheet at all in India. 
Somaiah V.: 
Got it, sir. And also if you can just help us out with the capex numbers for this year and next 
year? And also on the Novelis side and India side, if you can just break it that should be helpful. 
Satish Pai: 
So for the India side, this year, we'll be at ₹5,500 crores to ₹6,000 crores. Next year, we'll give 
you the numbers probably in Q4 of this coming year. And maybe, Dev, you can give the Novelis 
capex numbers for this year. 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes, indeed. So for this year, we are guiding that's in the range of $1.3 billion to $2.1 billion. 
And right now, as we see it, we will be at the bottom end of this range, so closer to the $1.8 
billion number yes. So that's what you can take. 
Somaiah V.: 
Sir, also more of a bookkeeping question this quarter in terms of debt movement. So if you can 
just help us with how much of capex was spent and was there any working capital impact that 
led to increase in debt? 
Praveen Maheshwari: 
No, so it was largely working capital. The LME both copper and aluminum was higher. Also in 
Q4, typically, you see that the working capital is low. So Q1 actually sees a coming back of 
working capital. In addition, we had smelter shutdown planned this quarter in copper. So our 
working capital was at a lower level. So yes, we had some working capital requirement this 
quarter and therefore, a slight increase in debt were there, but that's not a sign of worry. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prateek Singh of DAM Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Prateek Singh: 
Sir, a couple of macro questions here. The first one is lastly on the cost curve, given where 
alumina is right now and aluminum prices have come up quite a bit. In your sense, what 
percentage of smelters right now globally would be above breakeven. Would it be like 75% or 
lower than that. So any sense on that? 
Satish Pai: 
I think that's difficult to say, I've not seen the latest CRU curves and so if you are at a 2,200 
LME price and you are buying alumina at 435, I would assume that many of the smelters would 
not be profitable. So it really depends on whether you are integrated in alumina or not like us. If 
you are buying alumina at 440 and you're at 2,200 LME, you will be quite stretched, I can tell 
you. 
Prateek Singh: 
Understood, sir. And I mean, obviously, aluminum has come down quite a bit now. But did you 
hear anything about global smelter restarts specifically in Europe when Aluminum was quite 
high? Or do you think that even they are going slow on this, restarting upward capacity? 
Satish Pai: 
There is not even rumors of anything restarting in Europe, I can tell you. 
Prateek Singh: 
Understood. And the second bit is on China. So given that China is already running in terms of 
production very close to their threshold of 45 million tons a year. Do you think there is a risk 
there that the Chinese government may loosen this threshold? Or like still, they'll continue to 
kind of maintain this and they continue to focus on lower pollution and hence, continue to 
maintain this threshold, any risk issue there? 
Satish Pai: 
I mean, from everything that we have heard so far, they have no intention of lifting that cap, 
because they don't want a little bit like Hindalco, not all the companies. They don't want to 
expand coal-based smelting, anything new. And then if you go for greener energy, they have 
seen that in places like Yunnan or Guizhou, every 3, 4 months of the year, the water gets low, 
they have to turn the power off in the smelter. So I think that's -- I don't see immediately the 
Chinese government lifting that cap. Everything that we heard, they are going to stick to it. 
Prateek Singh: 
And the last one is a bookkeeping question. While I understand that we are long alumina at 200 
Kt a quarter, would you be able to quantify alumina external sales in this quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. It was 162 Kt in Q1 and the plan for Q2 is 190 to 200. 
Prateek Singh: 
And this does not include the special alumina which we have enveloped? 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. This is just metal-grade alumina. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Aditya Welekar from Axis Securities. 
Aditya Welekar: 
Sir, just 1 question on the copper smelter. So just to understand supply chain. So where will we 
be sourcing the copper concentrate for that, given the backdrop that copper concentrate shortage 
is there? And the finished product from that where we will be routing it to our wire rods? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I mean that what is driving our thinking on the copper smelter is that the copper demand in 
the country is going up very strongly. It is very clear to us that the smelter that is shut down is 
not going to restart. So I think that we think that to meet the demands and not allow other people 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
to get in. We will have as a market leader to put capacity in. Now it will come up in a couple of 
years where we are expecting that mines that are there in the plans will also come in. So the next 
2 years are going to be very tough on TC/RC, but if you see the projections of mine openings in 
3 years, the TC/RC, again, should come back to good levels. So maybe we will time it right by 
the time our new smelter comes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the floor over to Mr. Pai for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, yes. Thank you, everyone, for participating on this call. So for us, I just wanted to reiterate 
that Novelis, Hindalco, aluminum and copper was very good performance in Q1, and I think the 
more important part is the market and the market demand for the products that we supply seem 
to be also in good stead. So Overall, a good quarter for us, and I thank you again for your 
participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Hindalco Industries Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
