 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q1-FY25 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q1-FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, August 13, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of Q1-FY25 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of the 
Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
M No. : F7306 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by 
GONDALIA SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2024.08.20 
15:44:22 +05'30'

Kiri Industries Limited 
Q1 FY’2025 Earnings Conference Call 
August 13, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Kiri 
Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
At this time, I would like to hand over the conference to Ms. Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Kiri Industries Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating 
in the Company's Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter of the 
Financial Year 2025. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks 
and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on Management's belief as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
Management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to 
educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental 
business and financial quarter under review. 

I would like to now introduce you to the Management participating 
with us in today's conference call. We have with us, Mr. Manish Kiri – 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani – Vice President 
(Accounts and Finance) and Mr. Suresh Gondalia – Company Secretary. 
I now request “Mr. Manish Kiri to give us his Opening Remarks.” Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Manish Kiri: 
Good morning, everybody, and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
Call for the First Quarter of Financial Year 2025. I hope you are all 
keeping safe and well. 
Let me first Brief You on the Financial Performance for the First Quarter 
of Financial Year 2025, followed by the Operational Highlights. 
On a standalone basis during the First Quarter of financial year 2025, 
revenue from operations was INR 168 crores, which grew about 19% on 
YoY basis and incurred an EBITDA profit of INR 13.64 crores, including 
the dividends received from Lonsen Kiri Chemical Industries Limited.  
The dyes industry is still bearing a brunt of tough geopolitical situation 
and the gross material margins are yet awaiting recovery to its peak of 
around 32% which are currently hovering around 23% to 30%. It has 
been gradually passing over the increase in raw material prices to its 
end customers. However, there still exists headroom to increase 
material margins which shall be attained on increasing in demand, 
improving product mix and better price realizations for the dyes and 
dyes intermediates. Net loss post depreciation for the quarter was 
about Rs.2 crores. 
On a consolidated basis, revenue for the 1st Quarter stood at INR 265 
crores, which grew about 17% YoY basis with EBITDA of around 
INR18.08 crores as compared to EBITDA of INR 10.93 crores in the 
previous quarter. A comparative analysis of consolidated gross margins 
in the three quarters clearly indicate that the margins are under control 

within the range of 26% to 30%. Net loss before the share of profit of 
associates for the quarter again was around Rs.2 crores. The 
operational expenses have reduced mainly on account of proportionate 
reduction of revenue and reduction in legal fees during the first Quarter 
of FY 2025 as compared to preceding fourth quarter of FY 2024. 
The consolidated net profit after tax of the company for first Quarter of 
FY 2025 amounts to Rs.78.19 crores including share of profit of DyStar 
amounting to about Rs.80.54 crores. It is important to highlight that the 
share of profit of DyStar is not relevant anymore to the company 
because of the Singapore court orders of July 03, 2018. 
Now, with regards to the update on DyStar case, the judgment of SICC 
on May 20th, 2024, with regards to enforcement proceedings wherein 
end block sale of DyStar has been ordered by SICC without a reserve 
price with long-stop date for end block sale decided as December 31st 
2025 and the company to receive $603.8 million in priority and the 
balance amount of sale proceeds of DyStar to be paid to Senda. The 
company has filed an appeal against this SICC order dated May 20th, 
2024 for not awarding interest on the buyout amount to Kiri. Senda has 
also filed an appeal against awarding priority payment to Kiri out of 
proceeds of en block sale. As per the court directions, both the parties 
are required to file their written submissions by 29th August, 2024, 
which is by end of this month and hearing on appeals at the Court of 
Appeal at the Supreme Court of Singapore is likely to take place in 
October or November 2024 within this year. 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for questions. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Venkat Suresh Kumar from Berman Financials. Please 
go ahead. 
 

V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
Actually, En block sale proceeds is going on. Is there any updates on En 
block sale? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes I think the En block sale process is going on quite efficiently. Deloitte 
as the receiver has taken a number of steps to commence the sale of 
DyStar and several activities have been completed by them. And what I 
believe is in a week or two, the information memorandum of the sale 
process will be officially launched in the market. The due diligence are 
completed almost by Deloitte. These are the vendor due diligence is 
done by the receiver to help the prospective buyers. At the same time, 
for the last two months, Deloitte has been in touch with number of 
prospective bidders and it is quite heartening to see that the numbers 
of the interested parties are quite good and they are almost 70-plus. 
So, that's a good sign. We believe that the process will continue at the 
same speed which has been going on and hopefully as per the 
stipulated timeline, the sale process should get completed. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
Actually the auction officially launched or launching in shortly? 
Manish Kiri: 
Launching very shortly. We are expecting within this month in the next 
week or two the official auction will be launched, because Deloitte has 
done very extensive preparation over the period of last three, four 
months. So, now they are all prepared ready to launch and to support 
with the requisite information to the prospective buyers. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
Before this month launching, How much time bidders take? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think the entire process is divided into two steps. The first process is 
the non-binding offer that the receiver is going to receive, which is like 
any usual sale process and the interested buyers and the selected 
buyers would be given the first set of information and then they would 
be given the second phase of information or the second set of 
information and then the binding offer would be invited. And once the 
binding offer is invited, then whoever has the best offer, it's up to 

Deloitte, the receiver, to finalize whatever is the best offer. And I think 
the whole process should get completed by somewhere between 
March 2025 to June 2025, and that is how the long-stop date is decided 
by the court, providing six months additional cushion in case if there is 
any extension or if there is any delay in any regulatory approvals or any 
unforeseen events. Otherwise, the timelines to conclude the sale 
should be around June 2025. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
In this launching, once all bids will receive, how much time to tenders 
will be allotted? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think as per the normal practice, the due diligence time which would 
be allowed to prospective buyers, would be ranging around three to 
four months? 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
Around August to December? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, around that time. So, that is the timeframe the prospective buyers 
will have to conduct their due diligence on DyStar. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
What is the appeal, sir -- only for interest amount or any En block 
related issues is also allowed? 
Manish Kiri: 
Let me clarify to you. There is no appeal on the En block sale. There is 
no appeal on the appointment of the receiver, correct. So, En block sale, 
an appointment of receiver are not subject to the appeal in the 
Supreme Court. The only appeal from Kiri side is the appeal for not 
awarding interest to Kiri and the only appeal from Senda side is the 
appeal relates to the priority payment award to Kiri. From the sale 
proceeds of DyStar, Kiri is to be paid first before payment to Senda. So, 
that priority payment is appealed by Senda. So, only two points on the 
appeal; one point of interest from Kiri side and one point of appeal from 
Senda side which is priority payment. Now, as we have already 
disclosed, August 29th is the date on which both the sides would need 
to file their grounds of appeal as well as their objections on the other 

side appeal. So, both would be filed in one single document and then 
the hearing would take place either in October or in November. So, 
based on the current stipulated directions given by the court, seems 
that the appeal would be concluded before the end of November 
actually and then the judgment would be awaited after that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Arun Malhotra from CapGrow Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Arun Malhotra 
CapGrow Capital: 
Manishji, wanted to check two things. One is how has been DyStar 
performing in the last two quarters, that will also reflect on the possible 
valuation of the En block sale? And second you have come out with a 
big project in copper and fertilizer business and also taken approval for 
5,000 crores, big numbers for a company like ours. So, what is the 
rationale for it? I know you have taken the shareholder approval, but 
we do not have any past experience in this business. Why we go into an 
unrelated business? 
Manish Kiri: 
Let me answer your first question first and then the second question, 
correct, Now, the first question, which relates to the performance of 
DyStar, correct. So, in the first six months of the financial year of DyStar, 
right, the performance has been good and as we declared the EBITDA 
for the 1st Quarter and the second quarter, both put together is around 
$55 million, correct. So, DyStar is running today at the EBITDA level of 
$100 million-plus and maybe $110 million at the current run rate, but 
the important point is this, this EBITDA is post Senda, and Longsheng's 
claiming their Management fees and their usual extraction of money 
from DyStar. So, this is a reported number. The non-Management fees 
and the adjusted number would be higher than this number. So, still a 
strong performance and the EBITDA margin as a percentage wise is still 
above 15% for DyStar. So, it's running well. Just to also update you on 
the cash position of DyStar, the last number we had is $570 million cash 
in the company. Last 2-3 months have not been added yet. The net 
current asset not only the current asset, but the net current asset is also 

worth of $850 million, which is like one-time one-year annual sales. So, 
a very strong financial position, again zero loan. So, you can understand 
that the financial strength of DyStar is still very good. So, that's your 
first question. Your second question regarding our announcement of 
the next phase of investment. So, let me just take your question into 
two parts. #1, why we are entering into this project? We ourselves and 
the board of Kiri has decided to diversify the core business line of the 
company, not from dyes intermediates, but also to sector, which are 
rising, upcoming and futuristic sector. So, what you have seen the 
decision which overwhelmingly approved by the shareholders is to 
enter into renewable energy space, EV sectors and infrastructure 
sectors and fertilizer sectors. These are the sectors where you might 
have seen or you must have read the research reports that I mean the 
future 10, 20 years compared to last 10 years would be quite a growth 
oriented especially in India. That is the first reason. The second reason 
is that these are the sectors in which India is heavily dependent on 
imports as on today. So, every of the products that we will be producing 
in this new project would be replacing India's import. So, that's the 
second reason, having the home market, domestic market and growing 
market in India to cater and to serve this demand in India. As far as the 
size and the non-related field is concerned, as we have announced 
earlier, this would be the transformational changes for Kiri. Now, 
anywhere we invest on large scale amount with the upcoming funds, 
right, it would be a new sector. And we are all geared up, confident to 
execute these sectors by developing the Management bandwidth that 
we need. So, for example, for this sector, we have already taken 
onboard the ex-Birla Corp. CEO and CFO to lead the project. This is the 
heads of the team. It would be run by the independent CEO and 
independent executive director. So, as far as the new sector and the 
Management bandwidth is concerned, we have already started putting 
in place, we have started developing that. But I agree with you, this is 
the sector in which we are entering, it's a new sector for the company. 
But it is not new sector for the country, it is the need for the country 

and the futuristic requirements for the country. So, I think we are trying 
to align ourselves with the economic growth of the country and we 
hope and we are confident to deliver success to the shareholders in this 
project too. And please remember, the investments are happening in 
phase wise. So, the risk is also measured to implement the whole 
project in three or more phases. So, you will see periodical 
announcements as and when we make progress on each phase of the 
development of the capital investment and we'll keep you updated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keval Gandhi from CapGrow 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Keval Gandhi 
CapGrow Capital: 
So, basically you mentioned that almost 70-plus investors showing 
interest in the bid. So, like any large domains of the strategic or the 
financial investors which are actually showing interest in DyStar. Any 
few names which you can actually give us? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think it would not be appropriate to announce the names because this 
is not in the public domain. But let me just give you the highlights of the 
kind of interest that has been received. The major pool of investors who 
have shown interest are the private equities and finance investors and 
those are who's and who's globally, right. So, if you pick any major 
private equity global fund, they have shown interest and they have 
approached the receiver and confirm their participation in the bid. So, 
I think the interest is quite significant. And these are the big names that 
you know, we know, all of us know, many of them are American private 
equity firms who have jumped into. And I believe that the financial 
strength of the company and very strong balance sheet of the company 
has attracted these financial investors to come and to invest. 
Keval Gandhi 
CapGrow Capital: 
I just had one more question on the Senda appeal. So, basically the 
appeal is now that we shall receive the payment on the priority basis. 
Earlier it was actually believed that Senda has a problem with the ratio 

or the actual amount. So, like what is the situation on the earlier 
positions like the ratio and the amount of the total consideration for 
the DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
Very important point. As you know, even in SICC, Senda did argue that 
the proceeds of sale of DyStar should be divided proportionate to the 
shareholding. That was the argument from Senda, and that is what was 
presented to the court by Senda, that whatever DyStar sale proceed is 
realized it should be divided between the shareholders as per the 
shareholding pattern but court decided otherwise and court accepted 
Kiri's argument that whatever sale proceed is realized and at whatever 
value DyStar is sold, Kiri's valuation for the buyout order has been 
crystallized based on the valuation of DyStar as on dated 3rd July, 2018. 
So, based on that valuation number, Kiri's crystallized amount is $603.8 
million, which has been appealed in the Supreme Court. So, then 
whatever is the value of DyStar as on today is actually not relevant to 
Kiri as long as Kiri is able to receive $603.8 million. And that is what 
court has decided in favor of Kiri and that is what Senda has now 
challenged in the Supreme Court. So, Senda's position for the appeal is 
the distribution as per the shareholding pattern and Kiri's defense on 
the appeal is whatever SICC has decided giving Kiri money first from the 
sale proceeds before giving to Senda is the correct decision and it's the 
right decision by the Singapore International Commercial Court. So, 
that is what is going to be argued now in the Supreme Court of course 
from Senda side. And from Kiri side, as I just mentioned is we will argue 
that we have a right to receive interest and court should award interest 
to Kiri. So, that would be the arguments we will be presenting in the 
Supreme Court now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavesh from Aditya Birla Money. 
Please go. 
 
Bhavesh 

Aditya Birla Money: Now, with regards to En block sale, what could lead to further delays? 
It's been delayed in many years. At this stage what are you worried 
about the most if I may ask you? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think the delay could be if the interest in DyStar sale or the prospective 
buyers. The worry that we had earlier that because it's a litigated and 
it's a disputed company, sometimes there is a low interest from the 
prospective buyers or from the market. But actually it has done other 
way round. And thanks to the ability of Deloitte as the receiver and their 
network globally. They have attracted and they could attract a large 
pool of prospective interested buyers in fact. Besides that, there could 
not be any foreseeable reason to delay because the timelines are 
almost there as per the targets given by Deloitte. Court has decided 
long-stop date as December 2025. So, it wouldn't stretch beyond that. 
The only other delay is any prospective buyer may go through some 
regulatory approval such as approval related to anti-competition and 
things like that. So, if such a strategic buyer is about to acquire DyStar 
and if they have to go through certain regulatory approvals in multiple 
jurisdictions because DyStar has a large and vast network, I mean there 
are 26 countries in which DyStar has subsidiaries and many plants. So, 
if that is the case, then that could be a kind of formalities and kind of 
procedural that may take few months. Otherwise, we don't see any 
other reason for delay in this phase actually. This is an enforcement 
phase, please remember, since February 2024 what we are now into is 
the enforcement phase. Earlier, it was a phase where we had to prove 
ourselves and now it is the court which is enforcing the judgment. So, 
there is a difference between the earlier times and the current 
enforcement time. So, we expect not to have any other extraneous 
reason for the delay in fact. And if you read the judgment carefully, 
court has curtailed powers or the rights from both the shareholders to 
apply for any extension on these dates. Neither Kiri nor Senda has any 
right from the court or any permission from the court to apply for any 
delay or to apply to extend the time. It's only the receiver has been 

given a permission and given consent in a situation where receiver 
thinks that there is a legitimate reason to apply for extension, only 
receiver can apply for an extension in this timeframe. No shareholders 
can apply any extension in the timeline decided by the court. So, that 
that also shows that court is vigilant, court is prudent and court has 
taken that measure not to have any delays now onwards. So, I think that 
helps the overall situation to avoid any delay. 
Bhavesh 
Aditya Birla Money: Secondly, on standalone business, are we seeing any improvement in 
terms of demand because it's been made since maybe 1.5, 2 years now. 
So, what is the way? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, yes, I think if you look at the 1st Quarter of this financial year at 
least on a standalone basis, we have turned into profitable. So, that that 
is the positive sign. You have seen that there is an improvement in 
revenue and we have seen that the demand has also picked up, the 
supply chain has become quite active now to buffer the inventory and 
to place more orders, export from India for dyes has also increased in 
the last quarter and the earlier quarter. So, I think we see overall 
recovery in the export market as well as domestic textile industry. 
Another important factor I must highlight is the reduction in cotton 
prices. So, if you look at globally, the cotton prices have reduced and 
when cotton prices go down, usually there is a trend that the reactive 
dye’s demand picks up and we have seen that happening now, because 
the cotton prices seem to be bottoming out and that has also spurred 
certain increase in demand. So, we hope that the recovery continues in 
the next few quarters. Now, another improvement operationally which 
you see is the reduction in legal cost in the 1st Quarter. But that may 
not be necessarily continuing in the next two quarters, because now we 
are heading for the submissions of the appeal because the lawyers 
activity was down in the 1st Quarter. But in the current quarter and the 
next quarter till the end of November, till the hearing gets completed, 
the legal activities are going to pick up again. So, we might see in these 

two quarters that the reduced legal cost may go up a bit this quarter 
and the next quarter, and then from December onwards, then the legal 
cost is expected to drastically again go down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Nayak from Hexagon 
Assets. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Nayak 
Hexagon Assets: 
Sir, I just have one question. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe this 
appeal is the final stage of litigation and there shouldn't be any more 
further litigation regarding the DyStar sale process, right? So, with that 
being said, we know that your partner is a particularly litigious partner 
and they would try to delay the process as much as possible. So, in your 
experience, has there been any precedent that where an enforcement 
order like this has been passed after a sale has been done, has there 
been any precedent where the other party can say that the sale was 
not done in a fair way and a proper way and there needs to be further 
review of the sale and could be start a litigation after the sale has been 
done, is there any possibility of that? 
Manish Kiri: 
There is no such possibility and there is no such precedence. Once the 
sale is completed, once the appeal is completed, there is no review 
process at all, there is no review of any enforcement judgments earlier 
in Singapore. So, there is no chance of any way to reopen legally the 
concluded decision of the DyStar sale. Now saying so, one could always 
try to basically put a blame on the receiver. Let's say, for example, if 
Senda is bidding in this auction and Senda is also participating probably 
in this auction and we are quite confident that they would do so 
because that's the only way they can acquire DyStar. But if they do not 
get through auction and somebody else, the other buyer, which 
Deloitte's transparence and efficient process win the bid, then if they 
wish to choose to file suits against the receiver, it is their choice. But I 
don't think they can go that far. That can reverse the sale order, that can 
reverse the decision, we don't see anything like this happening. On the 

other way round you would be now understanding that the way the 
Supreme Court has now expedited the trial by cutting short the appeal 
process and giving the hearing date earlier in October and November, 
it seems that the Supreme Court wishes and wants to conclude this 
appeal before even DyStar sale has been completed. So, that the 
receiver has clear direction on how to distribute money, whether to 
give Kiri interest or not from that proceeds or whether to give priority 
or pari-passu, whatever receiver has to decide finally without any 
pending litigation that can be done if the appeal is concluded before 
the sale process is completed and this is exactly what the Supreme 
Court is doing as we speak and the dates speak for itself. So, I think 
court is quite vigilant, court is also understanding the seriousness, court 
has expedited the appeal and these are all the signs that the Singapore 
judiciary wants to conclude this at the earliest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mehendale from 
RohoCapital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mehendale 
RohoCapital: 
Manish bhai, I have a question on the new venture. Assuming that we 
get money by next year, say by December or so and then gets invested 
in the new venture, what type of investments are we looking for in 
terms of either revenue or some type of monetary, some indication on 
that? And then how much is revenue or ROE are we targeting or 
profitability, some indicative ballpark numbers now that we have some 
plans right for that? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, let me answer your question very simplistically. The investments will 
go phase wise and let me just explain you the numbers on the first two 
phases. So, the first phase of investment would be around 2,400 crores 
and the second phase of investment would be close to 4,000 to 5,000 
crores, which will be having a total investment of around 6,000 to 7,000 
crores in the first two phases. Now the first phase would generate 
revenue of almost somewhere close to 15,000 crores and the second 

phase would generate around 25,000 crores. So, when both the phases 
are completed, you are looking at the numbers which are significantly 
higher and transformative so that would bring the total to 40,000 
crores. On the first, 15,000 crores of sales, we are expecting at least 
1,400 to 1,500 crores of profit after tax, and also for the second phase, 
we are expecting at least another 2,000 crores of profit after tax. So, to 
be on a conservative side when we complete both the projects, we are 
expecting the profits in the range of around 3,000 crores with the 
revenue of 40,000 crores. So, that is what we are trying to contemplate. 
Of course, it will take time. By the time all these numbers get reflected 
into our P&L, it may take starting from two years to five years time. So, 
this would be next five years window and the numbers and the targets 
that as a shareholder you can look for. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Rawat 
Yogya Capital: 
So, I have one query. So, do we maintain an order book for dye and dye 
intermediate? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, yes, we do maintain an order book for both. For example, for dyes, 
our order book is now almost one and half month and the 
intermediates, it's not that high, but intermediates is less than a month 
right now. So, order books are slowly growing, but not like what the 
time we used to have earlier, while we have three to four months of our 
capacities booked, which is not the situation currently. And please also 
note that our current operational capacities and the way we have 
scaled down our expenses is about 50%. So, even last quarter, our 
overall capacity utilization has been 50% and we like to increase that. 
So, the moment we increase the capacity utilization from 50% to 70-
75%, our order book in number of days, the number of months will 
further reduce. So, in the next six months time, our order book in terms 

of number of days may range less than 30, but our attempt would be to 
keep increasing our capacity utilization now. 
Pradeep Rawat 
Yogya Capital: 
So, my next question is regarding the CAPEX. So, you said that in phase-
I CAPEX, we would be spending around 2,400 crores. So, can you give 
like a high level talk on this where would this money be spent? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, it would be basically spent for the first phase of our CAPEX, our total 
investment, and that would be the one product line for manufacturing 
copper. So, that would be copper rods, copper cathodes, copper coils 
and things like that. So, various varieties of copper. And that would have 
somewhere around 200,000 tons of the finished product production of 
copper. That is what we are looking at in the first phase of investment. 
And the second phase would be around 300,000 tons of copper along 
with 900,000 tons of fertilizer, right? So, that is what you are looking at. 
So, first phase of CAPEX would be around 200,000 tons and I think today 
the price of copper is close to Rs.10,000 - Rs.10,500 a ton, something 
like that. So, you can put an estimate and the numbers would be in the 
range of what I just mentioned. 
Moderator: 
The next follow up question is from the line of Venkat Suresh Kumar 
from Berman Financials. Please go ahead. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
Any promoter stake increase in the Kiri in near future? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, yes, I have been saying this for almost a year now, but you can 
understand that we are trying to be under the arrangement, but the 
answer is yes, correct. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
Sir, can it take more time to increase the stake or planning shortly? 

Manish Kiri: 
The answer is yes. Sorry we got disconnected and the appropriate 
disclosure would be made at the appropriate time. But yes, the answer 
is yes, what you just asked. 
V S Kumar 
Berman Financials: 
You can tell me timeframe at least once - 
Manish Kiri: 
I think it would be appropriate once the execution is made and then we 
will make the appropriate disclosure. But the intent I have already 
expressed in the last two quarters, from the promoter side, from the 
family side, yes, and then when the time comes, when the execution 
takes place, we'll definitely inform the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
The next follow up question is from the line of Keval Gandhi from 
CapGrow Capital. Please go ahead. 
Keval Gandhi 
CapGrow Capital: 
Just wanted to understand how would you reward the minority 
shareholder once the proceed of DyStar sell is received. Second, on 
capital allocation you mentioned about capex.  How are we looking on 
the capital allocation strategy for Kiri. 
Manish Kiri: 
So, just to answer your first question, as we have just announced and 
disclosed and decided to embark on one of the largest CAPEX which we 
have ever done in the history and the profits and the numbers which I 
have just mentioned, over the next five years, is expected to be like 
double the market cap, which is today. So, when the actual numbers 
unfold, when the performance is proven by the Management and the 
company, I think the shareholders would be rewarded immensely, I 
would be as a shareholder awarded immensely because that would 
show the significant value creation in the company. Whether this value 
creation has been reflected in terms of the market capitalization, that 
only time will say, but these are the kind of numbers that we are 
aspiring to generate and to create value for in future, correct? So, that's 
where the value creation and the shareholders reward. Now, when you 

talk about reward in terms of the dividend or the buyback, I must say 
that such kind of amount if it is, if the Kiri board decides would be quite 
smaller and the major chunk would be reinvested for the better value 
creation, that is #1. That was your first question. #2, what you 
mentioned about the capital allocation, out of $604 million, what Kiri 
would invest in this new announced sizable project would be an equity 
and almost half of that amount. So, the allocation out of $600 million 
would be around close to $300 million as an equity and there would be 
matching debt which will be taken for this CAPEX. So, that's where this 
amount would be allotted. Remaining $300 million is going to remain 
with the company and the prudent use of that amount would be 
discussed and decided in future course of action. Right now, that 
amount would be kept in the company as kind of a buffer or as kind of 
a safety net to ensure that nothing goes wrong when we are executing 
one big project. On the way in the next three to five years, if some good 
opportunities come, this amount would also be deployed and we'll see 
how the opportunities come in future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhinav, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhinav: 
My question is how much can we expect to pay legal fees between now 
and June 2025? 
Manish Kiri: 
June next year, right? Now, at least if I can give you the approximate 
number based on the quarterly running, we can at least expect close to 
15 to 20 crores around that range. 
Abhinav: 
That is cumulatively, correct? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, cumulatively. So, on the conservative higher side, you are looking 
at somewhere around 20 crores we need to spend till our funds are in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amar Chand, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

Amar Chand: 
Please take my question with a pinch of salt. We were talking about all 
the extensions since last 3-4 years. I remember back in 2020-21 you said 
you are introducing lot of measures in terms of having the new 
Management in place, having a new company in place with a new 
product line which will generate at least 200 crores per annum. But 
looking at all that, which hasn't materialized, how would we as 
shareholders will foresee that the big project is coming up? Is there any 
lacking in terms of the execution or are we just talking about it? 
Because for the past few quarters, the numbers just doesn't reflect 
whether it's consolidated or a standalone. I wouldn't consider 
consolidated at all, as you rightly said, DyStar money has never come 
through our books, it's just the number that's reflecting, which if I 
would see that it's nothing, consolidated you should not even see that. 
And when we talk about the standalone numbers we are not doing any 
better although India is growing at a very fast pace, we're doing very 
well in a lot of industries. With so much experience for the past decade 
where are we? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, let me address your questions and also give certain corrections what 
you just said, Company and we have never announced any CAPEX of 
new project or new investment in the last three years. This is the first 
time that the new investment has been announced, right, and that new 
investment to a significant size, that is #1. #2, why this decision has 
been taken now to announce it and to embark on it? Because we see 
the feasibility and we see the possibility of our sale proceed of DyStar 
to be coming. And if you look at as a matter of fact five years, company 
was not able to generate enough profits or neither company had raised 
any funds from outside, right, to be on conservative side to invest for 
any expansions or anything, Company has not done it because company 
was not able to avail funds from the sale proceed of DyStar. As a matter 
of fact, #3, company could not grow for 10 years because company has 
spent lot of funds on the account of legal cost and on the Singapore 
litigation, correct. Because of lack of the equity required to grow and 

expand and incur new CAPEX, we couldn't do it. Even when we are 
announcing this project today, there is no equity which has been 
received as on today from the DyStar sale proceed. What we are 
expecting is to receive in the next one year time, correct. The reason 
we are trying to save time for one year is we can have availability of 
certain advanced funds, certain external raise funds, right now as I 
speak to you, which has already been arranged and that's why we are 
embarking on this project and the new CAPEX. So, you are right, I am 
hundred per cent align with you that company could not grow, could 
not expand, could not put more CAPEX on the lack of funds. But now in 
the final stage and the final phase when we have visibility of our money 
coming, we are able to raise funds, we are able to arrange for capital 
investment requirements and now we will start this. Again, we have 
taken people onboard for almost three years and we have been 
incurring that cost also. So, there are certain people on the projects, 
you are right, have been there on the board and hopefully this new 
Management bandwidth should be able to now function, should have 
adequate assignments to proceed with their work and we have been 
able to retain certain good talent for the last 2-3 years. Again, it has 
costed us. but hopefully next two to three years time when we go 
through this project implementation, it might be able to help us to 
expedite. But, you are right and we hope to give you good numbers in 
the next one or two years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwini, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwini: 
Just have a couple of questions. Firstly, during the due diligence process 
which Deloitte has performed, has there been anything which has come 
to their notice which might be different from the whole books which 
were presented, or which might hamper then in block sale process? 
Manish Kiri: 
Nothing at all actually. And as far as the financial numbers are 
concerned, the cash in the company is concerned, the balance sheet 

items are concerned, not at all. Actually, there is nothing which has 
come across which could be surprising or which could be unknown or 
which could be falsifying on the numbers, nothing like that has 
happened actually. So, the numbers which have been there on the 
books are the correct numbers. The only thing which we have seen is 
last two, three, four DyStar does make provisioning on one year to 
sometimes to declare lower profit, but in the next year or a year after, 
they are reversing the provisioning, correct? So, making provisioning, 
reversing provisioning, these are the activities that we have seen. But 
in overall numbers on the balance sheet side as well as on P&L side, 
there's nothing surprise, there's nothing which can hamper or which 
can delay the end block process, nothing like that, absolutely nothing. 
Ashwini: 
The Management of DyStar is still in the hands of Senda. So, what kind 
of measures are being taken right now by Deloitte or the SICC or the 
Supreme Court in order to ensure that no mala fide practices will be 
done by them during this process also? 
Manish Kiri: 
Absolutely. So, today we have seen that Deloitte as the receiver is doing 
an excellent job since their appointment to make sure that the value of 
the company is protected. That is #1. So, there are certain notices, there 
are certain observations, there are certain directions Deloitte is giving 
in terms of related party contracts, in terms of overall preserving cash, 
location of the cash of the company. So, it has been really prudent in 
the sense to ensure that the value of the company that the Deloitte is 
selling is preserved. So, that work is done by Deloitte. Deloitte is not 
interfering in the day-to-day Management or operations of the 
company because that is not the job given by the court. Their job is to 
sell the company and to sell the shares of the company, and for that 
perspective, they are trying to maintain the value of the company, that 
is #1. Now saying so, #2, another important aspect which has been 
taken care by Deloitte is the process in which the company is being sold. 
So, the process is being run as a confidential process, the process will 
have for example, the bidders who is bidding, how much for DyStar 

would not be given to the shareholders and that confidentiality would 
be maintained, those data would be confidential with Deloitte and they 
will treat shareholders as well as the external bidders all at par at a 
same level. So, there would be a same level of disclosure. For example, 
DyStar directors are not supposed to or should not use that information 
to pass on to the shareholders to help them for the bidding. So, these 
kind of measures have been taken by Deloitte. And for example, 
whenever the binding offers come, it would be only the discretion and 
decision of the receiver to decide whose is the best offer, the highest 
offer and with the proof of funds, and then they are going to make a 
decision discretely without giving information to Senda or to Kiri as a 
matter of fact. So, I think the process is being run is quite confidential 
process. So, it's not an open auction where everyone can see each 
other's way. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as a last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Manish Kiri: 
I thank all of you for participating in today's conference call. I wish you 
all the best and we'll meet and discuss in the next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kiri Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
