 
5 August 2024 
 
 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
 
Subject: 
Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 2 August 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with investors on Friday, 2 August 2024 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss the 
financial results for the for the quarter ended 30 June 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 
2024.08.05 
10:01:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited  
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
2 August 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV GANDHI - CEO & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR - CFO, HESTER BIOSCIENCES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA SHETTY - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hester Biosciences Limited Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Asha Shetty from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, ma’am. 
Asha Shetty: 
Thank you, Neha. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome 
you all on the Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Hester Biosciences and I thank the 
Hester Biosciences’ Management Team for giving us this opportunity to host this call. 
Today on this call, we have with us, Mr. Rajiv Gandhi - CEO and Managing Director, Ms. 
Priya Gandhi - Executive Director, Mr. Nikhil Jhanwar - CFO. 
I will now hand over the call to the Hester Management Team for their Opening 
Remarks. Thank you. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Priya Gandhi – Executive Director of 
Hester. I am happy to have you all here for our quarterly update where I will walk you 
all through the performance of the 1st Quarter of FY25. Hope you all have had a chance 
to look at our Results which just got published a while ago. 
This quarter has been about setting a strong foundation for the financial year in terms 
of divisional performances as well as our profitability. We have aligned our efforts to 
capitalize on emerging market opportunities and drive sustainable growth across all 
divisions. 
On the Divisional Performance: 
On a standalone basis, sales have increased by 36% quarter-on-quarter. However, if 
you see the overall sales shows a 9% decrease due to a one-time pharmaceutical 
product sales last year in Q1. But excluding that, our sales have risen. 
Coming to the Animal Healthcare Division: 
In Q1 our Animal Healthcare division experienced the growth of 41%. This growth was 
driven by both trade as well as center markets. The domestic dairy sector's positive 
trend characterized by a higher consumption of milk and milk products boosted sales 
of some of our mineral supplements and intramammary products. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Our focus on five key product brands in the trade market has resulted in an 8% growth 
for these products. Additionally, we also focused on trade demand and actively 
participated in the tender market, focusing on PPRs for sheep and goat and Goat Box 
Vaccine to immunise cattle against the lumpy skin disease. Looking ahead, we aim to 
leverage on the anticipated growth in the dairy sector and make offerings to meet the 
evolving market needs. 
Speaking of the Poultry Healthcare Division: 
Our Poultry Healthcare division achieved a growth of 35% in Q1. This quarter we 
focused on our core strength, which is vaccine. The recovery of the poultry industry 
helped us regain momentum. And that aside, our efforts to strengthen technical 
services in the field, including robust monitoring of vaccine administration and 
introducing a variant of the Newcastle Disease vaccine contributed to this growth. 
About the Petcare Division: 
The Petcare Division saw growth of 29% with the sales crossing Rs. 1 crore in the 1st 
Quarter, significantly outpacing the market growth of 9%. While our base is relatively 
low, the percent growth is nonetheless promising. This growth was driven by increased 
penetration among vet clinics, leading to more prescription of Hester products. Our 
focus on the prescriptive segment in the Petcare addressed unmet needs with products 
in categories of Parasiticide, Anti-inflammatory, and Anti-infectives contributing to the 
overall growth. Also, a new launch of a skin care tonic, which we introduced in Q1, 
proved popular amongst pet owners addressing seasonal skin conditions effectively. 
Coming on to the Financial Performance of Hester India: 
I am pleased to say that our profit has increased by 30%. Both EBITDA and PAT also 
grown, driven by a focus on high margin product, strong division performance and 
improved operational efficiency. 
Moving on to the consolidated results, division of sales has increased by 34%, although 
the overall performance shows a dip due to the one-time sales in the last quarter. 
About Hester Nepal: 
Hester Nepal achieved a turnover of Rs. 6.3 crores in Q1 compared to Rs. 6.5 in Q1 
FY24 with a net profit of Rs. 2.7 crores in this quarter versus Rs. 3.6 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. Hester Nepal has executed export orders against the 
government tenders and met domestic poultry vaccine needs. This quarter, it has also 
generated positive cash flows where we have fully paid all bank term loans. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Speaking of Hester Africa: 
Hester Africa registered a turnover of Rs. 2.8 crores in Q1 compared to 1.7 in the 
corresponding quarter. EBITDA turned around from negative 95 lakhs to a positive 37 
lakhs. However, the quarter ended with an overall loss of Rs. 4.9 crores, primarily due 
to the depreciation and unrealized foreign exchange fluctuation. Hester Africa is 
vigorously engaging in international tenders and cultivating trade demands across 
multiple African countries. Overall awareness and demand for the vaccine have been 
on a rising trajectory. 
Looking forward, we have set a tone for the year by introducing new initiatives and 
discontinuing less beneficial ones. Our focus is on leveraging segments within each 
division to their full potential. We are optimistic about the Pet division having received 
great feedback on our products and packaging. In the Poultry Division, we look forward 
to government support in launching the Avian Influenza Vaccine set to launch by Hester 
and other companies in the coming year. This, along with our strategic product launches 
tailored to market needs will strengthen our position further. 
In the Animal Healthcare Division, significant investment and effort will be dedicated to 
R&D with a primary focus in the large animal vaccine need. 
Thank you for your continued support and confidence in Hester. We are excited about 
the opportunities ahead and are committed to delivering sustainable growth and value 
to our stakeholders. 
And we now welcome your questions and look forward to a productive discussion. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter-Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
We have seen a drop quarter-on-quarter in the Poultry Division. So, I mean, can this 
be attributed to higher maize prices and low broiler prices in Q1? And also looking at 
the current trend of higher maize prices and broiler prices going down, how is the 
Poultry Division impacted by this, looking at the current situation, right now we are in 
July. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
This is Rajiv Gandhi over here. Your first sentence was not clear. We could not hear 
you properly. But from what I heard; you expressed a concern on the downtrend of the 
Poultry Healthcare Division. I think I am not understanding what you are referring to. 
But our sales closed in Q1 at Rs. 40.77 crores as against Rs. 30.29 in the corresponding 
Q1 of last year, which is a 35% growth. So, may I know what are you referring to? 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Sir, I am referring to quarter-on-quarter sales basically and also I am talking about the 
current trend on the maize prices going up and broiler prices going down? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think you may be referring to the market prices of broiler. This is Shravan month 
wherein normally there is always a dip in the broiler prices. This is a cyclical issue every 
Shravan. But seeing the overall trend, the poultry industry to whom we supply poultry 
vaccines and health products is in a reasonably good situation as what it was compared 
to in the last earlier two years. And in fact the feed costs have marginally gone down 
for the poultry farmers. 
Gunit Singh: 
Is that impacting our business in any way currently in the market right now? So, are 
we seeing any negative trends in the Poultry segment? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, we are not seeing any negative trend. And we really don't see. And if you look at 
today's broiler price or yesterday's or 10 days and we expressed our concern, I don't 
think that concern is a valid concern. I think you should not worry about our progress 
based on today's broiler prices. 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright, so I mean, we are seeing a healthy Q2 as compared to last year? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Gunit Singh: 
What is the maximum revenue potential from Nepal, Africa, as well as India units, and 
what is the current capacity utilization in all three? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In Africa, the total utilization could give us an approximately sale of total around 60 
crores in Nepal. I don't have these figures over here right now on what would be the 
total sales. One more thing you need to understand is that the sales depends upon the 
product mix. There are poultry vaccines which are sold in thousand-dose packs. There 
are large animal vaccines which are sold in 25-500 dose packs. So, all this is reasonably 
subjective and just we will be commencing on our expanded capacity for which the 
expenses have already been incurred and our freeze-drying capacity would be going to 
more than double than what it is at this point of time. 
Gunit Singh: 
When will this capacity come in? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Q3. 
Gunit Singh: 
Even the current capacity is not fully utilized, what is the confidence of bringing in new 
capacity and that it will be utilized to optimal levels? 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, I think our current capacity utilization has been near to full at Hester India and this 
is an expansion for which the expenses, the CAPEX has already been incurred. So, now 
it is only an upward trend. We are not talking about any CAPEX over here. Also in Africa 
and in Nepal, there is no now additional CAPEX that we are making to increase our 
capacity. So, I am not understanding the issue. I think whether I understand or not the 
bottomline is that we have built a good capacity in India. We don't need to spend more. 
We don't need to spend in Africa. We don't need to spend in Nepal at this point of time 
and we have a lot of spare capacity in Nepal as well as in Africa. That is our Tanzania 
Plant. 
Gunit Singh: 
So, what is the outlook for FY25 in terms of growth and the margins that we can expect 
over FY24? And also with this new capacity coming in in India, what kind of additional 
revenues can we expect as well with the pipeline that we have in FY26? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would have Priya answer this, but please also keep in mind that we are not here to 
give any guidance, any confirmed forecast. We have not done that. We would not want 
to do that. Before I hand it over to Priya, all that I can say we are on an upward trend 
on the topline as well as the bottomline and we hope to continue with this trend. Over 
to Priya. 
Priya Gandhi: 
I would just add on to what was said before, I think more than looking at the whole 
FY, I think what we need to see is that this quarter itself compared to the last quarter 
divisional rises shown a rise by 37%. So, I think that is a good enough indicator and I 
started off my talk by saying that this quarter has been a strong foundation in terms of 
the overall performance as well as profit. So, that is what we will be maintaining through 
the financial year. 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright. And would we be looking at improving our margins historically, we have done 
30% EBITDA margins. So, I mean, what's the outlook do we have in terms of the 
margin profile? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Our margins have already improved as you can see in this result itself. So, if you want 
to ask us quantitatively how much more, that's very, very difficult for us to really tell 
you. But I think you can keep this as a base and for the foreseeable future. 
Gunit Singh: 
So, 21% steady state operating margins are sustainable? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Richa: 
Sir, my question is what is the current breakup between vaccine and products, what is 
the breakup and how is the margin profile different for both the segments? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think we would not really want to give the basic break up between vaccine, health 
products etc. because this is how much ever more deep we go, then the next thing 
would be how much would be again if poultry vaccines and large animal vaccines etc. 
what we can say that vaccine business is at this point of time relatively a bit larger than 
the health products business and our focus remains to be on both equally and the 
growth potential in the health products is much more bigger than what it is in the 
vaccine. So, this is just a true market indicator. In terms of profitability, vaccines are 
relatively more profitable in terms rather than the health products so this is what it is. 
Richa: 
Okay, fair enough and so my second question is that in last quarter, there were some 
challenges that we were facing in Africa. So, of course there has been better 
performance but with regards to those challenges, it was related to currency and the 
government orders were delayed. Can you just give us some sense of, if the things 
have improved on that front or is it company specific effort that is leading to better 
performance in a challenging market condition. What kind of outlook do you have for 
Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The outlook for Hester Africa for our plant in Tanzania, you asked specifically on foreign 
exchange and orders. To answer the foreign exchange issue, there has been a 
devaluation. It's a routine thing, which is not much of a worry to us, though there has 
been a devaluation, but at the same time, prices of products and all also have gone up. 
In terms of orders, we are very confident that the business that we are expecting in 
the private sector as well as tenders from governments, we see a very extremely high 
visibility at this point of time as we speak. I would not want to make any indirect or 
direct mention on what is happening, but the Q3 and Q4 results in itself will prove the 
good progress of Hester Africa. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Garg from Ladderup Finance 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Garg: 
My first question is in line with the working capital cycle. If you can explain a little bit, 
if you can throw some light on working capital, how it goes in the corresponding year 
and the current year, quarter one? 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Working capital cycle in the sense of the inventories and debtors is what you are asking 
for? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
He is asking overall working capital. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Overall working capital needs from the channel inventories and debtors perspective 
believe around 4 to 5 months is what the working capital which we are required to 
maintain. 
Shyam Garg: 
Sir, can you please give a little detail on inventory and credit payables in all the 
segments? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
See, inventories, I would say, are primarily in the raw materials and work in progress 
for our vaccines, and for the health products which are traded good. So, that's the 
inventory we have to maintain at all of our depots and branches. So, around the two 
months is what is the inventory factor for inventory perspective and around similar 
numbers for the debtors because of the credit which we are giving in the market. 
Shyam Garg: 
And my second question is with respect to, if you can explain how the Africa business 
is going on and what are the expected numbers for the trend that we are expecting 
from the same and currently the evaluation, EBITDA has stabilized now or not? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Rajiv here, I just answered that to the earlier question. Africa is showing a lot of positive 
signs towards orders coming in from within a few months’ time and even the distribution 
network that we have created. All that I can say that we will be only going up in a 
geometric progression from where we are at this point of time, you could be rest 
assured of that and the African market, it is a tough market entry barriers, but once in 
it, we are there because there is very less competition. And plus, the distribution 
channel which we have created via our other company in which we have invested, 
Trishul Exim. So, we are focusing a lot on distribution and marketing, which is actually 
a very big thing in Africa because it is not that there is no market. It is that the 
reachability of products at the last level, that is which is important and we are focusing 
on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from GormalOne LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
Just wanted to know you mentioned about low pathogenic Avian Influenza Vaccine. 
When are you all targeting to launch it in India and outside India? 
Priya Gandhi: 
I think we are planning to do it in Q4 this year, Q4 or maybe Q1 next year. 
Manish Jain: 
And what can be the rough, very rough likelihood of sales in 3 years in India and 
exports? 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The potential for this H9N2 vaccine is reasonably good as far as India and exports. In 
fact, we see that export even would be a bigger potential place because not too many 
countries are manufacturing the H9N2 vaccine. In terms of market size etc., I think we 
could discuss this on an individual basis where there is some subjectivity which nothing 
to hide or nothing not to tell but I would avoid making any such quantitative forward-
looking statements, nothing else at all. 
Manish Jain: 
Perfect and my second question was we are developing a new Brucella vaccine, so 
what's the key advantage over existing vaccine and by when do we expect it to launch? 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, we have not really mentioned about it in this quarter, I mean of course it's going 
to be a recombinant modified vaccine. So, there is a lot of work being done in R&D, but 
we refrain from really mentioning it now in any of the press notes till we see something 
actually coming out. Having said that, it's just going to be a modified version of the 
conventional vaccine. It's going to be very, very safe. Brucella is a zoonotic disease 
where it can transmit to the human who's vaccinating. But this will ensure that the 
safety level is going to be very high and it's also going to be performing better in terms 
of the use of it which is to enhance productivity in the cattle. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So, the Brucella vaccine which is under development is mainly as safe for human beings 
who are going to be vaccinating the cattle. So, that's something which is extremely 
important on the safety and on the efficacy. It does not reduce the efficacy from this 
current S19 Brucella vaccine which is being currently administered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Kanodia from SmartSync 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Kanodia: 
Sir, I will just rephrase one of the questions of the earlier participants. I am not looking 
for exact numbers, but in an approximate way, if you can just give us some sense of 
how big or how much of capacity is utilized and how much is unutilized. Some numbers 
or some direction, I am not looking for exact answers, but some approximation as to 
how big we are, and we can go in Africa, India and Nepal? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
As I told you in Nepal, we can go up to Rs. 50 to Rs. 80 crores depending upon the 
vaccine product mix. At this point of time, we are utilizing only 30% of our capacity in 
Africa. In Africa, it is only 10% of the capacity and in India, we have utilized 
approximately 80% of our capacity and once this module gets into operation, our 
capacity utilization at that point of time would be approximately 45%. 
Aniket Kanodia: 
Thank you so much sir, that was very helpful. Just regarding the poultry vaccine and 
the poultry market in general. So, in the past when we look at last say 8-10 years, what 
we have seen is that generally it follows a cyclical pattern where 2-3 years of downturn 
gets, after that we see at least a 2-year period of good times in terms of demand for 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
the vaccine. So, do we expect something like that has begun over the last 1 or 2 
quarters? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would say the vaccine market, the poultry industry, rather, is right now on an upward 
curve at this point of time. So, we can expect this upward curve to remain for a good 
period of time. It has recently begun. But at this point, I would also like to make a 
mention that Hester Biosciences as a company is not dependent upon the poultry 
industry and its status, at one time yes. Before 10 years, 15 years, we were a poultry 
vaccine manufacturing company, which made us depend completely on poultry and the 
cycles would have impacted us a lot. But now with three divisions Poultry, Animal Health 
as well as Pet, the fastest growing division out of the three, of course, because it has 
a small base. Our relative dependency on any one division has become reasonably less. 
The percentage between Poultry and Animal Health is also somewhere like 55:45 or 
60:40, so we are reasonably covered and so that's what it is and of course with the pet 
division growing up, that would again add on to our philosophy on not being dependent 
on any one division. Your question was not exactly with this but I presume that was 
the intent, therefore I made these comments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. 
Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
Sir, my question is that in the press release, you have mentioned that the brands in the 
trade market are growing at 8%. If you could just elaborate a bit more on how is the 
profitability different in a brand versus maybe what's a non-brand, and what is the 
share of that? How is it moving? What kind of mix do you see there in the future that 
could help? 
Priya Gandhi: 
I think what you're mentioning is what we mentioned regarding the key brands in 
Animal Health. Is that what you're mentioning? 
Richa: 
Yes, you have given a figure, right, that it has grown 8% and will lead to better margin, 
leading to better profitability. So, I just wanted to know that how is like what percent 
of the business can be called brand aid? And how has this mix moved? What do you 
expect in terms of future and how is the profitability different? 
Priya Gandhi: 
No, by brand I mean our specific Hester brand is what I meant. But it meant eight 
products in a specific category on which we have our focus. Either it is to do with the 
margin they have or it is to do with how good they are performing, preference in this 
segment of our customers. That is, a couple of these things together make it our focus 
brand. And that has grown by 8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. And we are not 
comparing any branded, non-branded. That's not what the comparison is. In fact, the 
word brand, you can disregard. It just means certain focused product. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anshul Sehgal from Sehgal Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Sehgal: 
My first question is, what is the revenue contribution from Africa today? And is this a 
higher margin as compared to the India and Nepal business? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Africa contribution, it is Rs. 2.8 crores in our consolidated total turnover which is Rs. 82 
crores. So, out of Rs. 82 crores, Rs. 2.8 is what has come from Africa. It's mentioned 
on page 3 of our press note. In terms of gross margins, it is more or less in line with 
what we are in India. 
Anshul Sehgal: 
More or less in line, okay. My second question is, on that question of capacity that you 
just addressed, it seems like on full capacity from our business, we should be 
somewhere in the region of Rs. 800 to Rs. 900 crores in revenues. Is that a fair 
estimate? 
Priya Gandhi: 
It's honestly very, very difficult to really equate and make a max equation out of this 
because like we said, it really depends on the product mix. We have vaccines ranging 
from 5 doses to 1,000 doses, even 2,000 doses in poultry. So, really it will not be very 
accurate for us to say 800, 900,000, it really, really depends. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
And to be putting it very honestly, all the total of this will not total to Rs. 900 crores. 
Anshul Sehgal: 
Thanks. And my final question is that we have in the past done 33%, 34% kind of 
margins. And in this quarter, we have seen a significant uptick in margins. As Ms. 
Gandhi just mentioned that this should be looked at as the base for margins in the year. 
By when do we estimate that we will reach previous margins? Is that on full capacity 
utilization that we reach that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
It is our internal determination to reach to the margins as what you just asked in your 
question. Please do keep in mind one thing that those margins were at a time when 
there were only vaccines and there were no health products and that too only poultry 
vaccines where the cost of distribution, marketing are relatively low because it's more 
institutional business as far as poultry vaccine. Since that time till now, we have added 
health products in poultry, large animal vaccines, large animal health products as well 
as pets. While the product mix that we are working towards is to improve our current 
bottomline, improve our profitability, it is our endeavor to reach that and we are 
working towards that. At least this quarter has shown us that a little bit of tweaking 
that we have done, it has helped us to improve our margins tremendously. The 
endeavor continues to be in that direction. To give you a timeline on that would be a 
little difficult at this point of time, but we are working on it. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Anshul Sehgal: 
I have one final question. So, the question is that you spoke about the remodulation of 
the India capacity to vaccines and that is animal vaccines. Now as we understand this 
was a capacity which was built for human vaccines and it is being remodeled for animal 
vaccines. Was there some write-off taken in this capacity in the past? Is the write-off 
expected in future? Some costs that were incurred in transferring capacity from one 
sort of utilization to the other. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I understood your question, you are referring to the BS, the bulk antigen for the COVID 
vaccine for which we have set up a BSL-3 facility which we have made an application 
to the government of India to allow us to repurpose this for other animal vaccines. We 
will be using the same facility to make a few vaccines which are already in our pipeline 
or one for which we already have a license. There would be a minor modification not 
really much towards converting into our current usage. It would only increase our 
capacity. It would not lead to much of a financial CAPEX. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. 
Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
My question is how much investment have we made in Africa subsidiary? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Africa, totally the investment is US $20 million is the total investment made in Hester 
Africa, our plant in Tanzania. 
Richa: 
And sir, in the last call, I think you were saying that the pet division trend has actually 
kind of become more strong to what you were expecting with. So, I just wanted to 
know the investment we have done so far and with the growth this quarter, I mean, is 
your outlook better than what it was last year? Do you plan more investments and if 
so, how much? 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, as you can see, this quarter we have already crossed Rs. 1 crore, which obviously 
took more time in the last financial year. So, yes, as I mentioned, the division is that I 
mean, the pet segment has only grown by 8% to 9%. There definitely has been an 
impact post COVID. There has been lower adoption. Having said that, I mean, our 
growth is still 29% to 30% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Of course, the base is low. 
But still, I think, yes, we are hopeful on this division. There are couple of introductions 
and additions that we are going to be doing in the coming quarters. 
Richa: 
Okay, so is there any plan, investment in this segment? Is there a number to it? 
Priya Gandhi: 
There is no investment plan. We will only be focusing more on introduction of different 
kinds of products. Our focus is more going to be on the healthcare system based as 
opposed to the other pet segment which is gaining a lot of popularity, which is more 
into grooming and accessories, etc. That's not something that our focus is going to be, 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
which is a very crowded market. We are going to be focusing more on prescription 
based, healthcare related solutions. 
Richa: 
And just one more question, if I may. Could you share the breakup between tender 
business and private business maybe for the quarter or maybe last year, some kind of 
idea? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think these breakups, ma'am, is a difficult proposition. Not that there is too much of 
proprietary in that information, but we would not want to get into. We are not even 
sitting with these papers exactly on the breakup between tender and market. But our 
main business is definitely private market that is our focus for sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Manish Jain from GormalOne 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
I just wanted to know learn about the lumpy vaccine, what is the key difference 
between or first of all, is there a difference between the lumpy vaccine that we are 
developing in India and what we have launched in Africa? That's the first question and 
second is when are we likely to launch this updated LSD vaccine in India? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Now, Lumpy Skin Disease vaccine introduced in Hester Africa is with the Neethling 
Strain, which is internationally used for LSD vaccine. I am using the short for name LSD 
for Lumpy Skin Disease. So, we are using the Neethling Strain. And in India, we are 
using the strain isolated within India by IVRI and technology acquired from IVRI. So, 
this is the basic difference between the Indian LSD and the African LSD. The African 
LSD is already commercially launched. We are supplying in a few African countries and 
we have even made a supply to one of the Central Asian countries. While in India, our 
LSD vaccine, we hope to introduce it sometime later in the next calendar year. That is 
in 2025 later part. But this launch of it later does not impact the sales at this point of 
time because we are already supplying the Goat Pox Vaccine which is given very high 
immunity in cattle against Lumpy Skin Disease, but it is always better to have a more 
specific vaccine and therefore we will be manufacturing and launching the Lumpy Skin 
Disease Vaccine. 
Priya Gandhi: 
I would also like to add whenever we give a tentative timeline of launch, whether it is 
to do with the lumpy skin, or the Avian Influenza, or Brucella, these are all based on a 
set of assumptions and where we are at today. Regulatory standards in India are getting 
very stringent, even in the veterinary healthcare sphere. These timelines sometimes 
are not even in our control, but we are working towards the development and the 
launch. However, there are certain external factors which are not in our hands, which 
can make the timelines which we mentioned here on record vary. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
2 August 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Manish Jain: 
Yes, we understand. In fact, this acts as a huge entry barrier for anyone else, given 
that your portfolio is the largest in India. And just wanted to get an insight on the PPR 
vaccine where the outlook because the African market and all the African market funds 
got diverted to COVID fight. You've seen any trend or improvement in the PPR vaccine 
outlook? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Point number one, FAO and many other world such NGOs etc. keep on reminding us, 
make sure that your capacity is enhanced because PPR is going to be required in a very 
big manner. Now, these are sentences coming from all of such agencies. Point number 
two, it is very evident now that there is a high focus on PPR independently even in 
countries because what has happened is some of the countries have not kept their 
dependency on international funding and they have started even budgeting for 
themselves. Even Tanzania is considering budgeting itself for the PPR vaccine and two 
other vaccines. So, overall, we feel that the PPR sale has been much lower, not only 
for us worldwide, the PPR requirement has come less, not because of any other reason, 
but because of this funding and all these situations. But as we see now, there is a little 
positive upward movement in PPR orders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much for the question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the 
last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you all. As always, we try to answer as much as possible. Sometimes we have 
constraints. Sometimes we prefer deliberately not to address certain points. But it is all 
nothing to do with anything to hide or anything. It is just because of normal business 
reasons that is what we do. So, please do understand that and keep in mind. And as 
always, it's been a pleasure interacting with everybody and hope to again reconnect 
with you in our next call. Priya! 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, so in continuation to this, as I mentioned already that Q1 has been quite promising 
for us as you all have also seen the Results. And we owe it to you all to maintain this 
positive trend and positive trajectory. We may not have been able to answer every 
single question. There is a time constraint. And also, sometimes it gets a bit too specific, 
but we are always open to connecting on a personal level with any one of you, each 
one of you at any point of time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
