 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
DGM – Corporate Relations   
The Listing Department  
BSE Ltd.  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers          
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500408  
Bandra – Kurla Complex Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: TATAELXSI 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, 
held on July 10, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call can be accessed on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.tataelxsi.com/investors. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Elxsi Limited  
 
 
 
Cauveri Sriram 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
CAUVERI 
SRIRAM
Digitally signed by 
CAUVERI SRIRAM 
Date: 2024.07.15 
14:00:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Tata Elxsi Limited 
Q1 FY ‘24-25’ Earnings Conference Call” 
July 10, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ RAGHAVAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAI – CHIEF MARKETING AND CHIEF 
STRATEGY OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MS. CAUVERI SRIRAM – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHASHANK GANESH – ERNST & YOUNG 
 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Elxsi Q1 FY’24-25’ Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shashank Ganesh from E&Y. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Shashank Ganesh: 
Thank you very much. Good evening to all the participants on the call. Good morning for 
logging in from the Western side. Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the 
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. Therefore, it must be viewed in conjunction with the business 
risk that could cause further results performance or achievements that differ significantly from 
what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the senior 
management of Tata Elxsi, represented by Mr. Manoj Raghavan, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Nitin Pai, Chief Marketing and Chief Strategy Officer; Mr. Gaurav Bajaj, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Ms. Cauveri Sriram, Company Secretary. We will start the call with a brief 
overview of the past quarter by Mr. Raghavan, followed by a Q&A session. We would 
appreciate your cooperation in restricting yourselves to two questions to allow participants an 
opportunity to interact. If you have any further questions, you may join the queue and we will 
be happy to respond to them if time permits. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Manoj Raghavan. Over to you, Manoj. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you, Shashank. A very good evening to all of you, and thanks for joining us today for 
the Q1 FY '25 Earnings Call. I hope that you and everybody in your family are safe and 
healthy. I'm happy to report that we have delivered a steady quarter of growth. It was a good 
quarter for us, especially with our transportation business unit picking up growth momentum. 
Our revenues from operations during the first quarter was INR926.5 crores, growing 2.4% 
quarter-on-quarter and 8.4% year-on-year in constant currency terms. 
 
Our EBITDA for the quarter was INR252.3 crores, staying flat at 0.3% growth year-on-year. 
Our PBT for the quarter was INR252.4 crores as against INR262.4 crores in the previous 
quarter. We executed very well on operational excellence and fiscal discipline in this quarter 
towards bottom line performance despite the impact of an exceptional one-off expense in this 
quarter. 
 
The company made a contribution to the Progressive Electoral Trust of INR19.78 crores for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2024, which is included in the other expenses. If not for this 
onetime expense, our EBITDA margin would have been 29.4% and our PBT margin would 
have been 28.4%. In terms of verticals, I'm happy to share with you that the transportation 
business reported a strong growth of 5.3% quarter-on-quarter and 20.3% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms. Our deep domain knowledge and strong focus on engaging with 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
leading OEMs and suppliers across the globe, positions us well to capture the growth 
opportunities in the coming quarters. 
 
Given the current challenging environment for the media and communication industry, I 
believe we have done well by protecting our business and increasing our wallet share among 
our key customers, which has resulted in 0.5% quarter-on-quarter revenue growth in constant 
currency terms. Our commitment to strengthening client partnerships continues as we 
introduce new solutions aimed at enhancing growth and efficiency within the sector. 
 
The acquisition of a strategic network transformation project from our top telecom operator in 
North America, facilitated by our NEURON platform is particularly gratifying. Our Healthcare 
& Life Sciences business reported a decline in top line by 4.3% quarter-on-quarter in constant 
currency terms, while a significant delay in the renewal of certain projects with a major client 
in the U.S. is primarily responsible for this revenue decline. 
 
On the people front, we are doing well with our attrition rates declining further during the 
quarter. Since we normally do not add any freshers in the first quarter, the net employee 
numbers at the exit of Q1 FY '25 is a result of usual attrition plus some lateral hiring that was 
done on a need basis. We will add fresh engineers through the next 2 quarters as they graduate 
and become available. 
 
We continue to invest in digital, AI and Gen AI technologies across our verticals, targeting 
efficiency and quality in product engineering as well as novel applications of Gen AI 
combined with domain and design expertise to solve complex business, product and 
engineering problems. 
 
We are aiming to have 25% of our talent pool to be AI ready by December this year as we step 
into the second quarter of the financial year, with confidence of a healthy deal pipeline, 
continued growth in our transportation business and new customer wins and expansion of 
business with strategic customers across verticals. Thank you. 
 
And with this, we would let the floor open, and we'll take questions from our investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Sulabh Govila: 
So, my first question is on the growth piece. So, I just wanted to understand on the health care 
customer, the moderation that we've seen in this particular quarter, is there something which is 
over in 1Q, and 2Q should normalize going forward? Or this will see some effects in the 
coming quarter as well? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Maybe this will have an effect in H1, and we hope to normalize that in H2. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. So the related question to that is that last quarter, we had called out 
that we are sort of aiming to deliver revenue growth in FY '25 better than FY '24. So, given the 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
performance in 1Q as well as this health care customer moderation continuing in 2Q as well, 
does that outlook change? Or that sustains from here on as well? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No, we continue to stick with our guideline that we've talked about in the last quarter. We 
definitely want to exit this financial year with a better growth rate as compared to last financial 
year. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. And then with respect to the transportation vertical, just wanted to understand the 
strong growth that we've seen in this particular quarter. Is this broad-based? Or it's driven by 
the top client? In FY '24, we saw a strong contribution from the top client. So is that a trend 
that is continuing in 1Q as well? Or is there a change there? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No, it's a broad-based growth across multiple customers. Some of the deals that we had closed, 
their ramp-ups have actually started happening and all of those contributed to this 
performance. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Okay. And the last bit is on the tax rate front. I just wanted to understand whatever we reported 
this quarter, is the tax rate we should assume going forward as well? And for how long will 
that continue? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
Sulabh, this is Gaurav. Yes, I think we indicated during the last couple of quarters that in this 
financial year, our tax rate will go up because we are coming out of the tax holiday in few of 
our SEZ unit. One more SEZ unit came out of 100% bracket to 50% bracket. So going forward 
in this financial year, it would be likely in this range only. 
 
I think it will be very difficult to put any number beyond one year, because it also depends 
upon the various other regulations and disclosures or upcoming budget, we will see how to 
position it better for the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Manoj, just wanted to understand your thoughts on wage hike cycles for FY '25 and also the 
hiring plans because last quarter when you spoke, you said we'll have much more measured 
hiring in FY '25? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So the wage hikes will -- we are dividing the wage hikes into the junior staff and the 
senior staff. So the junior staff would get their wage hikes effective Q2 from July and the 
senior staff would get their wage hikes from Q3, that is October. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. If I understand correctly, this is different compared to the usual policy. And if you could 
also give us some sense on the quantum of wage hikes and the likely impact on the margin that 
we should expect on a go-forward basis? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
The average wage hikes would be in the range of 5% to 6%. But I think we are well covered 
with respect to margins and so on. We have enough levers to address that. So, I don't see too 
much of an impact on the wage hikes or on our margins. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. And if I can prod you further, if you could talk about how the center that you've put up in 
Michigan last year, how is that playing out in terms of improving our positioning with global 
auto OEMs, it'd be great to get your perspective on that, Manoj? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So, all these proximity centers are important for us basically from a view of being closer 
to the customer, right? So, it also shows our intent and our commitment to those markets. So 
from that point of view, it is very important that we take some of these initiatives. It's not just 
in Michigan, it’s across the globe. We have opened centers specifically focused on certain 
specific customers and so on. So I think all those investments are definitely helping us in 
playing a role in revival of some of the large engagements that they're seeing. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay. The last one, if I may, you've been talking about FY '25 being a better growth year than 
'24, but last year, transportation was a vertical which led growth while we saw challenges in 
media and communication as well as to some extent, even on the healthcare side. How should 
we be thinking about the growth mix across verticals from an FY '25 standpoint? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
The same. I think from an FY '25 perspective, definitely, again, growth will be led by 
transportation. Our industrial design business is also showing accelerated growth. And 
actually, the initiative that we started in terms of design, digital and combining design with our 
embedded offerings is really, really resonating with the industry and we're seeing good 
traction. We are seeing green shoots in the media and communication space, a lot more 
discussion is happening, a lot more customer traction is there. There are significant 
consolidation opportunities that we are bidding for. So we are hopeful that we will see a 
turnaround in that particular business. 
 
Health care, as you know, is a relatively smaller business. We have to really work through this 
one particular engagement. And unfortunately for us, in the healthcare business, the number of 
customers is also not too many. So we have some pretty good logos, good customer base. 
Unfortunately, even if there are some issues in one or two of those customers also, we will get 
hit, right? 
 
So our aim is also to broad base our customer engagements in the healthcare space. And I 
think we will get there. And I'm not too worried about the situation because this is the ER&D 
business. We will always have one or two of these challenges. But I think it is very much 
contained and we should be able to recover and grow. 
Manik Taneja: 
Manoj, if I can prod you a little bit further on this one, because you spoke about the focus on 
broadening our talent across some of these verticals. If I'm looking at your longer-term 
performance over the course of last couple of years' time, concentration has only gone up on 
account of the exposure to group companies, top two customer concentration has gone up. 
What will we have to do to essentially reduce the concentration at our end? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No. See, if you look at it from the size of our company, it is definitely going to be the top 10, 
top 20 customers will drive a lot of our revenues. There's no escaping that. There's no point to 
focus on a broad set of 100 customers and each of them not being significant enough. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
So from our perspective, from the size of business that we have, we will continue to have a lot 
more focus on our top 20 customers because that is what will drive our growth. So we want to 
be a lot more relevant to these customers, build strategic relationships with these customers 
and grow with these customers. So that would be the focus. And I'm not overly concerned with 
that sort of a client concentration. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aayush Rastogi from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
So just wanted to understand on the health care vertical side. So we are aiming to go ahead 
with 20% of the SDS revenue. How are we planning on that? ? Because if we see in the last 2 
quarters, we are reporting a degrowth in this vertical. So can you just let us know what's the 
strategy behind that? 
Nitin Pai: 
This is Nitin here. Maybe I'll take that question. I just want to clarify that the whole call out for 
a 40-40-20 mix was a strategy call, right, which is to do with how do you see ourselves in the 
long term? How do you see ourselves derisking?  
 
The fact is that fundamentally in the ER&D business, you have industry cycles. Every industry 
will go through a cycle. Equally, you have geopolitical risk. You will have currency mix risk 
and so on. So the question was, how do you manage your portfolio well? But having said that, 
as much as all of you are fantastic portfolio managers, you would also appreciate the fact that 
you would leverage an opportunity when it presents itself. To that extent, automotive and 
transportation is the largest growth opportunity at this time and therefore we are not worried 
about it becoming 50% for example even as the percentage contribution of the other two 
shrink. 
 
But having said that if I were to step back about 8, 10 quarters back all through COVID and a 
little beyond, automotive was the one that was delivering negative/flat growth, and it was 
media and communications and healthcare that were driving all the top line growth that we 
needed. 
 
So to that extent, think of this as a larger broad guideline for the fact that we want derisking of 
industries, we want a little better mix of industries rather than overly concentrated industry 
presence. But having said that, the actual percentage of revenue contributions of any given 
industry at a given time would actually be dependent on the market opportunity. So please 
treat it as a guideline. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
Thanks for the detailed answer. Just a second question on transportation. So transportation is 
doing phenomenally well. So is it totally driven by the top 20 clients and what kind of 
visibility are we gauging for the next set of, let's assume post-20 clients? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. So maybe I'll take that question again. So if you look at the automotive industry you have 
to remember that we have a very large base of customers there. The base of customers 
comprises of OEMs, Tier 1 suppliers as well as some select tool software and Tier 2 suppliers 
within the same industry. So it's a broad-based portfolio. In fact, we have significant depth 
there.  

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Some of the challenges that we've had was also that not all segments of that particular industry 
are doing well. The OEMs are doing very well in terms of spend. Remember when I say I’m 
doing well, I mean it from a perspective of outsourcing and engineering. So we are in a process 
of also carefully pruning and curtailing the portfolio and looking at how do we consolidate and 
grow around the set rather than it being a question of whether you can derive revenues from a 
very large number. 
 
So again this is a strategic call where the number of customers that we have is significantly 
higher in automotive and it’s a choice for us to kind of figure out where we want the growth to 
come from. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. So a couple of questions. Firstly on the transportation vertical, the strong growth 
we saw this time was maybe driven by the ramp-up of some of the deals we had won earlier. 
But how should we think about the trajectory from a sequential growth momentum perspective 
going ahead? Do we expect a moderation to happen given that this was something which was 
bunched up this time around, but maybe we see some moderation going ahead. So any 
thoughts over there? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I think we see a good deal pipeline and a good momentum that is there. I mean if you ask me, I 
would assume that we will be able to show similar growth. I'm not sure that we will better the 
growth or it will be around the same growth. So I know it's coming off a quarter where we've 
shown very slow growth. So I think it's good that we bounced back immediately, and we were 
able to deliver this satisfying performance.  
 
We hope to continue this growth. So we have that visibility. It's now up to us to convert that 
visibility into revenues and deliver that growth. So there are opportunities and there is that 
visibility that we have. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly on the margin side any reason for pushing out the wage hike 
because typically, it happens over 1Q and 2Q, but this time we are doing it over 2Q and 3Q. So 
any particular reason and related question is how should we think about margins from a full 
year perspective? Are we looking at flattish or is there a scope for some expansion as well? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I think we will continue to be within the stated margin range… 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
28% to 29%. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes around 28%. Essentially the way to look at it is if you look at the entire financial year 
perspective, we hope to maintain last year's performance, maybe beat it a little bit and all of 
that depends on our revenue growth in the subsequent quarters and so on.  

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
Yes, there are enough levers for us to manage that. I think in the previous year or the year 
before we've done exactly the same - July and October. So again we take a call depending on 
our wage budget perspective. We look at it and we model it, and we take a call. We typically 
want the people cost to be anywhere between 56% to 57% of our revenues. So we do a lot of 
modelling and then we take a call in terms of what is the right thing to do. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. Just lastly outlook on media and telecom, are we seeing any green shoots? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
We see some green shoots definitely. There are some large consolidation opportunities that we 
are bidding for and at the same time let me tell you that the industry is still under a lot of 
stress.  
 
There is a lot of M&As happening. There is a lot of pressure to bring down the overall budgets 
and move work from high-cost countries to best-cost countries like India. So there are a lot of 
things happening in that industry, but we are on top of many of these and there are deals in the 
pipeline. So we feel a little bit more confident now. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from Ageas Federal Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Urmil Shah: 
So my question was on the transportation verticals. In Q4 earning call we had said that the 
rampup of the large deal would be done in Q1. So when we are talking about similar sort of 
growth in the near term, are there more such deals or there are smaller deals which are 
expected to drive the growth and also in Q4 we had spoken about the OEM share now being 
56%. So is that part of the pie expected by the growth in the vertical? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Answering  the latter part of the question, yes, definitely, we see a lot more traction in the 
OEM space. And yes, when you look at our pipeline, it's a bucket of opportunities, right? Not 
everything is large opportunity, not everything is small opportunity. There's a bucket of 
opportunities that we are chasing. And I can tell you it's a pretty healthy bucket that we are 
chasing. And yes, I think we are confident that we will be able to show good growth again next 
quarter. 
Urmil Shah: 
And in the last few quarters, the transportation vertical growth has relatively been inconsistent 
versus what we have done earlier. So this time, you are more confident that the growth should 
be more consistent at least over the next couple of quarters, right? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
At this point in time, sitting today, that's the visibility that we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. Sir, two questions. This quarter, we 
saw an increase in the on-site mix presumably maybe because of the ramp-up. But any color in 
terms of what could the mix be or what is a sustainable level? And the second is on the 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
headcount, anything that you want to add in terms of the numbers of headcount that we have 
seen for the quarter? Is this a one-off or the mix could keep on changing as you highlighted as 
you hire the freshers? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes, I think this quarter, we had a slight uptick in our on-site percentage, which is pretty 
normal, I would say, especially when you start up new engagements and so on. Customers 
would definitely want the initial phase typically to be on site. A sustainable level, I mean, from 
our perspective, it's definitely 25-75. And we will hover around that range only.  
 
From a headcount perspective, so over the past four quarters, we have very, very diligently 
ramped up our resource pool in expectation of some of the large deals picking up. We see that 
some of these deals are really picking up now. So from that perspective, I think we are well 
placed. Further hiring would exactly be based on improving our utilization and utilizing the 
resources that we have already hired and so on. 
 
When you look at a lateral hiring, it will be muted. However, it will be on a need basis. As and 
when we definitely need certain skills we'll go out and hire. But we won't be hiring in bulk, 
especially from a lateral perspective because we already have built a sizable bench, and we're 
pretty confident on the capabilities and skills that we have. 
 
Fresher hiring, again, will be spread out over the next two or three quarters. And again, we will 
take a call based on the project ramp-ups and revenue uptick. So we will be a little cautious in 
adding costs, especially engineering headcount because we want to get back to our preferred 
margin, given that we had this one-time expense and so on. So we'll be a little cautious as 
compared to the last financial year. But having said that, we will keep our commitments in 
terms of the resources we have onboarded. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
So just to clarify, the net reduction in the employee was more about prudence rather than an 
uptick in attrition. I mean I know the attrition number is flat quarter-on-quarter. But there is no 
change in the quarterly annualized attrition for us, right? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Annualized attrition, actually, has come down. But yes, so typically what we do is, even 
though we have attrition every quarter, the number of resources we had is far higher. But in 
this quarter, we have not added any freshers because Q1, typically, we don't add too many 
freshers. Even if we add freshers, it's usually in the last week of the quarter and so on that 
people join. But this quarter, we have not added. So that is why I think net addition has come 
down. Having said that, again, I say, we will be cautious moving forward. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you and that was very helpful. Best wishes for the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh from Zenith. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
Yes. Good evening. My question is like you mentioned about one-time expense. I didn't get 
that. Can you please elaborate on that, please? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So the company made a contribution to the Progressive Electoral Trust of INR19.78 
crores in the last quarter. So that is a one-time expense that we talked about. 
Rajesh: 
Okay. And secondly, our revenue has grown but our profitability has been very constant for 
the last few quarters. So what can be done to increase the profitability in the company? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I'm not sure when you say that our profitability is down or... 
Rajesh: 
No, I'm not saying it's down, just being very stagnant. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. I mean we have peaked our efficiency right, EBITDA of 28% plus. Not too many 
companies in the industry have such EBITDA. 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
And if you add that one-time expense, I think you can draw a better conclusion in terms of the 
absolute margin that we would have grown compared to the previous quarter. 
Rajesh: 
And can we also expect some kind of a bonus in time to come or…? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. I mean that is -- we've been discussing at the Board level as well. And we will inform the 
investors in market once we have an approval from our Board. These are items that we clearly 
discuss. At this point in time, we have nothing to share. 
Rajesh: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Shriram Thavkar from JM Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Shriram Thavkar: Thanks for the opportunity. My question was related more so from the GCC angle. So given 
that every day we are seeing a lot of setups happening in India and the narrative that they want 
to do more and more innovation work by themselves, would you like to comment on how that 
event is going to pan out for a company like us? Is it something which is coming into play, or 
do you feel in the near term, there could be some hiccups? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
GCCs are both an opportunity as well as a threat. It's not that every company would move all 
the work to their GCCs. Most of our customers have a balance between what they give to their 
own centers GCCs and what they outsource or work with strategic partners like us. So we have 
not seen a case where 100% they only work with their own centers, and they don't want to 
work with anybody else. GCC is in the same market. They also struggle to get resources, to 
train resources, to upskill them and keep them ready and so on. 
 
I think in most of our customer places even though they have GCCs, they also work with us. 
So we definitely bring in a certain set of capabilities built over 30-plus years of history that we 
have in doing ER&D business. There's not too many companies that have such a strong 
domain knowledge and deep history in this domain. 
 
What is a GCC? GCC is just built by hiring people. So GCCs take time. You need to build that 
culture. You need to build that bonding. You need to build a talent base. And so it’s very easy 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
to look at GCCs and say they have set up a center and all the work will go there. Practically, 
that doesn't happen. 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. Maybe I can just add a little bit. This is Nitin. The risks are much higher when you're 
talking about typical back offices because what you're doing is you're outsourcing very 
classical IT work, BPO work and so on, where the risk of GCC is taking over what was 
otherwise done by IT companies is quite high. Engineering is a lot more difficult and a lot 
more involved. At the same time, I'll also say there was a positive here, which is the fact that 
GCCs also break down barriers within the organization that we are working with about moving 
work to India. 
 
So in that sense, we also see a positive halo around the fact that look, the very fact that the 
leadership is endorsing a GCC also means that there is that much lesser barriers to outsourcing 
and offshoring. 
Ashish Shriram Thavkar: And just to take that point forward you also said that in terms of the feedback that is available, 
you'll be cautious on adding the talent. So whatever we had on our bench and we feel that is 
sufficient to take care of the growth for the next year? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No, I won't say that. And it's not that we are choking off or stopping hiring. We will still 
continue to hire on a need basis. It's not that we have all the capabilities ready for a large deal 
that comes up or ramp up and so on. At any point in time, if any deal comes up - 70%, 80%, 
90% we will have the capability. We may still need to go out and add a few people depending 
on the technology areas and so on. But we will be cautious is the thing. It's not that I'll go out 
and add 1,000 people without that visibility. I'm not going to do that because I already have 
that bench. 
Ashish Shriram Thavkar: Yes. That's helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Ganeshan from SBI Pension Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Ganeshan: 
I had just 2 questions. If I look at your client concentration in top 5 and top 10 versus Q1 FY 
'24. In top 5, we have seen a concentration go up by almost 500 basis points and top 10 by 
600-plus basis points. So would this be explained by the larger clients growing faster? Or how 
does this add up if you could give some color? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
We can't say that it is only due to one customer growing or it's a mix - Top 10 customers also 
have a mix of customers not just only from the automotive industry, from the media industry 
as well as the healthcare industry. So there's a mix of customer base in the top 10. And I would 
say we have seen broad-based growth. 
 
Our strategy has been to really mine these accounts deeper go for new buying centers, build 
strategic relationships, build deeper relationships with these customers so that we can have a 
longer-term business with them. I think that is a strategy that we laid out not just for the top 10 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
customers but for the top 20 customers also. And that is where we are seeing this positive 
business growth and positive outcomes. I think we are comfortable with that situation. 
Abhinav Ganeshan: 
Fair enough, sir. Just a follow-up on that. When I'm looking at your geo mix also, when I look 
at it same time last year, America's contribution was around 40%, which has dropped down to 
33% and Europe has gone up from 37% to 42%. I'm just trying to understand whether 
European OEM & transportation businesses have been doing better for us compared to say the 
U.S. telecom and U.S. health care. Is the understanding is correct? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So the transportation business for us is largely driven through Europe, whereas our media 
and telecom and health care both are largely dependent on the U.S. market. And if you look at 
it both those segments have not been growing aggressively. And that is how our US share is 
also dipping slightly. 
Abhinav Ganeshan: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you for the great understanding. All the best to you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Manoj, just wanted to get your sense with regards to what we've seen in the recent months or 
quarters is that the number of traditional IT companies have made substantial acquisitions on 
the automotive ER&D space, how does that change the competitive intensity for you? If you 
could share your thoughts on that. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
True, yes. We have seen the likes of HCL, Infosys and so on make large acquisitions. So far, 
we have not seen an immediate impact in any of our customer base. Also, we understand that a 
lot of the companies that they've acquired are a lot more in the traditional mechanical 
engineering space - not too much of focus of capabilities in new age; whether it is digital space 
or the connected car space or the electrification space. We don't see any of them. So we are 
watching the space carefully. But at this point of time, we don't see too much of an impact on 
our current customers. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwini Kumar Singh from Statpro Fintech Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Kumar Singh: 
Sir, my question is that in the previous con call, we said that almost 25% of the workforce will 
be AI-ready by quarter 2 or quarter 3 of the current financial year. So I would like to 
understand, are we on that path or not? And which particular sectors are you looking at in the 
AI segment? And how it can add to the top line of the company? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So we are aggressively working on that, Ashwini. And the target is to have about 25% of 
our staff trained in these technologies by December. And we have more than 100 POCs across 
segments, right, automotive, media and communication, healthcare as well as there's some 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
very interesting design POCs as well. So it's broad-based across the organization that we are 
going ahead. 
 
We are having some very interesting conversations with customers. So it's early days. And it's 
not just us, but even for our customers, it's early days. So, we're trying to really together figure 
out the impact of these technologies and what benefits we can bring. So, we are pretty excited 
on this, and that's something that we'll continue to focus on. 
Ashwini Kumar Singh: 
And are we doing something in the semiconductor space? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
We don't directly do the semiconductor chip design. But however, in each of our industry 
verticals, because we are in an embedded space, we definitely need to partner with the major 
chip companies to build solutions on top of the chips, right? So, whether it's on the firmware 
layer or the application layer. So, in each vertical, we have partnerships with the 
semiconductor companies. So, I think that's our focus and that's our strategy. 
Ashwini Kumar Singh: 
So, the revenue for these should be flowing from the next financial years? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I mean, revenues are already there. We have revenues coming in from semiconductor 
companies as we speak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Moez Chandani from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Moez Chandani: 
I wanted to understand your outlook on utilization. Given that headcount has declined, do you 
see the utilization levels right now have peaked? Or do you think that there's still more leeway 
for increasing your utilization? And could that have an impact on margins as well? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Absolutely. I mean, utilization has not peaked at all, right? We have a long way to go. And that 
is where we are confident that we have enough levers to manage the margins. So yes, so that 
will be the focus in the coming 3 quarters in the years, right? We really need to ramp up our 
utilization. So, as the deals pick up, definitely, utilization will also increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Sir, I have one question on media and communication vertical. So, what's the behaviour of 
clients who experience for this vertical during the quarter? And what's the outlook going 
forward? Because in previous one of the calls, we mentioned that by end of the years, we were 
expecting that this vertical to bottom out. So, is it still intact? Or any behavioural change you 
witnessed even in the 1Q as well? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I explained about it in a few questions before. I believe that, look, we have bottomed out and 
there are some green shoots, some good opportunities that we are chasing. Yes, it's still a tough 
market. There are still a lot of M&As going on, a lot of focus on cost reduction. There are a lot 
of layoffs happening at our customer places. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
There's a lot of push towards best cost locations and offshoring and so on and so forth, right? 
So, having said that, there are some good large consolidation opportunities and large deals that 
we are seeing. Of course, it will take 1 quarters or 2 quarters to fructify and move forward. But 
I think we are seeing some positive revivals. 
 
Plus there are some good deal wins, especially with the NEURON platform that we have 
launched. So, we are really looking at opportunities in 5G and 6G space as well as we speak. 
So, these are all opportunities for us that can really help this vertical to grow in this financial 
years. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay, all the very best. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Manoj, could you give out how much would be the OEM mix with the Transportation in the 
current quarter? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
66%. 
Apurva Prasad: 
66%. Got that. And on the Healthcare & Life Sciences segment, this delay in renewal, what 
would you attribute that to by the large customer that you mentioned earlier? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes, Apurva, I'll take that. In this particular case, I think it's simply business challenges at the 
customer side. They have had some growth challenges on their own top line and so on. So, 
there are very specific, I think, CFO-led initiatives to calm down on cost, which is affecting 
our R&D programs. So, we expect that to be short term. But having said that, we are keeping a 
close watch. 
Apurva Prasad: 
And would you expect a similar decline next quarter? I'm asking this because I believe last 
years, you added some marquee names in the vertical. And I think that goes along with the 
ODC setup. So, would that sort of offset the impact that you're seeing from this? Or this could 
likely continue for a quarter more? 
Nitin Pai: 
To that extent, ramp-ups that we do in other deals, we cannot fully make up for what we have 
here. There is an expectation that some, if not all of the renewals should come through. And I 
think that is what we're aiming for. It cannot be 100% pullback of everything, which is okay. 
 
As long as we have partial, we should be able to fill up with what we're doing with other 
customers, some of the great logos that you won because there's a growth path there, even 
though typically, healthcare is a little bit of a conservative industry, it doesn't kick in too early 
too quickly but there's a good pipeline there. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 10, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
There's a good visibility there. But it is important that, yes, we recover some of the renewals 
and get them going, even if not all. So, that is the only place where there's some dependency, 
Apurva, to that extent. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you, everybody, for attending the investor conference. We really look forward to 
talking to you again the next quarter. And as a management team, we're really focused and 
keen to continue this growth path and continue on the recovery at least in some of the verticals 
like Media and Communication. We are fairly confident that we have a good sort of pipeline 
and fairly confident that we'll end the financial years positively. So, that's something that as a 
management team, we're really focused and committed. So, thank you again, and look forward 
to talking to you again next quarter. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tata Elxsi, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
****** 
