 
 
GE Power India Limited 
CIN- L74140MH1992PLC068379 
 
Corporate Office:  Axis House, Plot No I-14, Towers 5 & 6, 
Jaypee Wish Town, Sector 128, Noida, Uttar Pradesh – 201304
T+91 0120 5011011 | F +91 0120 5011100  
 
Registered Office: Regus Magnum Business Centers, 11th floor, 
Platina, Block G, Plot C-59, BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra – 400051 
T + 91 22 68841741 
Email id: in.investor-relations@ge.com  
https://www.gevernova.com/regions/in/ge-power-india-
limited 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 06 August 2024                   
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GEPIL 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532309 
Sub.: Transcript of Investor call held on 30 July 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated 30 July 2024 relating to the Audio recording of the investor call held on 30 July 2024, please find 
enclosed a copy of its transcript. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly,  
 
For GE Power India Limited  
 
 
Kamna Tiwari 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 
 
 
Enc.- As above 
 
KAMNA 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by KAMNA 
TIWARI
DN: cn=KAMNA TIWARI c=IN 
o=PERSONAL
Reason: 
Location: 
Date: 2024-08-06 12:49+05:30

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“GE Power India Limited Investors Conference Call” 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AASHISH GHAI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CFO, GE POWER INDIA LIMITED  
MR. PUNEET BHATLA – EXECUTIVE-BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS SERVICES, GE POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. STUART CONNOR – PROMOTER REPRESENTATIVE 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the investor call of GE Power India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain – Managing Director of the company. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you. A very good evening and a very warm welcome to all of you for joining the call 
today. 
Today's call is a follow-up on our previous Investor Call on the 18th of July. For this call, I 
welcome my team who will join me to answer your queries. I have with me Aashish Ghai – CFO 
of GEPIL, GE Power India Limited. I have Puneet Bhatla who is the CEO of the Services 
business. And I have with me today also Stuart Connor, who is the CEO of Steam Power Global 
as a promoter representative on the call. In today's call, we will cover two topics and thereafter, 
we will have ample time for questions and answers. 
First, on the 25th of July, GE Steam Power International BV announced the plan to end the 
depromoterization and exit from GE Power India Limited. The second topic is the follow-up on 
the questions with the hydro and gas slump sale on the presentation that we had made on the 
18th of July. We had several questions and there were several investors on the call to follow up 
with queue and we wanted to provide an opportunity to ensure that we had all the questions 
covered. 
First topic on depromoterization: 
On 25th of July 24, GE Power India Limited issued a public disclosure mentioning that GE 
Steam Power International BV, the promoter, has ended its plan to exit from GE Power India 
Limited and end its plan to depromoterize. GE Steam Power International BV will continue to 
be the promoter of the company. The board of directors of the company in its meeting held on 
25th July has taken note of the above communication and the decision was communicated to the 
stock exchanges. This is in continuation of the earlier disclosures made by the company on 22nd 
September 2020, 9th February 2022, 6th October 2023 and 3rd April 2024, providing an update 
on the topic from time to time. GEPL’s management has outlined a proposal which aims to put 
your company on a sound financial footing by focusing on lower risk and high margin business. 
The promoter GE Vernova supports this strategy. To date, GE Vernova has not been able to find 
a new promoter on its earlier announced depromoterization program which and therefore on this 
basis has decided to end its plan to exit from GEPL and depromoterize. 
On the second topic of hydro and gas slump sale: 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
As disclosed by the company on 10th of July 24, the Board of Directors of the company have 
approved the sale and transfer of its hydro business undertaking to GE Power Electronics India 
Private Limited, a related party, and the gas power undertaking of the company to GE Renewable 
Energy Technologies Private Limited, a related party. The completion of the slump sale of hydro 
and gas business shall be subject to necessary approvals, including minority shareholders' 
approvals. 
I would also like to highlight that, provided the transaction does not receive support from our 
minority shareholders, the company will face challenges on sustaining positive net worth and 
will have difficulties to finance both working capital and bank guarantee requirements, which 
will impact the company's capacity to bid for new projects and to support the growth strategy. I 
would urge the minority investors to support the proposal and we are very happy to provide any 
clarifications that you may seek as the net worth of the company has been constantly 
deteriorating and we have provided the information regarding the same on the presentation that 
is uploaded on the stock exchange. 
The sale consideration of these two transactions is based on independent valuation reports from 
Grant Thornton Valuation Advisors Private Limited. The fairness opinion on the valuation is 
provided by RBSA Capital Advisors LLP, a SEBI-registered company. Merchant banker RBSA 
and GT in their valuation report have recommended a positive valuation of Rs. 438.6 million for 
the gas power business and a negative valuation of 1,001 million. The valuation is based on 
internationally accepted methodologies and compliance with Companies Act 2023. Grant 
Thornton has done the valuation as per the income approach evaluating the company's cash 
generation potential based on a discounted cash flow method to derive the enterprise and equity 
valuations of the businesses. 
Notwithstanding the negative valuation for hydro business, GE Vernova has offered a nominal 
purchase price of Rs. 1, which is at a rupee premium of Rs 100 crores on the valuation. In spirit 
of transparency and good governance, the company has uploaded these reports of valuation on 
the company's website and on the stock exchange for your quick reference. I would urge once 
again to remind and highlight, why this transaction is important to the company. The current net 
worth of the company has depleted to Rs 57 crores as on 31st March 2024 and this has been 
constantly depleting quarter-on-quarter for past several quarters due to the cost and project 
updates in the hydro power projects and also in the cost updates received from the EPC FGD 
projects and certain ESP deals due to which your company was incurring losses for almost 2 
years. And that has led to a significant deterioration in the balance sheet. It has also led to the 
investor rating of the company to degrade to BBB negative which is on the brink of a rating that 
supports an investment grade rating. Any further deterioration on this net worth could take the 
net worth of the company to zero or negative. And therefore, that could impact the company's 
ability as several tenders have a positive net worth as a criteria for qualifying and supporting the 
bids. And therefore, that could put the company in a very difficult situation. 
To summarize: 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
The transaction has a direct impact on our ability to be able to bid for further tenders. It has a 
direct impact on the credit risk of your company and the funds availability for both bank 
guarantees and the working capital for funded and non-funded limits. This transaction would 
have an impact of positive Rs. 296 crores excluding taxes which will provide net worth boost to 
the company. And this is significant.  
Therefore, I request all of you to support, and we are happy to take your questions. Over to you 
for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is in 
the line of Tushar Bhavsar from Cognizance 4D. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
My question is, like I'm looking at the valuation report page 2 right where the Grant Thornton 
report where the hydro business is showing like the revenues and like from the operations of 
hydro business only. So, in 2021, it shows that the company made a profit of Rs. 5 crores. But 
then in ‘22, ‘23, ‘24, we experienced heavy losses with Rs. 83 crores, Rs. 12 crores, and Rs. 4 
crores in ‘24. But if I go down for the projected one. 
Prashant Jain: 
In million rupees, that is Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 12 crores, that's right. 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
Correct, million rupees, Rs. 40 crores. Sorry, I misplaced one of the decimals, I guess, yes. But 
now in 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30, if you go on page 4, right? It is showing like net positive result, 
right? It's showing Rs. 23 crores, Rs. 103 crores, Rs. 94 crores, Rs. 49 crores, Rs. 26 crores, and 
Rs. 27 crores of profit of EBITDA. 
Prashant Jain: 
Yes, that's right. It's a very good question. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
Right. So, the point is like we raised a calf and now it's becoming a cow, and we are selling the 
cow at a dollar. Again, like when it's time to milk it. 
Prashant Jain: 
Yes, very good question. I actually clarified this, and I would clarify again. The hydro business 
has contracts that are lasting over a decade. We have contracts which have started from 2011 
and we have not yet come to conclude even this year. So, what you're seeing in the past is year-
on-year the dates of the project shifting and therefore we are receiving cost updates year-on-year 
as the project gets delayed. Because of the delay of the project, we have additional costs on the 
side for execution of the project and we have in some cases also hit the ceiling of the price 
variation clause. And those are either subject to independent engineer evaluation or arbitration 
or such mechanisms to see if we can actually recover any of those costs that we had to escalate 
in these years. Now the valuation that we have done, which is in the favor of the contracts, what 
we have done is we have valued the contract on the contractual dates and contractual terms. So 
from the valuation point of view, that is actually a very valid observation that the reality of what 
you see in the last few years is the cost updates, project delays. In the valuation of the unfinished 
work portion of the contracts and also, so that we have assumed that there will be no further 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
delay. That's one. However, we are seeing constantly delays on the hydro projects because of 
several factors like geology, topology, land acquisition, environmental clearance, labor unrest, 
etc. All these are continuing every year and therefore we are assuming no further delay in the 
cost, no further cost update in the valuation for the contract. So that is favorable in valuation 
because we are assuming zero delays in the future, whereas the reality, every project literally, as 
you have seen, is constantly getting delayed because of factors which are many external than 
what we can control in the management. That is the first part. The second part, we have also 
assumed additional three orders that we will book. And I want to give you an example of one 
contract for which we have taken an approval almost a year ago from the shareholders for the 
bank guarantee and related party transactions. Unfortunately, even after almost a year, we have 
not been able to close the contract. But for the valuation perspective, we are assuming that three 
more orders will be signed without delay, and they will be executed without any slippage of the 
margin in the future. Therefore, from the valuation point of view, the management has 
considered a favorable future as compared to the reality which has been very difficult in the past 
three years. Now as regards the financials are concerned, I will ask my colleague Aashish to 
clarify on the EBITDA levels and what actually we are seeing so that you get further clarity. 
And it's a very good question and I want to follow up further if you still have any open points 
there. Aashish, over to you. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Thanks, Prashant. Thank you for asking this question, Mr. Tushar. So, like Prashant said, I think 
if you look at the last 3 years, the EBITDA levels have been around negative 16%, which kind 
of reflects the reality of project delays and the cost of it, like Prashant said. However, if you look 
at the next, I mean, till 2030 you have the projection, but let's say, apple to apple 3 years, if you 
look at the next three years, average Rs. 1000 crores – Rs. 1,100 crores of topline is what we are 
forecasting for hydro. At an EBITDA level which is there what you're able to see is around 7%. 
However, what you don't see, and I would just like to clarify that below the profit before tax 
level which you are comparing when you look at the previous page for the next 2 years, we still 
expect the net free cash flows to be negative for hydro for 2025 and 2026. But at the EBITDA 
level, it is yes, positive. For the reasons that Prashant mentioned that the assumption for this in 
the valuation exercise, there is no further delays assumed, and hence no cost updates on account 
of prolongation. The backlog margins would remain intact and the new orders which we have 
baked in into the projections are at a much higher margin that we have on the backlogs currently. 
So those are few favorable, but at the time of representation or assumption that are baked in into 
the valuation of it. 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
Okay, my point is, I guess like, but now we are not doing the depromoterization, right? Like, 
then we should have solid backing from Vernova, right for our guarantees? 
Prashant Jain: 
See the issue on the depromoterization or not, if you look at the condition of the company today, 
you will see that the net worth of the company is coming to close to zero. And another couple 
of quarters, we are looking at the projections currently, the company will enter into negative net 
worth and the credit ratings will be downgraded despite the promoters backing today, we are 
already deteriorated to the BBB negative. And once we get into negative net worth zone, the 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
credit rating will be further deteriorated, and the cost of capital will go up. And the hydro 
basically is going to require additional Rs. 500 crores of debt and additional guarantees. A bank 
guarantee should be issued, which is going to not convert into margin and cash in reality. The 
valuation, yes, we have considered favorable. But if you look at our practical experience, this is 
an additional stress on the balance sheet that the company will not be able to take for the next 
few quarters. And therefore, the condition is quite critical. We have three working capital cycles 
in the company today. The first is hydro, where we are seeing more than 10 years plus on the 
cash conversion for a hydro project. It is also having huge liabilities on the company, which is 
also pulling down the net worth to the negatives. Plus, it has a requirement of additional funding, 
both funded and non-funded, and the cost of capital, which is incurred by the company in the 
local entity, which is also growing up, and that is constraining the ability to get additional 
funding lines for additional growth areas. So, if I again come back to the summary of the working 
capital, if you invest into these hydro projects, say additional Rs. 500 crores, we think the return 
will come only after 10 years for us to be able to get back the margin and cash profitably and 
that's a very long working capital cycle for the company. On the other hand, the new strategy 
that we are implementing on service group has a working capital conversion of average 6 months 
with margin and cash for core services and up to two years plus, at the most three years for 
upgrades, which means cash conversion to margin into the books. The FGD EPC strategy is also 
helping us convert the margin into cash in about 2-year cycle. So from an average working cycle, 
capital of the company currently, which is more than 7 to 10 years today because of the long 
nature of the FGD EPC projects and the hydro EPC plant, the hydro project, we are not able to 
convert free cash flow that we can get to the books of the company that we can convert into 
dividend or positive news for the company that we can have, unfortunately. And therefore, we 
came to this decision that okay, is there potential? The answer is yes. Are we competitive? Not 
so much. We are struggling with certain things. Number three, it's a very long working cycle 
capital. The alternative, for example, in the steam business that the company wants to continue 
to focus on their end-to-end competence. This is the best year ever that we have seen in terms of 
order intake. And therefore, we are seeing already a strong year and great amount of 
opportunities for the company to focus on positive margin, positive cash with a path that can 
convert and create the company debt-free in 2 years and also double-digit EBITDA in 2 years 
which will enable the company to have free cash flow that the company can utilize for positive, 
for example, even available for dividends. So that is the part that we think would help us to 
realize the benefits faster. With hydro, we are facing challenges in terms of competitiveness, and 
we do not have end-to-end capability in the company, and we are seeing continuous drag on the 
balance sheet. That is the summary I would like to -- And you want to add something, Aashish? 
Aashish Ghai: 
So just to add on your point of steam strategy, I think this year, like you said, has been a very 
strong year. And in these four months, we have booked and announced orders more than we 
have done in the average annual order of 3 years. So just in 4 months, we have surpassed the 
average annual of the last 3 years. So, it has been a very, very strong commercial year on the 
steam side. And these are coming at better healthy margins, which we do not see for, you know, 
and those things that you have already mentioned for hydro. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
Yes, thank you. But there was a similar situation with another company like GE owned, Indo 
Tech Transformers, right? And then GE actually gave in like $15 million, $20 million. But I 
agree with you, but thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kohli from Gold Stone Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
So, Prashant, wanted to check this demerger, the hydro business, which is going out, that's almost 
half the company and half the people. So, it's not easy to be getting orders in this area, you had 
a significant order book and lot of intellectual capital in house. So, you know that on valuation 
throughout, we've been sort of maintaining that there's a lot of capability inhouse and then when 
all these guys go out, how does that work out? 
Prashant Jain: 
Hello Sanjayji, pleasure to connect again. See on hydro, the competence that we are doing for 
valuation, what assumption that we are making. See the current challenge that we are facing is 
because of the delay in projects we are having an underutilization pressure. So, in the future 
here, what we have said is okay, there will be no underutilization and we will utilize these 
competencies to serve GE Vernova worldwide and that will be utilized fully for the global 
company instead of saying that, okay, I have a lot of underutilization hit. So, see two things, 
right. One, delay of projects, we have not considered. Two, underutilization of the resources, we 
have not considered in the resource. Rather, we have actually put value for that. You say, okay, 
these resources will serve the GE organization and therefore it is helping improve the valuation. 
So, these two we have considered to help improve the valuation of the case. So, it's considering 
more favorably for the company. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
What is then potential of having, what is the service offering that we have offshore? 
Prashant Jain: 
See currently we do not see a big demand. We have had added several employees, but we have 
not been getting significant demand there currently for the resources. And I would say currently 
we don't see actually any amount of capitalization in that. It is only a projection for us in the 
valuation that we have assumed that we will be able to serve the competence that we have to 
make. This is a team that is working in a consortium with other GE Vernova entities for projects 
in India. Today, we do not do projects outside India, neither do we have any opportunities outside 
India. The project management, the engineering, sourcing capabilities are what we have in the 
team that works with GE technology, with other parts of GE Vernova hand in hand. By itself, 
can we design, or can we take a full qualification and run the business? The answer is no. 
Therefore, that is a dependence, a technology which is suitable for the GE Vernova, but not for 
other outside GE Vernova. So therefore, we said, okay, we monetize that in the valuation and 
from 2030 onwards, we've assumed they will serve headquarters so that terminal value gets 
slightly better in the valuation. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Okay, that's quite far out. So that's coming in quite far out into your model. And finally, I have 
a small question on this, on the thermal turbines, the upgrades, great capability again over here. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Upgrades, we will continue doing the upgrades, but what is the traction here, domestic traction 
on upgrade, order book on the upgrades? 
Prashant Jain: 
Yes, fantastic. So, we have already announced two orders to the exchange. You would see one 
was the Wanakbori and the other one we have done last week is Vindhyachal. So those two are 
approximately ballpark about Rs. 600 crores, two opportunities that we have concluded this year. 
Now that is what we have booked in the current year, strong capabilities and these two units 
when we upgrade, they will be the best-in-class efficiency for the customer, and this will put the 
turbine and the power plant operation to the best in class for the country. The country has outlaid 
and if you see the CEA report, they have outlaid now 60 gigawatts of upgrades going forward. 
And the government has committed that, okay, we have to upgrade 60 gigawatts. So, we are 
assuming that yes, even if 20 gigawatts of that converts, that's a fantastic opportunity out there 
that the company can deliver. And it is in line with our policy of decarbonization via coal, where 
we are able to reduce the carbon footprint of the existing coal fired power plants. So, 996 grams 
a unit today. And our goal is to bring it down to about somewhere between 500 and 600 grams 
a unit by 2030. And one, of course, is by normal services. Second is upgrades. Then third area 
that we will venture into as we move forward is bringing additional technologies for biomass 
co-firing. And then we have also signed an MOU with NTPC that we are evaluating in methanol 
co-firing, ethanol co-firing, ammonia co-firing, and so on and so forth, which we will work on 
in the future, which is pretty much in line with our competence of the company. And we see a 
tremendous response, and we are seeing good traction here. That gives us a good confidence and 
faster way of converting cash in the portfolio than as we compare today, for example, compared 
to -- 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aditya Shah from Vikram Advisory 
Services Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Shah: 
Sir, I'll make my point very clear. Sorry to say this, but you make it sound like the problems with 
the hydro division and the gas divisions are legacy problems, but in reality, you also know that 
these problems have been created by this management and the promoter. So, it's not a legacy 
issue. Now, a second point that I would want to make is that I give you two scenarios. One 
scenario is where GE depromoterizes; Hydro, Gas is sold to GE. So as a good governance, the 
GE is taking up the bad asset and probably giving the good asset to a new promoter. That's not 
happening. Second point is that GE is not promoterizing and hydro, gas are sold to some other 
third party. So, in that case also solves the purpose where it shows good governance. But in this 
scenario, if GE is ready to fund these divisions in private companies, why does it not fund via 
GEPIL? Where the shareholders have created for the last four years and are staying with the 
company in the bad and the worst times. I don't understand the logic of funding it in private 
companies and not funding it via GEPIL by putting infusions of fresh money. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you. I think I will add a couple of other scenarios which we evaluated. Number one, to 
clarify on a scenario of selling the business to a third party. Hydro, unfortunately, as I said earlier, 
is not a standalone business. It has dependencies on other parts of GE Vernova to be able to 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
compete in the market. Therefore, there is no third buyer who could buy this as a standalone 
entity. It is practically not possible because it's always a joint consortium order in partnership 
with other parties. And therefore, standalone competency is not there in the company. That is 
one. Second, if we were to consider demerger of the two businesses to say, okay, can we carve 
out hydro and gas and demerge and provide the same shareholders two shares. Two issues, one, 
it is time consuming. Our situation for negative net worth is quite alarming and therefore we 
don't have the time for that. It is going to put the company in a difficult situation. Second, on the 
demerger, if you look at the liabilities of hydro and gas, the liabilities of hydro and gas in a 
separated carved out entity would come to a negative of about Rs. 200 odd crores, Rs. 250 odd 
crores. On the one side, you would have a positive net worth of the carved out thermal entity of 
Rs. 250 odd crores. On the other side, you would have a negative Rs. 200-Rs. 250 odd crores 
net worth. That company will just not be fundable by standalone. It is impossible to fund it. You 
would come and say who provides the lines for this company, it is just not possible to stand 
alone by itself. So that is the reality that we are facing today with the balance sheet and the 
performance. Yes, the past five years have seen two waves of COVID and one hyperinflation 
that has not helped in execution of the projects. But those delays, despite COVID, despite 
hyperinflation, if you refer to the pages that we have provided on the site, we have had several 
issues on the, if you refer to the page 6, the reasons for delay are not controllable. It is geology, 
hydrology, topology. It is the critical electrical, mechanical work where we are depending on 
external parties. It is delays on the clearances which are again in the hands of the developers. 
There are local issues on site which are environmental related issues etc. So those are the issues 
which are beyond our control. Land acquisition is the major issue. We expected 2 years ago that 
with the PSP now, things would move forward. We announced the project 2 years ago on PSP. 
Even today, there is no clearance for the project, and we are working hard to see can we move 
forward. That suspension is not moved, forget about the execution of the project. So, we are 
sitting with that same delays on the current project. So those delays are not going away. So, if 
you look at pure the business cycle point of view, the working capital cycle for hydro is not 
shrinking to 3 to 5 years. Therefore, in the interest of the company, to be able to convert margin 
cash and positive cash for the company in the fastest turnaround, we have proposed the strategy. 
Why sell to GE? One, I said this is specific skill set. Unfortunately, it's not standalone. The 
technology is with GE Vernova. It is not a self-sustaining business. It's a strategic transfer to GE 
who's paying a premium today. If I have to sell it to a third party, they will ask me to pay Rs. 
200 crores to take away the liability. Who will pay Rs. 200 crores liability? How will you sell it 
to a third party with Rs. 200 crores liability? It is a strategic investor, GE Vernova. In the interest 
of the company, we are able to get a premium. That premium will not come from a third party. 
And the COE business of course is adding, which is again completely dependent on GE, but it 
is adding to the value that we are able to get and a slightly better valuation for this. 
Aditya Shah: 
So, my point sir in this entire conversation is that if GE is willing to fund it in private companies, 
why does it not add, infuse money by preferential allotment or whatever way to infuse money 
into the existing entity? That's all. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Prashant Jain: 
See, I clarified again on preferential allotment. It is not likely to be a positive yield for the hydro 
and gas. The liabilities are net liabilities. But I would ask my colleague from the GE, Vernova, 
Stuart, who's the promotor representative, to chime in to further clarify on your question. 
Stuart Connor: 
Certainly. So, I understand the question to be why is GE Vernova willing to fund this business 
line in a private company but not through GE Private India Limited? The answer to the question 
is the proposal which is currently on the table to buy out the hydro and gas business lines is the 
only proposal that is a responsible proposal to solve for the net worth problem. And the promoter 
shares, the interests of the minority investors to solve for that problem because the promoter 
wants GE India to be successful in the future and it need to have a positive net worth to be 
successful in the future to carry out the same product line. So, we looked at all the options and 
we settled on this as the only responsible solution to the problem and keep in mind that it solves 
for two issues. One is it provides positive net worth and two is it takes away the future negative 
cash flowing particularly from the hydro business. And other solutions like the one that you 
mentioned would not solve for both of those problems. So, this is the proposal that from other 
things is appropriate to solve the problem at hand. 
Aditya Shah: 
Right. No problem. We can have different views on this, but that's okay. I get your explanation. 
No problem. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bhasvar from Cognizance 4D. Please 
go ahead. 
Tushar Bhasvar: 
So, I heard the discussion, like the last one I was hearing. So what I get, like, is that GE Vernova 
is trying to revive this company, strengthen it, and then eventually sell it because it wants to get 
out of the coal business and separate all the other assets which is, I think, would be beneficial 
for the shareholders, but just wanted to understand, is that the strategy that GE Vernova is 
planning in the long term? 
Prashant Jain: 
I can answer this, and maybe I will answer, then Stuart to chime in. Look, today, we are working 
to solve for the net worth, which is impending very serious, because our majority of the business 
comes from tenders that require positive net worth of qualifying criteria and crucial aspect, 
number one. Number two, we have seen now for the last several years, in fact, now more than 
11 years, both on standard hydro and the new PSP hydro within GEPIL, projects have long 
cycles. We wanted to make sure that we cut a path which will set the company on double digit 
EBITDA, quarter-on-quarter growth. And we have found that path with a focus on the service 
core business, which is growing consistently double-digit quarter-on-quarter. And we are 
sharing the progress every quarter with you. In fact, this year we are booking the highest core 
order value ever consistently quarter-on-quarter now for several quarters. So that's something 
which is working well, good margins that converts into cash within 6 months. The second area 
of the business service upgrades. This year we have about Rs. 590 crores of these two orders, 
but overall, about Rs. 700 crores of upgrades order booked. This is converting cash largely in 
about two years on an average. We have some converting faster and some converting slightly 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
slower, but it's pretty much an average of 2.5 years average of the capital side converting margin 
cash. Again, positive good margins, double digit margins. The third area that we are working on 
is an FGD where we still have a good opportunity, 90 gigawatts of FGDs are yet to be ordered. 
And we are now operating brownfield equipment in this area. And this is converting into cash 
again between two odd years, 2 to 3 years. We have very good experience with the last projects. 
Margins are intact. Cash is coming in with much lower risks, with more predictability. The last 
area that we are working, and we have been working consistently on, is Durgapur. In Durgapur, 
we have added additional line of business, which is non-coal, which is pressure vessels, 
cryogenic, tanks, and industrial applications. The factory load was in the range of 10,000 hours 
coming from these areas about two years ago. This year, we are in the range of about 170,000-
180,000 hours per year. The capacity, we have downsized from 800 to about 200,000 hours, and 
that capacity now we are in a good range. And this is a growing business. We are seeing that we 
are able to get to a path to be able to get over the line that we need for Durgapur. With these four 
areas, as I said, we have an Rs. 18,000 crores market in these four areas. This will not be a 
quarter-on-quarter choppy business. This is stable quarter-on-quarter business, maybe slightly 
boring, but predictable. Today, with the large projects, especially the hydro and the large FGD 
EPC project that we had underwritten several years ago, those projects are creating a very high 
choppiness, both on working capital requirement and quarter-on-quarter returns. One project 
update takes away the quarter completely. With these four business areas, we are very confident 
that the company will deliver quarter-on-quarter double digit EBITDA performance in two years 
from now, that we will have positive free cash flow to be able to deliver dividends and it's a 
sustainable roadmap. And that is why we said, okay, this is a strategy that we believe we should 
pursue additional areas, of course. In Durgapur, there will also be exporting services to 13-odd 
countries to further expand the capabilities of the company, Durgapur. So, Stuart, you want to 
further add on what Tushar mentioned? 
Stuart Connor: 
Actually, I just want to re-assert the answer that you gave, Prashant. It's exactly correct. I think 
the original question was, does the promoter want to solve the net worth issue in order to sell off 
the company later, the answer is no. We want to solve the net worth problem to make a healthy 
GE Power India Limited because it needs to be healthy to execute on the strategy which Prashant 
has just laid out. The promoter supports that strategy for all the reasons that Prashant just laid 
out and that is the reason that we support this proposal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Prashant Jain for closing comments. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you, thank you all for very good questions today. I would like to summarize, in the interest 
of your company and all shareholders, we need to focus to improve the net worth of your 
company. This has a direct impact on our ability to bid for tenders, for our credit ratings, and 
fund availability with banks as well. Hence, the carve-out of hydro and gas business is of 
paramount importance. This transaction provides a positive impact of Rs. 214 crores plus Rs. 38 
crores, which is about Rs. 252 crores net liability reduction, which will improve net worth of 
your company and will further be boosted by consideration of gas Rs. 44 crores. This is subject 

 
GE Power India Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
to carve out getting approved by the shareholders. It will also unlock Rs. 700 crores of non-
funded limits as at 31st March 24 related to hydro business and Rs. 500 crores of cash 
consumption limit that the hydro business needs for the next 2 years. This is a slump sale with a 
fair valuation of INR 44 crores for the gas business and the premium of Rs. 100 crores for hydro 
which generates higher wealth for the shareholders. In future, all this will steer to a business 
strategy leading to profitable, unrestricted free cash flow, dividend paying company with lower 
working capital cycle. With that, I would like to now summarize and conclude. Thank you so 
much. Have a good evening. Thank you, team, for being here on the call with me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GE Power India Limited Investors, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
