  
 
Biocon Limited 
20th KM, Hosur Road 
Electronic City  
Bangalore 560 100, India 
T 91 80 2808 2808 
F 91 80 2852 3423 
 
CIN : L24234KA1978PLC003417 
 
www.biocon.com  
 
BIO/SECL/SP/2024-25/71 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code- 532523 
Scrip Symbol- BIOCON 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call Q1 FY25 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated August 10, 2024, regarding presentation and video recording of 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call held on August 09, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.biocon.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts/. 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Biocon Limited 
 
                  
 
_______________ 
Mayank Verma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: ACS 18776 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
MAYANK 
VERMA
Digitally signed 
by MAYANK 
VERMA 
Date: 2024.08.19 
17:16:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Biocon Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
Aug 9, 2024 

 
Speakers and Participants from Biocon Limited, Biocon Biologics Limited & Syngene 
International Limited 
 
 
Mr. Peter Bains – Group CEO, Biocon Limited  
 
Mr. Siddharth Mittal – CEO & Managing Director, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Shreehas Tambe – CEO & Managing Director, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Sibaji Biswas – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director, Syngene International Limited 
 
Mr. Kedar Upadhye – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Ms. Rhonda Duffy – Chief Operating Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Abhijit Zutshi – Chief Commercial Officer, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Matthew Erick – Chief Commercial Officer – Advanced Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Susheel Umesh – Chief Commercial Officer – Emerging Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Saurabh Paliwal – Head - Investor Relations, Biocon Limited 
 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
 
 
Amey Chalke – JM Financial Institutional Securities Pvt. Ltd. 
 
Tushar Manudhane – Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
Neha Manpuria – Bank of America Securities India Limited 
 
Surya Narayan Patra – Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited  
 
Manoj Bahety – Carnelian Asset Management & Advisors Private Limited 
 
Kunal Randeria – Axis Capital Limited 
 
Ashish Thavkar – JM Financial Asset Management Private Limited 
 
Jamsheed K – Individual Investor 
 
Rahul Jeewani – IIFL Securities Limited 
 
Dhaval Bhalodia – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 

 
Prepared Remarks Session 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Good morning, everyone. I am Saurabh Paliwal from Biocon's Investor Relations team, and I would like to welcome 
you to Biocon’s earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. 
I would like to indicate that all the participants line will be in a listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
to ask questions after the opening remarks conclude. Should you need to ask a question, please select the raise 
hand option under the reaction tab of the Zoom application. We will call out your name and unmute your line to 
enable you to ask a question. While asking a question please begin with your name and organization. Please 
note that the chat box is disabled but you can raise any technical issues by sending us an email at 
investor.relations@biocon.com  
I would like to bring to your that this conference call is being recorded. The recording will be made available on 
the website within a day, and the transcript will be made available subsequently. 
Moving to discuss the company's business performance during this quarter and future outlook, we have on this 
call, our Group CEO, Mr. Peter Bains; Mr. Siddharth Mittal, CEO and MD of Biocon Limited; Mr. Shreehas Tambe, 
CEO and MD of Biocon Biologics Limited, along with other senior management colleagues across our business 
segments.  
  
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about the safe harbour related to today's investor call. Comments 
made during the call may be forward looking in nature based on management's current beliefs and expectations. 
They must be viewed in relation to the risks that our business faces that could cause our future results, 
performance, or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. After the end of this call, if you need any further information or clarifications, please reach out to the 
investor relations team. 
With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Group CEO, Mr. Peter Bains, for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, Peter.  
Peter Bains: 
Thank you, Saurabh, and good morning, everyone. Before presenting the results in detail, I would like to start 
with some opening remarks. As you will see and hear, on a reported basis, the comparable or year-on-year first 
quarter group financial performance has come in very strongly, with total revenue up 30%, EBITDA up 117%, 
and PBT up over 500%. This performance has been driven by the impact of the Eris Lifesciences business 
transfer consummated in the quarter. After adjusting for the Eris transaction, underlying group financial 
performance, while relatively subdued, has come in line with our expectations and our previous guidance. And 
this is reflecting a mix of headwinds and tailwinds across our businesses. The highlight was the Biosimilars 
business, which has delivered a strong like-for-like operating revenue growth, which has offset degrowth in the 
Generics business and in Syngene. In line with our previous guidance, we expect the quarter 1 trends to continue 
into quarter 2 before we see a transition toward accelerating growth across the businesses through the second 
half of the fiscal year and into next year. 
 

 
Financial Highlights – Q1 FY25 
I will now move on to present the financial highlights for the quarter.  
At the group level, Total Revenue was INR 4,567 crores, a growth of 30% year-on-year and 15% on a sequential 
basis. This included proceeds amounting to INR 1,057 crores from the strategic business transfer agreement with 
Eris Lifesciences, which is classified as other income. Revenue from operations, which excludes income from 
the Eris transaction was INR 3,433 crores, largely flat as compared to last year. As I have just said, this reflects 
a balance of performance across the segments where Biosimilars revenue from operations grew 11% on a like-
for-like basis while Research Services and Generics saw declines of 2% and 6%, respectively.  
Group core EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 903 crores, down 4% year-on-year and representing a core 
operating margin of 26%. Quarterly R&D investment spend stood at INR 228 crores corresponding to 9% of 
revenues, excluding Syngene. Reported EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 1,755 crores, up 117% year-on-year 
with a margin of 38%. Adjusting for the income from the Eris transaction, EBITDA for the quarter was INR 698 
crores with an EBITDA margin of 20%. Profit before tax and exceptional items stood at INR 1,114 crores versus 
INR 184 crores last year. Adjusted for the Eris transaction flow through, PBT for the quarter stands at INR 57 
crores. Reported Net Profit for the quarter was INR 660 crores while adjusted Net Profit stands at INR 19 crores. 
Let me now turn to the business segment highlights and start with Generics.  
 
Generics Business 
Revenue from operations in Generics was INR 659 crores, a degrowth of 6% year-on-year. Core EBITDA for 
the quarter was INR 123 crores with a margin of 18%. R&D spend at INR 64 crores, and representing 10% of 
segment revenues, was up by INR 10 crores from the same period last year, reflecting continued investment in 
our strategic peptide and injectable portfolios. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 59 crores with a margin of 
9%, reflecting lower sales, price erosion and the increase in R&D investments seen during the quarter. Profit 
before tax stood at INR 17 crores, with a PBT margin of 3%. Overall, while the performance for the quarter was 
muted, it was in line with our expectations, reflecting the anticipated pricing and demand challenges across our 
API and formulations base business. 
  
Moving to the business updates, let me start with business development. And here, our preparations for entry 
into the GLP market opportunities are continuing to build momentum, and we were very pleased to sign an 
exclusive licensing and supply agreement with Handok, a leading specialty pharmaceutical company in South 
Korea for the commercialization of our Synthetic Liraglutide for the treatment of chronic weight management. This 
is consistent with our commercial strategy of expanding our global footprint beyond our direct presence in the 
United States into other important geographies, including the U.K., Europe, Latin America, Asia, and Australia, 
either through a direct presence or working with strong local strategic partners. 
  
On the regulatory front, there has been significant activity and progress. With 17 market filings, including 2 
ANDAs in the United States, and we have received 3 approvals including our first generic injectable drug product 
approval for Micafungin in the United States.  

 
 
In June, the U.S. FDA conducted GMP and PAI inspections at 2 of our API facilities, Site 5 and the new Site 6, 
both located in Vizag. These inspections resulted in the FDA citing 4 and 3 observations, respectively, which 
were procedural in nature. The company responded to the agency's observations within the stipulated timelines 
for both inspections, and I am happy to report that earlier this week, the FDA issued an establishment inspection 
report for Site 5 and classified the inspection as ‘VAI’ or Voluntary Action Indicated. We now await agency 
feedback for Site 6. In June, the Brazilian Health Agency, ANVISA, conducted a regulatory audit of our oral solid 
dose facility in Bengaluru, which concluded with no major or critical observations. 
 
Looking ahead for the Generics business and consistent with previous guidance, we expect the second 
quarter to continue to be relatively muted with performance then building in the second half of the fiscal led by 
new generic formulation launches across multiple markets. Importantly, this includes the launch of our 
Liraglutide formulations for diabetes and obesity, both in the U.K. and in other markets where preparations are 
well underway. Our extensive GLP portfolio led by Liraglutide will be the major growth driver for Generics’ in the 
coming years and has strong synergies and complementarity with our global Insulin business in our Biosimilars 
vertical, providing Biocon a unique positioning in addressing the strategic diabetes and obesity global market 
opportunities ahead.  
 
Biosimilars Business 
 
Let me now move on to our Biosimilars vertical. While our focus in fiscal 2024 was on ensuring business continuity 
and preserving value during the transition phase post-acquisition, our focus in FY25 has now shifted to 
consolidation and leveraging our unique vertically integrated model to drive profitable growth. And I am pleased 
to say we began the year on a positive note with a robust 11% like-for-like growth in Q1 and achieved several 
key regulatory milestones. 
 
In the United States, we continue to see strong demand across our product range. In our oncology franchise, Fulphila, 
our biosimilar Pegfilgrastim and Ogivri, our biosimilar Trastuzumab, continue to hold strong market shares of 20% and 
19%, respectively, with several market access agreements coming into effect and increased pull-through at the 
physician level from our marketing team. Our Semglee and Insulin Glargine franchise serving the diabetes market 
segment also holds mid-teens shares on the back of strong formulary coverage, including a large managed care 
network. The U.S. insulin landscape continues to evolve dynamically, and we believe we are very well positioned with 
our extensive heritage and expertise in insulins to exploit and capitalize on the emerging opportunities.  
  
In Europe, our market shares have remained stable at the regional level with some strong performances in several key 
markets. Hulio, our biosimilar Adalimumab is the market leader in Germany and on the oncology front, our Ogivri, 
Fulphila and Abevmy (biosimilar bBevacizumab) products have captured double-digit market shares in key markets 
such as France and Italy. We are also making good progress on our business expansion strategy in Europe with new 
launches and tender wins at national and hospital level in markets such as the United Kingdom and Italy.  
  
Our Emerging Markets business reported a strong performance on the back of higher sales of our biosimilar 
Bevacizumab, recombinant Insulin and Etanercept. During the quarter, we expanded the depth and breadth of our 
reach through 12 new product market launches. 

 
 
Now coming to the financials for the first quarter of fiscal 2025, Biosimilars revenue from operations was INR 2,083 
crores, up 11% on a like-for-like basis, adjusting for revenues in Q1 fiscal 2024 from the branded formulations unit in 
India. Revenue from operations does not include the income from the Eris agreement, which is booked as other income. 
  
This growth translated into a core EBITDA of INR 614 crores with a margin of 30% and an EBITDA of INR 474 crores 
or 23%, reflecting the strong underlying profitability of the core business. We continue to invest in our pipeline with 
R&D spends at 8% of revenue to drive the mid and long-term growth of the business. Profit before tax is INR 1,065 
crores, including the gain from the Eris agreement. 
 
Moving on to regulatory updates, there have been significant activity and progress. The U.S. FDA-approved Yesafili, 
our biosimilar Aflibercept as the first interchangeable biosimilar, which marks our entry into Ophthalmology, a new and 
exciting therapeutic area. Our biosimilar Denosumab global clinical trial has met the required endpoints, and we are 
currently on track to submit regulatory filings later this year. 
  
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has renewed its Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) Certificates of 
Compliance for both our Bengaluru and Malaysia sites. We have also received EMA approval to manufacture our 
biosimilar Bevacizumab at our new monoclonal antibodies drug substance facility in Bengaluru. The same facility has 
also 
received 
GMP 
certification 
from 
the 
Therapeutic 
Goods 
Administration 
(TGA), 
Australia.  
 
The U.S. FDA recently concluded a combined GMP and Pre-Licensing Inspection at our facilities at Biocon Park 
Bengaluru, in July 2024, spanning 6 manufacturing units and the associated quality labs and warehouses. The 10 
observations noted in the Form-483 were procedural in nature. There were no observations related to data integrity or 
on quality oversight at any of the facilities and no repeat observations were noted by the agency during inspection. We 
will submit a comprehensive, Corrective, and Preventative Action (CAPA) plan to the agency within the stipulated time 
frame and are confident of addressing these observations expeditiously. We do not expect the outcome of these 
inspections to impact the supplies of our commercial products. 
 
Syngene 
 
Finally, coming to Syngene. In Syngene, we saw Revenue from operations for the quarter down marginally over last 
year at INR 790 crores. Reported EBITDA was down 20% to INR 188 crores with an EBITDA margin at 23%. Profit 
before tax at INR 69 crores was down 44% from last year. Overall, Syngene's first quarter performance is in line with 
its guidance and commentary given in its Q4 fiscal results presentation. 
 
The Dedicated Centres reported steady performance while there were continued growth momentum in biologics 
manufacturing, driven by both commercial as well as clinical scale projects.  
 
Performance in Discovery Services was impacted by the dip seen in U.S. Biotech funding that has impacted the sector 
over the last 2 years. However, green shoots are now on the horizon as the value of funding to U.S. biotech saw 
remarked increase in the first half of calendar 2024, which will generally flow into outsourcing demand with a lag of a 
few quarters. Requests for proposals are up 50% year-on-year with the first quarter of fiscal 2025 being the best first 
quarter for RFPs for Syngene in 4 years. This quarter also saw the start of several pilot projects from pharma 

 
companies. Successful delivery of these projects is expected to build a foundation for larger scale future collaborations, 
and Syngene expects to win its fair share of these pilot projects. 
  
Increased visits by companies exploring outsourcing options beyond China, add to the positive future outlook and 
provides long-term tailwinds for Syngene. The repurposing of the Biologics Manufacturing facility acquired from Stelis 
Biopharma remains on track for completion of qualification and facility modifications in the second half of fiscal 2025.  
   
So, to conclude, overall, the underlying operational group performance delivery in the first quarter while largely flat 
has reflected the balance of a strong Biosimilars performance, offsetting transitory degrowth in Generics and in 
Syngene. This is consistent with our earlier stated guidance and is in line with our expectations. Performance in the 
second quarter is expected to largely mirror that seen in the first quarter. In the second half of the year, and as 
previously guided, we expect to see a transition to accelerated growth underpinned by continued traction in Biosimilars, 
new product launches in Generics, and Syngene being in a strong position to capitalize on the emerging trends in its 
business to hit its guidance range for the year, and with momentum expected to build in the second half.  
 
I would now like to conclude my opening remarks and open the floor to questions. 
 
Q&A Session 
\
 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, Peter. We will wait couple of minutes for the question que to assemble. We 
will take the first question from Amey Chalke. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
The first question I have is on the Biosimilars. I agree that we are increasing market 
share quarter-on-quarter in the existing products in the U.S. But should we assume 
the similar improvement happening on the value of these products? Basically, how 
is the pricing tracking in these Biosimilars so vis-a-vis the market share gains? 
Peter Bains: 
Thank you for the question, Amey. I am going to ask Shreehas to lead the response for 
that question, please. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thanks, Peter. Thanks, Amey, for the question. I think the good part is that the Biosimilars 
opportunity that we are seeing overall in all markets, whether it is North America, Europe 
or in Emerging Markets, seems to be very strong. It has shown strong growth for all our 
products in all geographies. 
  
And if you specifically ask on the pricing front, we are looking at a more stable pricing 
across regions. In the U.S., we have seen that Biosimilars have held on to their price, 
particularly those in the oncology space for over 5 years and this will continue to hold 
value. So, there is, of course, a competitive dynamic, which will play out. But we expect 
a much more stable pricing regimen than the other markets that are there. We expects 
this to be a very stable market overall, Amey. 

 
Amey Chalke: 
Should we assume the value gain in these products correspondingly the market 
share gain, which is happening in these products, basically. Should we assume that 
sales to be increasing? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. I think the way you would expect is that their competitive dynamics will play out across 
markets as products matures. But we really feel that given the increased market shares 
there will be a growth in the products and the revenues. Pricing will, of course, erode over 
time. So that the expectation that we should all have of any market for any product, but it 
is gradual price decline. And market share should be a good indicator of product 
acceptance and performance. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. So, a second question I have is on the Hulio, basically our expectation was in 
FY 2025, the market landscape will move towards generic. If you can give some 
colour on the market development here in the Humira biosimilar market. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Peter, if I can just go into this and then I will have Matt join me as well for this answer. 
Amey, if you go back to the commentary that we had shared on how we see this market 
evolving, we have said it's a 3-stage evolution, where we have said calendar 2023 is when 
the market opens up, which is when everyone got in. 2024 is when we set the market, 
and that was calendar 2024 is when we said market will start to see traction towards 
Biosimilars, and 2025 is when the opportunity really opens up from a calendar year 
perspective.  What we are seeing right now in the U.S. is that you are seeing Biosimilars 
starting to take market share, although still a large part of the market is with the originator, 
but we clearly see that it will move in the direction that we have guided in the past.  
I would like, Matt, of course, to add more colour to this in terms of how it shaped in 2024, 
and how we see this evolving in 2025. So Matt, would you like to please comment on? 
Mattew Erick: 
Sure. Thank you, Shreehas. So, a little more colour around this is that we are starting to 
see the Biosimilars, you can see this starting to take off. But it is relatively just with 1 large 
U.S. payer, and that large U.S. payer is primarily using their private label, which is very 
publicly what's going on. The other 2 large U.S. payers currently still have Humira on their 
formulary. As Shreehas stated, we do see this as a second half of FY 2025 opening up, 
and we are in a position right now of bidding these products. And we feel that we have 
got a great opportunity as we look towards the second half in meeting our expectations 
that we've laid out. 
Amey Chalke: 
If I can add the supplementary question. So, assuming that the Humira will get 
developed in the second half, is there any change in our guidance for this year, 
considering if there is any delay on the new product launches? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Amey, we have not provided any guidance on the numbers at this point to my knowledge. 
And the way we see this is that given that for Adalimumab, we are in a very good position 
that we are integrated, we have a history of commercializing this product since 2018. I 
would like to point you towards our leading market share position in Europe where we 
have successfully had this product in the market for a very, very long time. So, we believe 

 
that this will play out in our favour as the market in the U.S. matures, and we see this 
market consolidating over a period of time. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We will take the next question from Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, with respect to this inspection at Bengaluru, while the response has been 
submitted, can you share the timeline for implementation of the measures? 
Peter Bains: 
Thank you, Tushar. Let me again give that to Shreehas to perhaps get someone from his 
team to reply. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Tushar, thanks for your question. As Peter explained in his opening comments, we did 
have the inspection from the agency last month. And we are in the process of responding 
to the agency with a very comprehensive CAPA plan and that is within the stipulated 
timelines. So, once we have done that, we should be in a position to outline next steps. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Any broad timeline you would want to share to implement this and how is the 
approvals of the product will be subject to the implementation of the CAPA? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Like every inspection, once the inspection is done, the company is expected to provide a 
response to the observations. These observations are what the inspectors note during 
their time at the facility. We have noted those observations, and we will be responding to 
this. The agency typically reviews this in a time frame, but there is no guidance that they 
have in terms of when they will revert back to us. We expect them to come back typically 
in the 60 to 90-day time frame, but there is no real time frame that is defined for this. So, 
it would be incorrect to comment on behalf of the agency. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And progress on the Malaysia side from a compliance point of view? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
On the Malaysia side, we have responded to the observations that the agency had made, 
and we will be looking forward to them scheduling an inspection for us to move forward 
on that. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Effectively that would also as a timeline, 3 to 5 months can be considering the 
inspection timeline for Malaysia side? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Tushar, it would be hard to comment on behalf of the agency when they would come or 
whether they would need an inspection once they have concluded on the Bengaluru 
inspection. So, I wouldn't draw right now a timeline on it. But I can tell you that we are in 
constant conversation with the agency, and we will provide them with whatever is required 
for them to assess the readiness of the site to supply new products. I should also point 
out to you that we continue to supply large amounts of products to the United States from 
this site and all other regulatory agencies, including EMA, most recently, have approved 
our facilities in Malaysia and in India. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just lastly on the Generic Liraglutide and considering the business prospects 
for Biocon Generics, how do we see like what kind of scale up can we expect if you 
could quantify, let's say, second half FY 2025, we expect this business to scale up. 
And if you could also elaborate on the Liraglutide opportunity per se. 

 
Peter Bains: 
Thank you, Tushar. Sid, perhaps you could address that question. 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Sure. Tushar, I think as we have indicated earlier, and Peter mentioned in his opening 
comments that we have various markets where we have done the filings, we expect 
approval from European authority in later part of this fiscal. We have already got a launch 
coming up in the U.K. through our partner, Zentiva as well as under our own label. And  
there are various other markets, which, where we expect to launch the product during 
this fiscal year.GLP-1 franchise is a very important part of our growth story. For next 
couple of years, as you know, there is a huge opportunity in GLP-1 space, both in 
diabetes and obesity management, and we are very well placed in capturing the 
benefits of this large opportunity. In terms of specific numbers or guidance in terms of 
what the growth is, I think it will be a bit difficult for us to give that. But definitely, the first 
half will continue to be muted as we have seen in first quarter. But second half, we will 
see significant growth over first half. For the overall year, we still expect like a high 
single-digit kind of growth levels for the business. 
 
Peter Bains: 
Tushar, if I may, then just add in a little bit on top of that to amplify something I said in my 
opening remarks. Obviously, the GLP peptide opportunity is the strategic growth driver 
for Generics in the coming years and will play into a huge market opportunity being formed 
by the innovators over the coming years and decade. I think it is important for me just to 
emphasize here, this is an area of very, very strong group complementarity and synergies 
as the peptides where we are scaling for global market opportunity complements and has 
many synergies with the global insulin franchise that we have built in the Biosimilars. And 
quite clearly, as we look at this opportunity in both diabetes and obesity, we see Biocon 
being very uniquely positioned with its heritage position in insulin and its leading position 
in the generic peptides business to look at leveraging the synergies, these 
complementarities, these convergences to drive a unique opportunity here for the group. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Just one more on this. As far as API capacity is concerned, do we have sufficient 
capacity to cater at least for next couple of years or would we need further 
investment for Liraglutide API? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
We do have initial set of capacities that we had created, and we are expanding those 
capacities, which will be sufficient for the next couple of years. But of course, the big drug, 
which is Semaglutide goes off patent beyond 2030 in many of the large developed 
markets. And for that, we will, of course, add on more capacities over a period of time. 
But the volume of business that we are targeting over the next 5 years, we will have 
capacities by end of this year. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question from Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Just to understand the BBL business a little bit more on a quarter-over-quarter 
basis. There seems to be a sharp decline. I am assuming a large part of this is 
because of the divestment. So, if you could just give us some colour in terms of 
how much of that decline that we are seeing quarter-on-quarter because of the India 
business divestment versus, let's say, underlying business trends? 
  

 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Neha, thanks for pointing it out. Kedar, please feel free to jump in on that. I think Neha as 
Peter outlined in his opening comments, the quarter-on-quarter decline, which you are 
seeing is, one is to adjust for the branded formulation business, which is a discontinued 
business that we have seen, and that's a clear change that the baseline is different. The 
other piece, of course, is that you will see a cyclical nature in terms of how tenders will 
open up over the different emerging markets. And we will see a strong growth usually in 
the quarter 4 before you get into quarter 1. So that is what you are seeing. But I do want 
to point you towards the performance of the business over the comparable quarter in 
fiscal 2024. And there, you can see that there's a very strong growth in the product 
performance. And that is a 19% increase over the product performance and market share 
that has driven it. So, if you look at how the products have performed in the market, there's 
a very strong uptick. The cyclical nature of this will mean that between quarters you will 
have movements where quarter 4 could be higher than quarter 1, particularly in emerging 
markets. But in North America, you see a steady performance across borders, and you 
will see some minor movements in Europe, where also there are large dependencies on 
tender timing.  
The chronic therapy areas that we operate in actually allows us a natural buffer and a 
hedge towards some of this, but the tender opening cycles in different markets will cause 
some of these differences and lumpiness between quarters. Otherwise, we see this 
moving in the right trajectory.  
 
Neha Manpuria: 
And so, is it fair to assume, Shreehas, that the emerging market piece should 
continue to grow mid-teens, high teens? It's just a matter of the tender phasing 
between quarters. But the underlying growth is still in line with the trends that we 
are seeing for the biosimilar business overall. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. We have seen a strong uptick across markets. It's not just that we have seen growth 
in North America. And the Emerging Markets is a growth area for us, Neha. So, it is 
quarter-on-quarter sequentially, you might see that there is some movement between 
quarters because of, as I said, when tenders open and when supplies begin. But 
otherwise, on an annualized basis, you will see that across markets our performances will 
be pretty strong.  
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And my second question is on Aflibercept. Now we have the U.S. FDA 
approval, obviously, the lower quarter litigation didn't go our way. What are the 
timelines that we need to monitor this for the appeals for this one? And therefore, 
does the timeline of launch based on how you are thinking about the appeal? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. And bAflibercept is an important asset that you draw attention to. It is an exciting 
asset. It has over USD 10 billion of sales globally in innovator revenue. So, it's clearly a 
very exciting asset. We have a first-to-file status. We have a first-to-approval status as an 
interchangeable bAflibercept. We feel very good about it. We have already secured 
approval for this product in Canada, in the U.K., in Europe and now most recently in the 
U.S. as well. We are in a good place, scientifically, and in the ability to begin supplies. We 
recently also announced that in Canada, we will be supplying product come July of next 

 
year, which will be the first in that market. We are, of course, in litigation with the innovator 
in the United States. And as things progress there, we will be able to talk more about it. 
But given that we are in a litigation right now, Neha, it would not be appropriate to 
comment on this. I know you made a comment on how the litigation in the district court 
played out. There were 3 patents that were litigated. 2 were ruled in our favour. One 
wasn't ruled in our favour, which, of course, we will take up appropriately so that we can 
get to the patients as soon as that is behind us, and we are working on that. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And one last question, if I can squeeze in. What is the net debt position in this 
quarter for BBL as well as the consolidated entity? And if you could give us some 
colour on likely repayments in the next year? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Kedar, would you like to take that question? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, sure. Neha, the net debt for BBL is about USD 1.2 billion. You would see a sequential 
improvement because of working capital efficiencies, which have come in this quarter. 
And Saurabh, can sort of clarify the net debt at the group level. But at BBL, it is about 
USD 1.2 billion plus, with some incremental efficiency in this quarter. 
With respect to the repayments, there is a schedule of repayment that we have agreed. 
We are also thinking about ways to optimize both the repayment time lines and the interest 
rates as well. We are thinking about various options to get that sorted up. 
Peter Bains: 
Neha, let me just add on to that to build on what Kedar said. We have obviously been 
comfortably servicing our debt position to date. We have made clear that we are looking 
to reduce it. We have taken action last year reducing acquisition debt by USD 250 million. 
It is a clear management priority that we will look to continue to reduce that debt level. 
And we have a wide range of options available to do that, and I am sure we will take 
further action during the year. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Saurabh if I can get the net debt number on the consol level, please? 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Yes. So net debt at the consol level will be about USD 1.1 billion plus when adjusted for 
structured investments and optionally convertible debentures linked to equity conversion 
in Biocon Biologics.  
We will take the next question from Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. 
Surya Patra: 
My first question is on the Aflibercept. You have discussed about the potential U.S. 
opportunity and all particularly the commercial benefit can flow in Europe first. 
Could you share what is your competitive positioning there considering the 
multiple approval already? And when do you think that benefit can start flowing in 
for us? 
Peter Bains: 
Shreehas, again, I think if you could take that. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thanks, Surya, for that question. Just a couple of clarifications. I would not speculate 
which market will open up first other than the fact that for Canada we have a very clear 
market entry date, and we are the first to enter there. We also do not think, Surya that, 

 
there are multiple other players who have got approval. I am sure there are multiple 
players developing the asset. Given that the ticket size is large, we expect competition to 
be there. We believe we are very well placed given our advantage in terms of the timing 
and our position in the market, given that we are present in the market as a fully integrated 
player. We believe that we should be able to provide an option to patients sooner and in 
a much more efficient manner than has been available so far. 
 
Surya Patra: 
And sir, just an extension to this, is the 1-year exclusivity opportunity because it is 
an interchangeable one in the U.S. that will be ensured to us given the 2 other 
players have also got the approval for U.S. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
I think the interchangeability approval in the exclusive part that you talk about, Surya, is 
something that is exclusivity to claim interchangeability. It is not like an exclusivity to 
commercialize the product like you have in a 505(b)(2) or ANDA kind of an exclusivity 
where you have the ability to supply the market exclusively. I think this is more of your 
ability to claim interchangeability on an exclusive basis. So yes, we will have that for a 
period of 12 months. And once we have got the product to the market, we will look to 
explore that.  
Surya Patra: 
Sir, my second question is on Adalimumab. In fact, 2 points that I wanted to clarify 
here. First is that, given the kind of contract that we have signed and that is what 
we have indicated. So based on this, is there a possibility to share that, okay, what 
are the kind of volume share that we could be thinking about, let's say, for FY 2025 
or FY 2026, whichever way that you can possibly share that. That is one.  
And secondly, the interesting development that happened during this quarter 
relating to adalimumab that one of your competing peers in the adalimumab has 
exited out of the opportunity by selling all their rights just for USD 40 million. So, 
whether it is a worrisome factor for the entire Biosimilars opportunity, and in the 
U.S. market, the way things are happening about the progression of the Biosimilars 
and all that. If you can share your view on these 2 aspects relating to adalimumab, 
then that would be useful, sir. 
  
Shreehas Tambe: 
I think both great questions, Surya. Let me respond to that. The first is, we have not given 
guidance in terms of our projections in the past and we continue to stay with this. It is not 
advisable to give guidance on market shares. We will let you know as market evolves and 
we will see how that progresses. I will refrain from commenting on market shares.  
The second question that you talked about, which was regarding a particular player exit 
the market by monetizing that asset and moving on. I think this is in line with the 
commentary that we had shared in the past that we do not see this market as 8, 9, 10-
player market for a long time. We expect this market to consolidate, and we expect those 
players those will have the ability to endure over a period of time, which requires you to 
be fully integrated. The ability to be in control of your development, your manufacturing, 
and your ability to supply the market through a strong commercial force, I think that is 
really what will allow you the ability to be in the market for long. And we believe Biocon 

 
Biologics has that now post the integration of the business that we acquired from Viatris. 
We believe we are in this for long. So, Surya, that is what we see happening. And we look 
at this as what was along expected lines. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Just one clarification from Kedar. The staff cost this quarter is 
meaningfully up. Is it entirely because of the field force responsibility or the kind 
of marketing responsibility that you have taken up from Viatris from last quarter, it 
is entirely because of that? And hence, this is the kind of run rate going ahead per 
quarter? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, Surya, you're right. I think the staff cost was expected to go up to reflect the full 
quarter effect of the colleagues who have come over from Viatris. So that was expected, 
and that is in line with plan. You could see a similar reverse switch, in other expenses. 
That has come down. In fact, if you would have noticed in quarter 3 and quarter 4, the 
spend run rate was touching USD 110 million for Biologics. That has come down to USD 
90 million as we had planned. Staff cost was expected to go up, and it has gone up to 
reflect the full quarter effect of mainly colleagues who have come over to us. But overall, 
costs are down by 10% compared to the peak. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. On the margin front, we have seen a sharp decline this quarter, maybe it 
could be just a quarter-specific one, but this is the lowest ever quarter margin over 
the last 5 years. How would you address this, Kedar? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Which margin you are referring to, Surya? Is it consol BBL PAT margin, EBITDA margin, 
which margin you are referring to, please so that we can answer your question. 
Surya Patra: 
I was looking at the EBITDA margin without factoring the Eris transaction.  
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. The EBITDA margin is about 23%, and that is consistent with what we reported last 
year as well. So, core EBITDA is healthy at 30%. EBITDA is at 23%. And you cannot 
compare the margins for the last 5 years because before FY 2023, business was different. 
So, the revenue scale was different, and the nature of business was different. We are in 
line with what we had expected, and we will work through in terms of improvement through 
revenue and cost levers. But those are not comparable, last 5 years margins are not 
comparable to what we are reporting this quarter. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We will take the next question from Manoj Bahety from Carnelian Capital. 
Manoj Bahety: 
I have just one question for Kedar. If you can highlight maybe as capital raising 
options, which we are considering and any timelines around that to deleverage our 
balance sheet. And what is the plan to deleverage our balance sheet in next 1, 2 
years? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
So, Manoj, I will make a first attempt and I will request Peter from a group standpoint to 
sort of clarify as well. As you can expect that a company of this scale and company of this 
capital structure will have several avenues at our disposal to conduct financing activities. 
And those activities help us improve our costs of financing, appropriate capital structure 
and maturities and all that. I think you should expect us, like any other company in our 

 
situation would do to be active on that front. But it's going to be difficult for us to give you 
specifics unless those are officially approved by board and position to be announced. So, 
I will pause there, and maybe, Peter, you can. 
Peter Bains: 
Thank you, Kedar. Let me build on that. Thank you, Manoj. And as I said earlier, I mean, 
clearly, we have been comfortably servicing the debt for the last 2 years related to the 
acquisition. We continue to be comfortable to do that. We have clearly stated now that 
several times that debt is obviously a management priority and that we are taking action, 
and we will continue to take action to manage and reduce that. We took action last year, 
as I said earlier, with a USD 250 million reduction on the acquisition debt. And we continue 
to look at ways to manage and reduce the debt. We will be taking further action this year. 
But as Kedar has said, we will advise you as and when those opportunities mature. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We will take your next question from Kunal Randeria. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sir, on this aflibercept interchangeable exclusivity that you are vying for, would it 
be a shared one or an exclusive one? 
 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So, Kunal, the bAflibercept exclusivity is already granted on approval. It is not something 
that we are applying for now. And that exclusivity is also part of what the guidance 
provides for. And it becomes only post commercialization. So right now, it is not a relevant 
point. But given that we are the first interchangeable approved biosimilar, yes, you will 
certainly look at this when you get the commercialization. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure. When you do commercialize it, it will be just you having the interchangeable 
exclusivity, right? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We were approved on the same day with another firm, which got an approval along with 
us. We will have to see how that plays out, and we will keep posted on that. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure. And sir, just on Liraglutide potential, should we sort of assume or believe that 
the potential is bigger in markets outside of the U.S.? 
Peter Bains: 
Sid, would you take that one? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Well, I would not necessarily say it's bigger outside of U.S. U.S. is also a big market. Of 
course, there is a shift of patients from Liraglutide to Semaglutide in the U.S. But that said, 
there are patients, large number of patients who continue to take Liraglutide in the U.S. 
But the way I look at other markets, especially the MOW markets, there is a huge market 
expansion potential available when you have a generic Liraglutide, which will be launched 
by our partners. And because the Semaglutide, which is where most of the patients have 
moved of course, priced at a very high level compared to Liraglutide. And monthly 
treatment cost, what a generic drug will offer will expand the market. We definitely are 
working with our partners in various markets, the large MOW markets, to see how there 
could be an expansion. And Europe continues to be an attractive market for Liraglutide 
as well. I would say it will be a very evenly distributed numbers in the U.S., Europe and in 
Most of the World. 

 
Kunal Randeria: 
And just one more, if I can squeeze in. Just one clarification. Is the Stelara launch 
a contingent on your plant clearance by Feb 2025? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
I think it requires the FDA approval before you can launch. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Okay. So, let me ask this way, is the FDA approval withheld because of the plant 
issues?  
Shreehas Tambe: 
No. Nothing is withheld right now. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We will take the next question from Ashish Thavkar from JM Financial. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Sir, are there any timelines to deleverage balance sheet? Because I guess it's 
eating a lot of the management's bandwidth. Are you putting any certain timelines 
as to when do you want to deleverage the balance sheet? 
Peter Bains: 
Ashish, thank you for that. Again, I will amplify that we are looking at this as a priority. We 
intend to take action this year, but I cannot be specific on timelines. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
And understandably, obviously, we now have Biosimilars, the Generics business, 
the API one. At any point in time, would you want to share some of the business 
elements is that also on your cards the go-forward strategy? 
Peter Bains: 
I think we feel that there are strong opportunities in both the Biosimilars and the Generics 
business, and there are no plans in that we are looking at to do any divestments.  
Ashish Thavkar: 
And lastly, on Eylea, the injunction that we have, any timelines that you are sharing 
with the investors? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We have shared, Ashish, the timelines that we will be looking to launch this in Canada 
mid-next year. We have already talked about that. We just discussed that there is an 
ongoing litigation in the United States. And we will see how it works in Europe and other 
parts of the world. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Jamsheed K. 
Jamsheed K: 
I would like to know about the Ustekinumab timeline. In the previous quarter you 
have already mentioned the submission in the U.S. So can you please provide light 
on the U.S. and EU timeline? 
Peter Bains: 
Shreehas, would you take that one? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Thanks, Peter. Jamsheed, thanks for the question. We had indicated that we have made 
a submission to the U.S. FDA and to the European authorities already for this product 
and this product is under review with the agencies. Once it is approved, we have also 
been able to negotiate a risk-free launch date and agreed settlement date with the 
innovator for Stelara in the United States, and we will be amongst the first wave of 
companies launching this early next year in the last quarter of this fiscal once we've got 
the product approval. So that's the status on bUstekinumab, Jamsheed. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We'll take the next question from Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. 

 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, if I am not wrong, there is a deferred consideration, which is payable to Viatris 
this year related to the deal and our option to in-license Eylea. I think that 
consideration which is payable to Viatris is around USD 335 million. So how are we 
looking to fund that? And given that, how are you looking at your debt at the BBL 
level by the end of this year? 
Peter Bains: 
I will start and Kedar, Shreehas, you can add in. I think the first payment that you referred 
to has already been made. And the second payment that you are referring to, we will 
address when it is due. So, no issues, no problems there. And with regard to the debt in 
BBL, I think we have addressed that several times to other questions that it is clearly a 
priority. We intend, as we did last year, to reduce further. We are exploring a number of 
options. And as and when those mature, we will advise. And other than that, we can't give 
any more detail, be more specific on what option and what timeline, but we will address 
that, and I think resolve both the any payments due and work to reduce the debt further 
during the year. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. So essentially, the debt at the BBL level, which we have right now is USD 
1.2 billion. That is after taking into account the first payment, which we have already 
made to Viatris? 
Peter Bains: 
Yes, it would be. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question is from Dhaval Bhalodia, an individual investor.  
Dhaval Bhalodia: 
I had a question regarding mainly for the U.S. biosimilar sector. As Peter 
mentioned, some with major PBM and specialty pharmacy forming their own 
subsidiary to market their own biosimilar and capturing the significant markets 
share with product like the Humira biosimilar. And in the future, while that maybe 
happen and potentially applying the same strategy for the future product as well. 
And the remaining major PBM player, I think they are doing the strategic tie up with 
other pharma. So how Biocon plan to capture a profitable market share for this 
future biosimilar product because most of like Stelara, Hulio, they're most of like 
the retail specialty product. 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Shreehas, I think that's one for you and perhaps, Matt. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Dhaval, thanks for your question. It is a very valid one, given what we have seen. Matt, 
maybe you can also join me in responding to this. So, what you are basically asking here 
is what we saw in case of Humira where we saw one of the PBMs work through a channel, 
which was more like a captive to white label or private label or product, which then they 
can source, and that's been gaining market share. That is certainly one of the things that 
PBMs have used to capture more share of the pie, that is an activity that we have seen, 
Dhaval. And that is something that can happen in the market. We are watching this 
closely. Not every product will, of course, go through that route, and that is not necessarily 
a practice that we expect to see happening across every product, but it is something that 
we are seeing PBMs trying to do to protect a larger share of the pie and get a larger piece 
of the business. But I'll let Matt talk to you more about this. Matt, over to you. 

 
Matthew Erick: 
Thank you, Shreehas. Some other key things, as Shreehas said, it is not just the 
commercial environment. There is also a U.S. government business that is not part of any  
private pay. There are also closed-door networks that we are familiar with. There is also 
the hospital channel. There are quite a few other channels in which we can play in. 
Certainly, as Biocon, we are competing aggressively in these private labels. As you know, 
there is only one that's been really established. We are seeing some foothold taking part 
in maybe another PBM establishing one, which we are in conversations with, but then the 
third largest is still remaining as a traditional PBM. So once those private payers go with 
one, the others open up because we have not seen overlap across. There's still 
opportunity for us in all the Part D programs that are out there. 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. Thank you all for joining 
today's investor call. And if there are any subsequent questions or clarification needed, 
please do get in touch with us. With that, have a good day, and goodbye. 
 
 
-Ends- 
 
Note: The contents of this transcript have been edited to improve accuracy and readability. 
 
 
 
