• 
t 	
#74-4:ff TrEORT Ch 	
Li 41 	
1-1 
( 	
titchlt 	
d4Sh1-1) 
THE NEW INDIA ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. 
(Govt. of India Undertaking) 
	
 : 	
rciii-i41, 87, 4-110-fr Tilt TO, ‘4;1J, -14-4 - 400 001. 
Regd. & Head Office : New India Assurance Bldg., 87, M.G. Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. 
CIN No. L66000MH1919G01000526 
34T-:-AT-4tw 
311 -0- 
Phone : 022 2270 8100 
022 2270 8400 
Website : www.newindia.co.in  
Ref. No.: NIACL/CMD_BoardSectt/2024-25 	
14th August, 2024 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540769/NSE - NIACL) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 14th August, 2024 
With reference to our letter dated August 08, 2024, intimating you about the 
conference call with Analysts/Investors held on August 14, 2024, please find attached 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Jyoti Rawat 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
JYOTI 
RAWAT
Digitally signed 
by JYOTI RAWAT 
Date: 2024.08.19 
16:04:33 +05'30'

The New India Assurance Company Ltd 
Q1FY25 Earnings Call 
14th Aug, 2024 
Management: 
1. Ms. Girija Subramanian - Chairman and Managing Director 
2. 
Mr. Titus Francis - ED 
3. 
Ms. Smita Srivastava — ED 
4. 
Ms. Sushma Anupam, General Manager & CMO 
5. 
Ms. Lavanya Mundayur, General Manager & CUO 
6. Ms. Mukta Sharma, General Manager 
7. 
Ms. Chandra lyer, General Manager 
8. 
Mr. C. S. Ayyappan, General Manager & CRO 
9. 
Mr. Sharad Ramnarayan, Appointed Actuary 
10. Mr. Ruchir Pant, DGM 

Moderator: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Welcome to the conference call of The New Assurance Company 
Limited arranged by Concept investor relation to discuss its Q1 FY25 
results. We have with us today, Mrs. Girija Subramanian - CMD, Mr. 
Titus Francis - Executive Director, Mrs. Smita Srivastava - Executive 
Director, General Managers (Technical), Mr. Sharad Ramnarayanan -
Appointed Actuary, and Mr. Vimal Jain - CFO. 
At this moment, all participant lines are in listen only mode. Later 
we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you 
have a question, please press * and '1' on your telephone keypad. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like 
to hand over the floor to Mrs. Girija Subramanian. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Thank you and good evening to everyone. I'm Girija Subramanian -
Chairman and Managing Director of New India Assurance. Joining 
me on this call are Mr. Titus, Francis - ED, Mrs. Smita Srivastava —
ED, General Manager (Technical) - Sushma Anupam, Mrs. Lavanya 
Mundayur, Mrs. Mukta Sharma and Mrs. Chandra lyer. We have our 
CRO - Mr. Ayyappan, with us. Our Appointed Actuary - Mr. Sharad 
Ramnarayan and also our DGM - Mr. Ruchir Pant. 
First of all, I would like to thank all the participants who have taken 
out time for attending this concall. I would also like to express my 
gratitude to our valued shareholders, analysts and investors for your 
continued support and interest in our organization. There has been 
remarkable growth in the Indian insurance sector over the past few 
years. However, India still remains under penetrated with general 
insurance penetration around 1.10%. IRDAI, the regulator and 
Government of India, along with various insurers are taking many 
steps to help increase the insurance cover, bring down the cost of 
premium and educate people about the importance of insurance. 
Furthermore, we are witnessing increasing disposable income, 
increasing cost of medical expenses alongside awareness and 
willingness of the new generation to opt for a health cover. All this 
has helped increase penetration level to some extent. We firmly 
believe that this will only increase substantially with time. 
As many of you know, New India Assurance was founded by Sir 
Dorab Tata in 1919. Our operations now span 25 countries and we 
have maintained our position as a market leader since 
nationalization in 1973. We are proud to be rated AAA by Crisil and 
hold an exceptional AAA.in rating by AM best on the India national 
scale. Additionally, we are recognized as a domestic systematically 
important insurer by the IRDAI and our ISO 27,000:2013 certified for 
IT security placing us amongst the few general insurers in India with 
such high standards of data security. Also, we are the state insurer 
for the state of Gujarat and Union Territory of Lakshadweep. This 

widespread footprint reinforces our dominant position in the 
domestic market and enhances our ability to serve a broad 
customer base. 
The Indian general insurance industry has shown impressive growth. 
During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the industry grew 13.33% 
with the GDP of Rs. 72,758 crores as against Rs. 64,198 crores for 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year's. Current trend 
suggested figure could surpass rupees Rs. 3,00,000 crores by the 
end of this financial year. 
For new India, staying true to our moto growth with profitability, we 
have strategically avoided loss-making businesses that could not 
meet our pricing or terms resulting in a slightly lower direct 
premium growth. The company's GWP for the quarter ended 30th 
June 24 was Rs. 11,788 crores. Our net earned premium for the 
quarter ended 30th June 2024 was rupees Rs. 8503 crores, 
registering a growth of 7.37% year on year. 
Our market share stands at 14.67% as on 30th June 2024 and we 
continue to be market leader despite the highly competitive 
environment. The first quarter of the year was marked by significant 
catastrophic events including Cyclone Remal, which is severely 
affected the West Bengal area and severe flooding in Assam and 
Northeast area due to heavy monsoon rains exacerbated by the 
cyclone Remal. 
As on 30th June 2024, the company has a net worth of rupees Rs. 
21,343 crores and investment assets standing at rupees Rs. 98,770 
crores. The company's net worth including the fair value change 
account increased from rupees Rs. 44,704 crores in March 24 to 
rupees Rs.47,703 crores in June 24. The Profit After Tax stood at 
rupees Rs.217 crores as against rupees Rs. 260 crores in the previous 
financial year, primarily due to motor third party portfolio where 
there has been no price division in the last three years. 
The incurred claim ratio has improved to 95.98% for the period 
ended 30th June 24 as against 96.19% for the corresponding 
quarter last year and 97.36% for the year ended 31st March 24. The 
combined ratio stands at 116.05% as against 115.16% for the 
corresponding quarter last year and 120.87 for the year ended 31st 
March 2024. 
The solvency ratio remains comfortably above the threshold of 1.50 
times and we are currently at 1.83 times. The company has a well-
diversified portfolio of products, including the recent launches of 
surety bonds. In fact, New India is one of the few insurers issuing 
both bid bonds as well as performance bonds, which will support 

infrastructure growth in the country. We are continuously striving to 
provide the best customer initiatives and services. 
Moving forward, our focus remains on digital initiatives, 
streamlining processes for increased efficiency and expanding our 
sales force particularly through our agency channel. In this direction, 
we have tied up with Super App players like Phonepay and having 
pays, WhatsApp enabled sales facilities. 
Looking at the 01 performance, we have revised our premium 
targets to better align with our strategic goal of growth with 
profitability. We aim to achieve an increase in retail insurance 
premiums and profitable segments, while improving our presence in 
under penetrated areas and lines of businesses. We plan to 
undertake targeted marketing campaigns, customer and 
intermediary engagement initiatives and the marketing of our 
products as per individual requirements. As per our benchmarks by 
under penetrated areas, we consider potential in the rural sector, 
livestock insurance tier two and three cities, microinsurance 
products for low-income groups, MSME sector, women centric 
products, targeting millennials and the Gen Z. 
With our superior digital capability, we plan to utilize our digital 
platform mobile technology and apps to reach remote areas. Our 
concerted efforts for the bancassurance channel is being made with 
the intention to collaborate with commercial banks, cooperative 
banks, regional rural banks, non-banking financial institutions. 
Additionally, we are looking to tap cooperative societies, local 
organizations, NGO's and self-help groups to enhance, reach and 
trust with our customers. 
Apart from the agency and bank assurance lines, our key focus areas 
shall be speedy claim settlement, improving our turnaround time 
and ICR, designing new products to meet the requirements of 
different segments and digitizing the claims settlement process 
including the Al based claims settlement in select lines of business. 
We have tied up with super app players like Phonepay, WhatsApp 
enabled sales facility and which is made available across many 
products. 
Work is in progress for adding more plugins facilities to improve 
customer journey. I want to assure our stakeholders that your 
company recognized as a domestic systematically important insurer 
is fundamentally strong and strategically well positioned to cater to 
the insurance needs of the country offering best solutions to our 
customers while ensuring proper pricing for our product. 

With that, I now hand over to our CFO - Mr. Vimal Kumar Jain, who 
will present the performance up to the first quarter of 2024. 
Vimal Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, ma'am, and good evening to everyone. I will give you a 
brief overview of the financial performance of the recently 
concluded first quarter of Financial Year 24-25. The results have 
been uploaded on our Stock Exchange and on our website as well. 
You can also access it as I am presenting a brief overview of the 
financials of the company for the quarter one of Financial Year 24-
25. 
We have the highest market share of 14.67% out of the total gross 
direct premium of rupees Rs. 72758 crores written by all the 
companies. We are leaders in fire, marine, engineering, motor, 
health, including PA and aviation. We are 105 years old company. 
We have a presence in 25 countries with 1755 offices in India and 
having dominant domestic market positions. 
Our solvency is strong at 1.83 times, which has grown from the 
earlier quarters. We are also rated by AM Best and Crisil ratings and 
are also having an ISO 27001:2013 certification and we are having a 
diverse product mix with technical competence and a multi-channel 
distribution. We strive to excel in customer service and technology 
with a consistent market leadership and growth. 
Along with the various initiatives, we are also aware of the ESG 
initiatives, which are required to be done, and we are trying to 
reduce our carbon footprint by sustainable practice, green energy 
solutions and digital processes. We are also implementing the 
various governance practices and aim to be transparent and 
accountable in all operations. We are involved in various social 
initiatives like education and health and have using the CSR budget. 
Our future strategy continues to be increasing the return on equity 
by increasing in market share, improving our profit margin by 
leveraging economies of scale driven by growth, rationalization of 
operating offices, increasing the digital penetration and maintaining 
a healthy solvency margin and we are always aiming to leverage 
technology to drive customer satisfaction, profitability and growth. 
Our distribution mix, we have brokers30%, direct business 36%, 
agency 25%, dealers 8% and bancassurance 1%. Our financial 
performance ensured we have completed a gross premium income 
of Rs.10,536 crore in first quarter of 24-25 as against Rs.10,212 crore 
in last year of first quarter. There is growth of 3.17%. 
Our growth return premium is of rupees Rs.11788 crore as against in 
rupees Rs.11362 crores which is giving a growth of 3.74%. The profit 

after tax is Rs.217 crores against Rs.260 crores. Net worth in Indian 
Rupees 21,343 crore as against INR 22,025 crore in quarter one 
financial year 23-24. There is growth of 5.39% in net worth. 
Net worth including fair value is Rs. 47,703 crore against Rs.38,487 
crore last year. Our ICR is 95.98% against 96.19% last year. Our 
combined ratio is at 116.05% against 115.16% last year. Solvency is 
1.83 times. And our return on equity is 4.09%. 
Our product mix for Fire is at 16%, Marine is 2%, Motor 22%, Health 
& PA 50% and others at 10%. The movement in technical reserves 
are adequately provided and as on 30th June 24, it is Rs.51,638 
crores in technical reserves. 
The key ratios we have incurred claim ratio of 95.98% Commission 
8.49% and expenses ratio of 11.58%. We are well within the EOM 
limits as per the IRDAI EOM regulation. Our solvency is 1.83 times 
and the return on equity is already mentioned is 4.09%. 
Net worth is Rs.21,343 crore. Net worth including fair valuation 
change 47,703 crore, investment and market value is 98,770 crore 
and solvency is 1.83 times. 
We come to the segmental performance. We have negative growth 
in fire by 7.15% and motor OD at -2.29% whereas positive growth is 
in motor TP at 9.39%, Health including PA at 5.58% and other 
business miscellaneous at 16.69%. As already mentioned, the ICR is 
95.98% and if you look at the Lop wise ICR, Fire is at 7.85%, Marine 
at 56.19%, Motor OD at 114.82%, Motor TP at 111.69%, Health at 
105.95% and other miscellaneous at 54.95%. These are the brief 
highlights of the financial performance of your Company for the first 
quarter. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Uday 
Agarwal, SBI Capital Securities. Please go ahead. 
Uday Agarwal: 
Yeah. Good afternoon, Sir. Thank you for your opportunity, Sir. I had 
a couple of questions. So first one is that earlier, you know, we had 
mentioned in our con-calls that we are trying to improve our 
banking partnerships to increase our sales. So, Sir has there been 
any progress on that front? 
Girija Subramanian: 	 Yes, there has been considerable progress on that front. In fact, in 
this current year also the strategy remains with the increased focus 
on increasing our Banca partnerships and also trying to make 
products and you know, make them available across Banca channels 
in the way our customers would like to receive them. We are in 
discussion with several banks, rural the RRB's, the cooperative banks 

Uday Agarwal: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Uday Agarwal: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Uday Agarwal: 
Girija Subramanian: 
as well as the commercial banks and they're forging new ties with 
couple of PSU banks. It will soon come into play in this current year. 
With this we are expecting that this year the banking, the 
bancassurance premium will go up considerably and all our products 
which are catering to the Banca channel are also being, you know 
promoted and training is being given to require people at the bank 
to enable them sell this product. So, with all these efforts, we hope 
to see a lot of traction, the bancassurance channel. 
OK. Thank you for the detailed answer. Ma'am, my next question is 
that could you just give us an indication you know about our 
profitability and the margins going forward, like how it will pan 
outgoing ahead? Will we see any improvement on that front? 
Yeah. So, which as regards profitability, we are profitable at the 
moment and we will continue to be profitable going forward also 
because our strategies are we have had a very close granular look 
into our operations across offices we have realigned our targets. 
This year we have got increased thrust on our retail segment where 
we feel there is a more subject to pricing that is possible for us to 
have and also where we're able to hold on to customers in a big 
way. So, we will be going very aggressively on the retail channel and 
therefore the profitability seems to be more on a positive note more 
achievable. Going forward, we plan to bring down the combined 
ratio significantly in the medium term so that they're able to be 
competitive in this current environment as well as have a very win-
win situation for the company. 
And if I could just, you know, squeeze in one more question. So, it 
was like I wanted to know like what is the internal international 
insurance market panning out as we have presence in 25 countries. 
And the last question is, could you just give us the breakup of the 
domestic and international gross return premium? 
Yeah. So, our overall premium consists of 10% foreign and 90% 
domestic. 
OK. And how is the international insurance market panning out as 
we are present in 25 countries? 
Yeah. The insurance market internationally is also very competitive 
Most of our branches and other offices are located in much 
developed nations which have and they have seen a lot of 
experience across many years and they are very steadily their 
operations and they are able to stand alone on their own without 
any capital support from us at the moment. And if we want to grow 
aggressively in those markets, we'll have to infuse a lot more capital. 
Therefore, the strategy has generally been to mean remain 

profitable and relevant and you know, not with a very aggressive 
growth margin. In any case, those markets are developed markets 
where it is very strictly regulated, so being compliant with the 
regulations and having a very relevant existence there itself is a 
challenge which New India has very successfully managed for many 
years across 25 countries. 
Uday Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Girija Subramanian: 
OK. Thank you. That's it from my side. Best wishes. 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead ma'am. 
Yeah. Thank you for taking my questions. I have a couple of 
questions. The first is just I want to follow up on the ma'am's 
comment that they are trying to that you are trying to avoid this loss 
making business lines. So, can you please get some more details as 
in which specific business lines or product segment that is? Second 
is can you please share your ROE target if you have for this year and 
the next year? And the third question is on the health insurance 
underwriting. In the presentation comments you have mentioned 
that some higher loss ratios were seen in the government health 
scheme, so I'm just trying to understand is it just one off or how do 
we see the loss ratios panning out in the government scheme 
segment and how should we overall think about the health 
insurance loss ratios because you've said that the retail and the 
group side is sort of improving in the underwriting. So yeah, those 
are from me. 
Yeah, to answer your question, #1 which was on which lines of 
business we are avoiding which are loss making. So, the comment 
that we made was we're not avoiding any line of business. We are 
present across all lines of business, will continue to be present. The 
only thing is our strategies have changed within the line of business 
so that we focus within the segment on better business on wherever 
we've had bleeding accounts like in group medi-claim business 
where we had a lot of heavy ICR because of group certain groups 
not performing well, we have hiked up the price and we have lost 
businesses because of that. So, there is I mean wherever we have 
lost business on account of increase in price so that it becomes 
viable for us, we have lost the business and therefore de-growth in 
those lines. Otherwise, we are very aggressive on the retail side 
across all lines of business where we intend to grow with much 
more aggression in the coming quarters. Now the second question 
was are we target, which our Executive Director, Mr. Titus will 
answer. 
Titus Francis: 	
Good evening once again and thank you for joining us. So is 
regarding the question regarding ROE. So, I would like to just inform 

you that we are committed to have double digit ROE in the short 
term. So, anything about 10 is what we are targeting to be above 10 
in the short term or the medium-term range. So, this is our target 
because we have a good amount of net worth, so we require a good 
amount of profit to have that ROE. So, this is what we target in the 
short term so probably in a year of one to three years. So, we have 
targeted that we will be going about. 
Girija Subramanian: 	
So on the third question regarding health loss issues, we have our 
GM — Mrs. Sushma Anupam who will answer that question. 
Sushma Anupam: 
Moderator: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Good evening and thank you for the question. Actually, related to 
the government loss issue, I will first answer that usually in any 
policy, the claims would be panning out in different times of the 
year and they are more or less cyclical and seasonal so what 
happens is that the entire picture, the loss ratios will stabilize by end 
of the year. So, if we look at it at any one point of time, it could vary 
from time to time. But over a period of time, it stabilizes so we see 
stability that will come by end of the year in the government's loss 
ratios. And as regards the other balance, health portfolio, as CMD 
Ma'am has already mentioned that we are forging ahead into the 
retail segments which are profitable and we are strategizing to have 
more and more business in that, at the same time we are 
concentrating on the group businesses which have been profitable 
and some of them which have not been profitable, we have tried 
attempting the price correction wherever the customers have 
supported us in this initiative. We have gone ahead with them 
wherever it has not been mutually acceptable, there we have let go 
of some accounts and definitely the effort as we have also recruited 
a large number of doctors. So, we are making all efforts to make the 
portfolio sustainable, at the same time, we are actually having some 
constraints in the form of the medical inflation that is coming year 
on year. So as much as the efforts are being made, we are even 
having to face the medical inflation and the newer additions and the 
treatments and the modern treatment cost, which is going up, that 
actually is on the other hand making all the calculations and 
estimations a bit stormy, so nevertheless it is a journey which we 
have begun and I think that with the strategy we are very hopeful of 
bringing down our loss ratios in the health segment as well in the 
group segment, I meant to say, thank you. 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi, JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Yeah. Sorry. Thank you for taking the question again, I could not 
catch your comments on the last question. Actually there was some 
issue with the line. So, just briefly on the health insurance segment, 
again, if you can. 

Sushma Anupam: 
OK, sure. So actually, as I was mentioning that as far as the 
government loss ratio, I would address that query first. Actually, the 
policy which is there is for a year and in usually in all such policies as 
the awareness increases and as we encounter different seasons, the 
claims do change in the numbers and the exposure that is there 
changes in the time of the year that we talk about; so, usually all 
such policies they stabilize by end of the year. So, even in this policy 
currently though, we see a spike in the loss ratio, we are very 
hopeful that by end of the policy year we will be able to have a 
repeat performance of the previous years and the loss ratio would 
stabilize there also because the seasonal impact will be neutralized 
by then. And coming to the other part I mentioned that in the retail 
segment as our CMD Ma'am has already mentioned that we are 
really going strong and we are making all efforts to increase our 
portfolio there and we are coming out with the new products and 
simplifying the processes and making it more customer friendly and 
easier for the customers to onboard various products that are being 
offered and we see a good traction and we are hopeful that there 
the portfolio is going strong and as far as the corporate group 
policies are concerned, we have attempted lot of price correction 
and we have a very huge book. It is well known by all of very large 
portfolio client. So, there we have all along attempted at a price 
correction and wherever we had challenges and there it was not 
mutually acceptable, we have let go such accounts and we have also 
recruited a large number of doctors. So, we are working very closely 
on monitoring of the claims and other processes that are there, but 
at the same time, another challenge or a problem that we 
encounter all along is the high medical inflation. So, initially it was 
felt that after COVID the medical inflation would come down, but it 
has sadly not come down and then to add to it, we also have lot of 
modern treatments coming up, which are actually quite costly and 
the estimations what are done usually on account of these 
sometimes do go a bit stormy because of various things in the short 
duration. But we are hopeful that even in the corporate health 
segment as the year progresses; we will make better improvement 
in the loss ratio. Thank you. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Sure, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi, JP Morgan again, 
please go ahead ma'am. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Yeah. Thank you so much for taking questions again. Just a couple of 
follow-ups actually. So, when we say that in the retail segment you 
have mentioned that you're going aggressive and you're trying to 
grow aggressively, aggressively aggressive on pricing means that 

cutting the prices or aggressive on gaining the market share and 
combining with hike in the pricing? 
Girija Subramanian: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Thank you. Aditi. Actually, it's a very good question. I really like to 
getting this opportunity to clarify that actually when we talk of 
aggressiveness, it is not the price alone. Price definitely has to be 
one of the important features because we are working in a 
competitive market where we can't price the product in isolation. 
But when we talk of aggression here, we were trying to make out a 
significant strategy where we are identifying the different sections 
of the population and coming out with different products that 
would attract different sections of the population. We are coming 
out with the features that would be more appreciated by the 
customers where the customers can easily onboard. And by the 
policies, so all these features, the ease of buying insurance and 
increasing the market penetration, that is what we were trying to 
mean when we say the aggressive. Thank you. 
OK. And I think in the past couple of quarters, we have seen some 
pricing hike in both retail and the corporate segment. So, is this 
trend continuing in both the segments, is it what's going on? 
Yeah. So actually, you know if you see in our flagship products, 
particularly, we had come out with the price revision after six years. 
So, because we could not come out with the price revision due to 
the pandemic being in force and after the pandemic, we came up 
with the price revision thereafter, we also made some changes in 
the pricing strategy because there was a lot of feedback around it 
that when the pricing is as per the age banks, then people who are 
having you know double impact as much as the price has gone up 
even the age has gone up. So, both the case, they have to pay a 
higher premium, so to take care of that as we had the in the 
previous meeting, we had informed and which we have 
implemented also that we came out with age wise pricing and also 
to take care of the normal differences, certain sections, certain 
areas of the country with higher medical inflation and the traction is 
more towards the usage in terms of the footfalls in the hospitals and 
all. So, taking care of that, the pricing was modified. So that was the 
price rise which we had in those products. And then now after the 
master circular, which has come in, there are some 5-6 changes 
which are introduced and mandated by the regulator for which we 
have to be compliant by 30th of September'24 to take care of that in 
some of our products which we had not touched the pricing for 
maybe over five years or so and which products are actually not 
very, I would put it this way that they form part of almost some 15% 
of our premium coverage kind of. In those policies we have come 
out with the increase recently, which has been received well, I think 

Aditi Joshi: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Management: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Moderator: 
Jayesh: 
Girija Subramanian: 
and which will be effective only in the later part of the year. Thank 
you. 
OK, sure. So when we talk about flagship products, it's, is it on the 
retail side? 
Yeah. So actually, you know in retail, we have to come out with a 
price revision because it is on a book basis. It has to be applicable to 
all simultaneously. And there are certain norms to be followed that 
we have to give the notice to the customers before we make any 
price revisions. Whereas on the other hand, you know, for group 
policies, it is always on each renewal we keep doing the price 
correction and for whatever features are getting added, they are 
factored and then accordingly the pricing is done so there we don't 
come out with a pricing strategy or like a particular percentage or 
some price because each policy has its own experience and it is an 
experience based pricing. 
OK, sure. Got it. And just one last question. Can you share the 
reason for a weaker investment income on a year-on-year basis in 
this quarter, in last quarter? 
Actually, in the first quarter or that profit on sale, we have not sold 
much equity. Due to that dividend, we received in the first quarter. 
In the after first quarter also. So we sold less equity after the first 
quarter and our due to that we realized less profit on sales of equity, 
OK, got it. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Jayesh 
from Harshad Gandhi. Please go ahead Sir. 
Actually have joined little later. Whether I don't know whether you 
have answered this question or not, what are we doing to bring 
down our combined ratio? It is for my first question and the second 
question in in the last three years on an overall basis how much your 
increase in prices have we have we done across all our products 
whether it be health or whether it be fire. What are we anticipate in 
the price increase? 
So as far as the combined ratio goes, it's a multi-pronged approach 
that we are you know trying out unless that we are changing our 
strategy towards our business, we are going more retail now 
because across the industry even I mean if you examine the 
performance of products across various insurers, retail business has 
done better across all lines of business most of the time so 
therefore, we are also going retail and we are, you know, putting 
our distribution strategy in place to match with our aspirations on 

Jayesh: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Sharad Ramnarayan: 
this front and we are activating most of our Bancassurance channels 
getting into more tie up, having more engagement with our 
intermediaries agencies agency, with our agents in order to ensure 
that the products that we have customized for our retail segment 
are sold and they reach the masses. Moreover, we have put internal 
targets of you know getting some chunk of premium, either to 
uninsured areas, so getting some new business which has never 
been insured before, which is one of the targets of our company this 
year and this will go a long way in ensuring that the combined ratio 
comes down significantly. We are you know reviewing our pricing on 
corporate businesses wherever they have bled or in in tune with the 
current market trends in that line of business, we are improving that 
price in those accounts and all of this collectively will surely bring 
down the combined ratio we believe. We are improvising heavily on 
our systems and processes. We are investing a lot into skill set 
development of our employees in order to be able to address issues, 
you know quickly bring around faster turnaround times in terms of 
claim service, see that less number of claims you know are delayed 
and we give better value for the customer and all of this because the 
risk selection itself, I think there has been a huge difference in the 
way the risk selection strategy has been because we have inducted a 
lot of risk engineers, automobile engineers, we have inducted 
doctors into our workforce and they are working tirelessly and 
gaining experience each day as we go and we are also, you know, 
training them into the peculiarities of this, you know, each of these 
lines of business, they're able to give better service and do a better 
job of the risk assessment at the time of selection itself. This also we 
believe will bring a big traction to the results at the end of the year. 
And in the medium term, we expect to bring down the combined 
ratio significantly. 
That's great to hear. And, Madam, what about the price rises that 
we have taken in, say, last three years on an overall, I mean all the 
businesses? 
Yeah. On this, I would like our Appointed Actuary, Mr. Sharad to 
explain. 
So, price rises, we cannot give a figure to across the board how 
much price increase was taken because it depends on a lot of factors 
including what segment of the market we are talking about. So, 
coming to specifics in retail health, there has been a price increase 
of close to 25 odd percent, which we rolled out last year and this 
year also because of some zoning related changes, there has been 
price increase in some zones which has been rolled out. Again, for 
the regulatory purpose, there is a 10% hike which is rolled out 
across various different retail health products. On group health, 
pricing is done on a case-to-case basis depending on how the 

behavior of the group works and as Mrs. Sushma mentioned earlier, 
the pricing has been made much more prudent and wherever the 
price we want is not available, we are happy to walk away. Coming 
to motor because there has been no price increase on the motor 
third party front, we have rolled out some price increases on the 
motor own damage front in order to cushion the impact so that has 
been done and that has been done across segments, particularly on 
the commercial vehicle side. The price increase has been on the 
higher side on the own damage. Coming to property because of data 
repeat, there has been some pricing pressure, but here the focus is 
more on risk selection. So, that for the price which is available in the 
market, we are choosing the right. So, like that for every product 
line, the strategy has been different depending on the market 
conditions. So, across the board, whether price has increased 
decrease that is I don't think we can really be able to pinpoint the 
figure to you. 
Jayesh: 	
I get it, Sir. Thank you and good luck for future. 
Moderator: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to Mrs. Girija 
Subramanian — CMD, New India Assurance Company Limited for 
closing comments. 
Yeah, I would like to, you know, take this opportunity to thank all 
our investors, our business partners, our employees and everybody 
connected to New India one way or the other, mainly our customers 
who are constantly deposing trust, trust in this institution, which 
proves the existence for 106 years and we will be there strong 
leading from the front across many more years to come and we 
would put every effort that is there. The entire management team 
and the workforce to ensure that we deliver on the promises that 
we have given to our customers at all times. Thank you so much for 
this opportunity. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Concept Investor Relations, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
