 
 
 
 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited, Zensar Knowledge 
Park, Plot No. 4, MIDC Kharadi, Off Nagar Road, 
Pune 411014 
www.zensar.com 
investor@zensar.com 
CIN: L72200PN1963PLC012621 
+(20) 6607 4000, 2700 4000 
+(20) 6605 7888 
July 29, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department, 
1st Floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Fax: (022) 2272 2039/2272 3121 
 
Scrip ID: ZENSARTECH 
Scrip Code: 504067 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 3rd floor, 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),    
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Fax: (022) 26598237/26598238 
 
Symbol: ZENSARTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
 
Subject: Q1 FY25 Results Earnings Call - Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter(s) dated July 23, 2024, please note that the transcript of the earnings call 
held on July 23, 2024 at 8:45 a.m. (IST) for Financial Results of the Company, for the quarter ended 
on June 30, 2024, has been made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.zensar.com/about/investors/investors-relation?result=Quarterly-Results#Investor-Corner  
 
This is for your information and dissemination purpose. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Zensar Technologies Limited 
                                     
 
Rajiv Mundhra 
Authorized Signatory 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
RAJIV 
MUNDHR
A
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV 
MUNDHRA 
Date: 2024.07.29 
17:51:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
  
 
“Zensar Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH TANDON – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK RANJAN – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER – ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAYASIMHA A. – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NIMESH KHEMKA – GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLLER – ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT CHANDRA – HDFC SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Zensar Technologies Limited Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I welcome you 
all to the Zensar Technologies' Q1 FY '25 Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Manish Tandon, 
CEO and Managing Director, and few other members of the Senior Management Team.  
Before I hand over the call to Manish, I would like to highlight that the safe harbor statement of 
this second slide of the earnings presentation is assumed to be read and understood. Thank you 
and over to you Manish. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thank you, Amit.  
Hello, Good morning, Good afternoon, Good evening, everyone.  First of all, thank you for 
joining the call today on the Budget announcement day. I appreciate your energy and interest in 
Zensar. With me on this call are a few of my colleagues, Vijayasimha, Chief Operating Officer; 
Vivek Ranjan, Chief HR Officer; and Nimesh Khemka, Global Financial Controller. 
Client centricity has been a core tenet for us at Zensar. Our highest-ever Customer Survey score 
in FY '24 shows that we have made significant progress in establishing ourselves as strategic 
partners of choice amongst our clients. We have started FY '25 with green shoots across key 
parameters and have witnessed good momentum across our portfolio. 
Our employee happiness score has been at an all-time high of 84% for the last two consecutive 
years. Average Annual Variable payout was 100% for FY '24. Effective July 1, we have 
announced the annual salary hike for all our employees as per schedule, unlike some of our 
industry peers. LTM attrition further improved to 10.6% from a very low of 10.9% last quarter. 
With our EEE proposition and our domain-led approach, we have enabled our clients to achieve 
their transformation goals. We continuously enhance our service offerings to meet the evolving 
needs of our clients with tailored solutions.  
As a part of our strategic investments, we are pleased to announce that Zensar will acquire 
BridgeView Life Sciences, a Pennsylvania-based technology and consulting solutions company 
in Life Sciences industry, specializing in pharmaceutical commercial segment. This move 
reinforces our focus on the Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical and bolsters our end-to-end 
pharmaceutical commercial quality and regulatory capabilities. 
For Q1 FY '25, our revenue stood at $154.4 million, which is a sequential quarter-on-quarter 
growth of 4.2% in reported currency and 4.3% in constant currency.  

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
For the second consecutive quarter, we have registered sequential Q-o-Q growth across all our 
verticals. In constant currency terms, on a Q-o-Q basis, our revenue in Healthcare grew by 6.9% 
Banking and Financial Services had a growth of 6.8%. Manufacturing and Consumer Services 
grew by 2.7%, and even TMT, Telecom, Media and Technology, grew by 1.2%. 
With that, I will now invite Nimesh, our Global Finance Controller, to provide an update on the 
critical financial data. Nimesh? 
Nimesh Khemka: 
Thank you, Manish. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining this call. In addition to 
Manish talking about the business, I'll be taking you through some of the key financial metrics 
for the quarter ending June '24. 
The reported revenue for the first quarter of financial year '25 is $154.4 million in U.S. dollar 
terms, reflecting a growth of 4.2% sequentially. In constant currency terms, the revenue grew 
by 4.3% sequentially.  
The gross margin for the quarter stood at 30.4%, a drop of 20 basis points quarter-on-quarter 
basis. The decline was primarily due to increase in operational costs including travel, visa, 
licenses impacting margins by 150 basis points, which was offset by the exchange benefit of 20 
basis points, increase in utilization and volume positively impacted the margin by 40 basis points 
and onetime benefit of 70 basis points on account of the R&D credit received during the quarter. 
SG&A has increased by 110 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis, primarily on account of 
a provision created for doubtful debts for one of our customers who had filed bankruptcy under 
Chapter 11. 
We exited Q1 FY '25 EBITDA at 15.2%, which is in line with our given range of mid-teens. Our 
PAT stood at 12.3%. Order book for the quarter stood at 154 million. 
Cash and cash equivalents increased further by $19.2 million to $280.9 million, and DSOs 
improved by 1 day to 72 days on account of healthy collection contributing to overall financial 
health and operational agility of the company.  
With that, I now invite Vijayasimha, Chief Operating Officer, to comment further on Q1 FY '25 
results. 
Vijayasimha A.: 
Thank you, Manish and Nimesh. Greetings, everyone. I will share details about our operational 
efficacy, service line performance and capability enrichment initiatives.  
We are continuing our journey on the operational excellence and making good progress. Our 
utilization improved by 20 basis points sequentially and 140 basis points year-on-year. The rigor 
associated with accelerated fulfilment and capability enrichment continued in Q1. We had a 
gross addition of 855 employees in the quarter. Our overall head count increased by 47 compared 
to Q4 of FY '24. As described by Manish, our voluntary attrition reduced to 10.6%. 
Service lines, the offering from our Service Lines and industry services groups continue to 
resonate well with our clients. The share of revenue from our Service Lines, that is Advanced 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Engineering Services, Data Engineering and Analytics, Experience Services, Cloud and 
Infrastructure Services increased to 53.2% in Q1 of FY '25, which is 100 basis points higher 
sequentially.  
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, in reported terms, Data Engineering and Analytics grew by 
17.9%. Advanced Engineering Services grew by 9.3%. Cloud Infrastructure and Security, which 
was previously called as Foundation Services, grew by 4.0%. Application Services and 
Enterprise Applications grew by 2.0%. Experience Services revenue dipped by 3.1% coming off 
a stellar previous quarter growth of 9.1%. 
On the capability enrichment front, we are continuing to build upon the strong outcomes of FY 
'24. Our talent transformation effort is focused on accelerating the shift towards T and Pi shaped 
skills through gamified learning events developed by our Service Line Academies. We deepened 
our focus on Healthcare, BFSI and MCS domains by expanding multilevel domain training and 
certifications. 
Partnerships with key technology providers have been instrumental in delivering cutting-edge 
certifications and collaborative learning experiences in AI, GenAI, Data Engineering and Cloud. 
Our continued innovations in AI/GenAI have enabled us to deliver significant benefit to our 
clients. We are helping clients build a robust cognitive infrastructure and collaborating with them 
to effectively leverage our innovative AI solutions like Engineering Buddy, Data Buddy, 
Business Avatars, Responsible AI framework, etcetera to deploy secure, scalable, and 
sustainable solutions for their micro-vertical level business challenges. 
With that, I hand it back to Manish. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thanks, Vijay and Nimesh.  
The macroeconomic situation, along with geopolitical threats and cybersecurity challenges 
continues to make the environment volatile. We expect the markets to remain unchanged in FY 
'25. Our strategic focus and investments in key areas have helped us drive resilience across our 
business. While concentrating on growth trajectory, we are constantly working on to develop 
the skills and resources necessary to support our clients in reaching their objectives. 
With that, we can open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Congrats on a strong quarter. Manish, I had a few questions -- you did mention that the 
environment remains unchanged and can be volatile. The current quarter, the deal wins have 
been relatively flattish year-on-year and the book-to-bill is 1. And I think as an outsider, 
basically, what we have seen is there's a reasonable correlation between the wins and the revenue 
generation in the following quarters. 
So just wanted your thoughts there in terms of is there a reasonable backlog that could help in 
the near term? And two, how is the pipeline looking? And does that sort of give confidence? 
And also, from a large deal in the pipeline, how does that look?  

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Manish Tandon: 
All right. So, Nitin, first of all, we are very happy with the order bookings that we had this 
quarter. If you compare it to the same quarter -- this is a seasonal number. And if you compare 
it to the same quarter last year, it is almost flat, which is a good sign because, I think, last Q2, 
we delivered some decent results. So hopefully, we'll be able to do something equivalent this 
time also based on order book. 
And again, from a pipeline perspective, the pipeline is okay. There is a lag in order booking 
because, last quarter, we did $180 million or so in order books. So, some of that is already there. 
With that said, Q2, I think we have not seen the full impact of this cybersecurity outage. In the 
past, when this has happened, some of the dollars allocated towards project suddenly got diverted 
towards more cybersecurity. That is one. 
And the second thing is that we are seeing some furloughs in the tech sector, which are 
happening in this quarter, which is the first time that it has happened in the last few years that I 
know of. So, there is momentum definitely, but there are also headwinds. So we are cautiously 
optimistic about Q2 based on our order bookings, based on our pipeline and based on what we 
are seeing in the market.  
I know you have not asked about the margin, but I'm sure that the next question is going to be 
on the margin. So, I just want to make clear that the 15.2% EBITDA margin has an one-timer of 
1.1%. And hence, the effective normalized margin should be 16.3%EBITDA margin. This is 
because of Chapter 11 reorganization filed by one of our clients. And in line with prudent 
accounting, we have taken the entire receivables of that client and put them -- provided for them, 
although there is a reasonably good chance of some recovery. So effectively, the normalized 
margin of this quarter is also 16.3% instead of the reported 15.2%. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Great. Just a follow-up on the margin, right, so when you look at it, going forward I think this 
quarter, we also had some reasonable on-site shift. And do you think that sort of files in the 
second half of the year? Do you think there are some offshore shifts in the second half? Second 
is, from a wage increase perspective, what do you think would be the broad kind of impact? And 
finally, on the travel and visa and licenses, which is the 150-bps impact, how much of that is sort 
of nonrecurring? If you could just isolate that portion out, will be helpful. 
Manish Tandon: 
Vijay, you want to answer? 
Vijayasimha A.: 
Yes. I think the wage increase, as Manish said, we have given, I think, industry-level wage 
increase. That is likely to have a $3 million impact on a quarterly basis going forward. But we 
are talking, perhaps, in terms of operational efficacies like pyramid optimization and so on and 
so forth to, like, help minimize the impact of the wage increase. 
With regards to your question around visa, travel as well as licenses. Licenses is going to be 
recurring, whereas visa and travel are one-timers that we saw in Q1. And I think the third point 
was around on-site ratio. While the on-site mix, in terms of revenue, increased by 1.4%, the 
effort mix only increased by about 0.4%. We think that it will be in that range. It’s a small range. 
Depending on the type of projects, there’ll always be a 0.5% here and there that will happen. So 
those are the 3 factors that did impact the operating margins in Q1. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. The visa and travel, what would be the one-timer, if you could just quantify? 
Vijayasimha A.: 
I mean, we have some travel for whatever, projects starting and stuff like that. So those things 
were why it increased a little bit. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. I'm just trying to figure out the tailwind from that in the following quarter. That's all. 
Vijayasimha A.: 
No, I think it's too small to, like, talk about a tailwind from that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
My first question is regarding the furloughs. Manish, what you highlighted, it's relatively usual 
to see furloughs in this quarter. So can you highlight any particular vertical or geo you are seeing 
this kind of furloughs. 
Manish Tandon: 
These furloughs usually happens in TMT as a vertical, which is telecom, media and technology. 
So that is the vertical where it is happening. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
And any quantification, Manish, if possible? 
Manish Tandon: 
No, we wouldn't like to comment on the quantification. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Moving on to the Chapter 11, which one of the clients had filed, how much will be the 
impact on receivables, the write-off? 
Manish Tandon: 
Receivable was -- the write-off was $1.7 million, 1.75 million, right? 
Vijayasimha A.: 
Yes, yes. 
Manish Tandon: 
$1.75 million, which translates to about 1.1% in margin dilution because of that. So that's our 
impact. The normalized EBITDA margin should be around 16.3%. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
And just one follow-up, Manish. Generally, when this kind of event happened, companies 
continue to serve the client for some period till they reach some agreement. So, is it fair to 
assume even in next quarter, you will have impact from this client? 
Manish Tandon:  
No. As per Chapter 11 norms, whatever you do after the bankruptcy is filed, those receivables 
are covered by the bankruptcy financing laws. And we are also one of the -- we have also 
positioned ourselves as one of the key creditors or strategically important critical vendors, so we 
have a better chance of receiving. 
I hope it was not another Crowdstrike incident. But we were discussing bankruptcy. And see, 
first of all, this is a small client, about $300k per month of billing or so. And what I was trying 
to tell you is that the receivables that we have post-bankruptcy filing, the work that we do post-
bankruptcy filing, as per the bankruptcy laws of the U.S., they have to be paid. 
And there is bankruptcy financing arranged for that by the client, and we will get paid for that. 
Anything that was before that, which is that $1.75 million or so that we are talking about, has 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
been already provided for in the books. So, there is no further risk associated with this as far as 
shareholders are concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Manik Taneja: 
Manish, just wanted to understand this comment around furloughs in the High-Tech vertical. If 
you could elaborate in terms of what's driving this. I presume this is largely true within the top 
customer. And how should we be thinking about our earlier thought process about seeing 
sequential revenue growth every single quarter through FY '25 in the backdrop of some of these 
challenges? And the second question was with regards to margins while you alluded to the 
onetime impact in the current quarter. How should we be thinking about -- some of our operating 
levers… 
Manish Tandon: 
So first... 
Manik Taneja: 
Sorry, there are some background noises. So, I was just requesting to understand about your 
margin outlook for the year. 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, margin outlook for the year remains unchanged as before. We have said mid-teen EBITDA 
margins. We are still there in that range, and we will continue to maintain that outlook, number 
one. Number two was your point about furloughs. I do not comment on individual clients. So 
there are furloughs in the TMT sector. You are free to gauge whatever you want to gauge from 
it, number two. 
Number three was growth quarter-on-quarter irrespective of this, I mean, that's what I get paid 
for. But we are committed to making sure that we deliver. Irrespective of the environment, we 
continue to deliver growth quarter-on-quarter to our investors. And until now, since we have 
been there as this new management team, we have delivered growth every quarter, except for 
Q3 of last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine Investment Managers. 
Chirag Shah: 
Just one small follow-up on this after-revenue provision that you made in your P&L. One, you 
said that the revenue account was $300K annual, right? 
Manish Tandon: 
Per month. 
Chirag Shah: 
Per month. Okay. Sir, my question is can you talk a bit about what is the size or a broader 
indication of what kind of customer that was, one and what is the tail risk that we have if the 
U.S. cycle turns for -- not turns around on the negative side. What is the tail risk we have for the 
smaller accounts that we have? If you can just speak about these, it would be helpful. 
Manish Tandon: 
So, first of all, we don't want to comment on the sector or the client. It'll be inappropriate for us, 
number one. Number two is you talked about tail risk. As you see, our DSO is the best that it 
has been in the last 10 years, okay? And our provisioning policies remain very robust. So, there 
is no -- I mean, look, 1 or 2 clients might go under sometimes as a part of creative destruction 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
of capitalism. You will continue to see growth -- clients growing, clients falling off the way. 
And as your management team, it's our responsibility to manage it. 
We are trying to manage it. We will manage it in a relatively efficient and risk-free fashion for 
our shareholders. And as I said, the best way of looking at it is in terms of DSOs, and our DSO 
is best in class or best for us in the last 10 years. So, our quality of revenue is solid. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. So just to clarify on this thing. We are seeing that we don't have many smaller accounts, 
which could be vulnerable. That is the way to understand. There could be one of ways I 
understand -- I'm not even denying that it's an important part of business, but there is no major 
tail risk as such, where every quarter or once a quarter for -- we may have -- once a year, we 
may have to make this kind of provisions or bigger provisions. That is the way to understand, 
correct? 
Manish Tandon: 
I have been here for 6 quarters now. This is the first time that we are making provision and that 
also 1.1% of revenues. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes, sir. The quantum is very small, I agree. I'm not even debating that. I'm just trying to 
understand our customer profiling because, most of the time, we focus on top 10, top 15, maybe 
top 20, 30 customers. We don't talk about the Tail, which could be aggregate level, 8%, 10% of 
revenue, 15% of revenue. 
Manish Tandon: 
The Tail risk, from my perspective, see, there are Tail accounts. The first question to ask as a 
service provider are the Tail accounts because of us or because of the client. So, there are lots of 
logos in the Tail accounts, which we have not been able to farm effectively. And the focus there 
is to farm them. 
There are tail accounts where we don't see too much potential, so we restrict our commitments 
to those accounts in order to maintain our basic servicing. So, you have to look at it at a portfolio 
level. From a financial perspective, as I said, we have very, very conservative provisioning 
policies. And I don't see much risk in terms of... 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Manish, in the last Analyst Meet, you said you are aspiring to add a large deal across just the 
vertical segment where we operate. So, any update on that? And what are the prospects of 
improving traction on the large deals in FY 2025? 
Manish Tandon: 
Only 1 quarter -- Sandeep, only 1 quarter is over in the FY '25. So, we are still gunning for it. 
There are a few in the pipeline. And hopefully, we should be able to convert 1 or 2 of them. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. So, what I meant is do you believe the pipeline creation and the growth on the large deals 
is increasing because of the efforts and the focus? 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, of course. I mean, as -- like any good operating team, you have to keep looking at the data 
and looking at -- to see if there are -- if whatever you're doing is making sense and having an 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
impact. And we definitely see the impact -- the positive impact on our pipeline as far as large 
deals are concerned. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And sir, based on the revenue run rate of the bankrupt account, it looks like it's 0.6% to 
the top line. And there would be also furlough in the TMT in the Q2. So is it fair to assume this, 
too, could be a headwind on the growth in the Q on a Q-on-Q basis, despite that, you are saying 
we are cautiously optimistic? So, do you believe a 4% growth scenario can be maintained? Or 
there would be headwind and those momentum may not be maintained because of these 
headwinds? 
Manish Tandon: 
Sandeep, I wish I could answer your question. I have asked the Board that we should be able to 
give guidance in quarters, with that analyst calls will be shorter but there's still -- the Board is 
deliberating on it. But yes, I mean, it's my job to tell you that -- what the headwinds are and what 
the tailwinds are. And that's what we are trying to do there, and you can make your own 
assessment. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. But this bankruptcy account could have a tailwind on the growth in the Q2, right? 
Manish Tandon: 
Bankruptcy, whatever was a tailwind of ours is already gone. We already had renegotiated the 
contract. So, this was baked into our numbers. And as I said, whatever we are going to bill post-
bankruptcy filing, which was July 7, I think, from July 8, that is, anyway, going to come to -- 
will get paid on priority. So, there is no headwind per se, whatever is the headwind was in terms 
of a receivables and that we have provided for already. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And Manish, with furloughs being there in the Q2, is it fair to assume this time, Q3 
could be slightly better? Or there will also be a seasonal softness in Q3 because of furloughs 
continuing in Q3 over the year? 
Manish Tandon: 
So, the fundamental nature of the industry has not changed, Sandeep. Q3 has been furlough for 
the industry for very long, and I don't see that changing in a hurry. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And last question, in terms of second quarter, we have called out $3 million worth of 
wage hike impact. That would be roughly 180, 200 bps to the margin. Is it fair to assume most 
of it could be compensated? Or we believe flattish margin is the best-case scenario? Or a base 
case scenario? 
Manish Tandon: 
That's a 3-billion-dollar question. We are working every day to mitigate the impact of the wage 
hikes. We are taking lots of actions. And there's a whole bunch of actions like permanent 
optimization, the on-site offshore ratio, all sorts of things are there. And we are working on 
making sure that, that is mitigated to the extent possible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
So, my question is on the BFSI vertical, obviously, we have seen a strong recovery there. So, if 
you can throw some more colour what is happening there. Are you seeing some increase in the 
discretionary spend there? Or is it more structural? Or is it more due to some shorter-term 
projects there? 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Manish Tandon: 
So, Amit, BFSI vertical, for us, has been relatively strong throughout, and our underperformance 
has been primarily due to the TMT vertical. So, over the period, if you look at -- over the last 
few quarters, every time, in BFSI, there has been a positive momentum. And this quarter, it is 
showing up very well, but that momentum has continued to build for us, and this sector has done 
well for us. Regarding your question on is it onetime projects or is it going to continue, well, I 
hope it is going to continue because even where we are doing projects, we have larger projects, 
which we don't see ending quickly. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, we have been investing in the Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical, so we have 
also seen a strong recovery there in terms of growth. So, if you can throw some more colour on 
the acquisitions that we have done in terms of the BrdigeView health care, which is in the 
Healthcare consulting space. So, what kind of synergies will we see there? And what are the 
earnout targets there? 
Manish Tandon: 
So, Amit, financially, whatever we had to communicate on the acquisition, we have 
communicated in the filings. But the Strategic rationale, I can spend a little bit of time to explain 
that. See, first of all, as you know, we started the Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical in Q2 or 
Q3 of last year 2024, so one-way was to look at small tuck-in acquisitions in the right area, so 
we actually created a Go-to-market strategy. 
We figured out that this is the space that we want to go after, which offers quick returns, and it's 
more strategic. And so, we zeroed in on BridgeView Life Sciences. And in the charter, it might 
have been lost, but this is basically we are going after Pharma Commercial area, and this is 
Veeva related. 
And as you know, those who follow this industry, that Veeva has decided to move away from 
Sales Force, and we expect a lot of work to be happening on these movements, both in Sales 
Force and in Veeva. So that is the Strategic rationale for doing this acquisition. We are getting 
some very good talent with it. We just had our first town hall with the BridgeView Life Sciences 
team. They are very excited about joining us, and we are also very excited about having them as 
a part of our team. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And now if you can comment on the Africa as a geography because it has been weak for 
4-5 quarters now. So how do you see that geography? Is it still strategic to us? Or we are trying 
to... 
Manish Tandon: 
South Africa is a strategic geography for us, and it has not been -- see, the problem there, it has 
not been weak for us. In fact, actually the volume growth in that geography has been very good 
and constant currency growth has been good. It is just that the rand has declined by 10% or so 
from $16 to I think $18-point-something, and that gets reflected -- that does not show up in the 
numbers. 
But South Africa is doing very well for us from an organic growth perspective. We have the 
who's who of that country as our client, and this is one country that Zensar actually has a larger 
presence than most of its Indian, larger peers also. So, it's a very strategic industry for us, and 
we will continue to invest in it, and we will continue to invest for growth. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. And on the furloughs that you mentioned, obviously, we are seeing for the very first 
time. But in this quarter, we had the full quarter impact of furlough? Or we'll see the full quarter 
impact in the next quarter, specifically furloughs? 
Manish Tandon: 
Furlough is about -- mostly it varies from 1 week to 2 weeks based on listing and it happened in 
July. So, you have not seen the furlough impact in this quarter. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And in terms of the hiring plans, how do you see that in -- like we are running at 84% 
kind of utilization and what are the hiring plans? How many freshers do you want to hire in this 
year? 
Manish Tandon: 
This is the first time that the actual net head count has increased. 
Vijayasimha A: 
Second quarter in a row. 
Manish Tandon: 
Second quarter in a row that the net head count has increased. So, we are being -- first of all, I 
mean, when you see utilization of 84%, we have to give credit to the COO and the delivery 
teams and this thing, that they are -- it's not just about hiring. It is about cross training so that we 
can utilize the people that we have already. It is one of the most people-friendly policies that we 
have as a company. 
We invest a lot in training, cross-training of our people so that we can re-deploy those people 
first rather than trying to hire new people from the market. And wherever possible, we are 
looking at onboarding freshers I think we onboarded about 50 last quarter, and we will onboard 
maybe 100 or so in this quarter also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Manish, from the other verticals, which is, I think, TMT, Manufacturing, Consumer, how has 
the cross-sell sort of initiatives sort of helped so far? And how is that done? So that's one part. 
And I think the very fact that you are even thinking of our guidance means and this not -- that 
has improved structurally, which was in the case earlier. So, thanks for that. But just some 
thoughts on these 2 verticals on the cross-sell and the pipeline and all of that would be helpful. 
Manish Tandon: 
So, in MCS, most of the -- in fact, growth, as you remember what Vijay said, growth has been 
coming primarily from cross-sell only. And that is reflected that in our TAM, in our Service 
Lines. Between Q4 and Q1, we have a 100-basis point increase in revenues on service line, right? 
What used to be 52%, 53% is now, whatever, 53%, 54%. And that itself is an indication that the 
cross-selling mechanism is working well. 
The other mechanism that we also track is account planning and to see how we are using our 
Service Lines to penetrate accounts, and I'm happy to report that those are also doing that. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. Perfect. And just one last question. On BridgeView, any thoughts on how margins are 
versus the rest of the company? 
Manish Tandon: 
It'll not to be margin dilutive or EPS dilutive this year is all I can say. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, sir. Just a question, Manish. I think, earlier, you indicated that this year, we aspire to be in 
line with the industry growth. And next year, we can be in the leaders' quadrant in terms of the 
growth rates. So looking at the current macro environment, do you believe we are on track for 
this? Or anything else you would like to highlight, which will take us in that growth path? 
Manish Tandon: 
Sandeep, you are best positioned to answer that question. Yes, all the quarterly results are 
coming this year, this quarter. Almost everyone is through. And you know our quarterly number, 
the quarterly number of the industry. So, you are in the best position to think and comment on 
it. We are committed to making things happen, which are in line with what we have promised 
to the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
So, Manish, I have 2 questions with respect to Telecom and BFS vertical. So how do we see, for 
the next 3 remaining quarters of the fiscal? And what sort of discussion going on for these 2 
verticals? 
Manish Tandon: 
We are very positive about all our verticals. So, as I said, we are seeing -- this is the second 
quarter in a row where all our verticals have shown sequential growth. And we are hoping that 
we will continue to maintain that momentum going forward. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Any pecking order, like, which verticals do that, like, who do well in incoming quarters, and you 
have more expectations from one of them? 
Manish Tandon: 
All these verticals are like my kids. So happy with success of each one of them. There's no 
favourite amongst them. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Manish Tandon, Chief Executive Director and Managing Director for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thank you. And first of all, as I said before, today is budget day. This is a very small event in -
- compared to what big event is going to happen today. So, appreciate your interest in attending 
this call with us. As the management team, we remain committed to making things work for our 
shareholders and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
