 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
To,  
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
 
Scrip code: 540268 
 
To, 
The Manager  
Department of Corporate Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip code: TRU 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and 
in furtherance to our letter(s) dated August 08, 2024, August 13, 2024 and August 14, 2024, 
we have enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 14, 2024, at 
11:00 a.m. (IST).  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TruCap Finance Limited  
 
 
 
Sonal Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
Sonal 
Sharma
Digitally signed by 
Sonal Sharma 
Date: 2024.08.20 
19:09:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
TruCap Finance Limited 
Q1 Financial Year 2025 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY25 Conference 
Call of TruCap Finance Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing the “*”, then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note this conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company based on beliefs, opinions, and expectation of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Now, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Juneja – 
Managing Director and CEO from TruCap Finance Limited. Accompanying 
him from the management will be Mr. Sanjay Kukreja, Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Mahendra Kumar Servaiya, Chief Credit Officer and Mr. 
Gaurav Bhargava, Business Head - Gold Loans. 
 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you, Steve. Welcome everyone to our Fiscal 1Q FY25 Earnings Call. 
We reported pre-tax earnings for the Quarter at Rs. 21 million, up 22% 
from Rs. 17 million in 1Q fiscal '24. While revenue growth was extremely 
robust at 39% year-over-year, earnings growth was lower relative to 
revenue growth at 22% due to higher funding costs and OPEX, which was 
occurred to build out of our distribution franchise to cater towards 
lending as a service partners. While funding costs have increased, we 
have seen an increase in our net interest margin, which rose from 6.1% 

 
Page 2 of 18 
to 6.7%, given higher yields from increasing business with these co-
lending partners.  
Our disbursements for the quarter stood at Rs. 3.8 billion, up from Rs. 
2.7 billion in June 2023. Disbursement growth was primarily driven by 
MSME gold and business loans, which now represent over 99% of assets 
under management. Our AUM, which includes on-balance sheet and off-
balance sheet loans, originated with co-lending partners, has grown to 
Rs. 11.6 billion, up from Rs. 6.6 billion a year ago. 66% of our AUM 
comprises of gold loans, 33% in MSME business loans and less than 1% in 
loans against property and personal loans, which are in run-off mode. 
 
The gold loan business has an active borrower base of more than 55,000 
customers and an average ticket size of Rs. 0.13 million. The tenure of 
these loans at origination is usually 12 months, but the average maturity 
on the books is typically six to eight months. Our team has disbursed more 
than Rs. 35 billion to over 255,000 customers over the last four years in 
loans backed by gold. 
 
Gross NPAs in the gold loan book are a meager 12 basis points. Gold taken 
to auctions are just over Rs. 180 million for over 2,500 customers, 
representing just 0.5% of cumulative disbursements. It is noteworthy that 
we have recovered more than 109% of principal and interest due on gold 
loans which were sold in auction and therefore, we have refunded excess 
amounts to borrowers. In the business loan product, we have an active 
borrower base of over 43,000 customers and an average ticket size of Rs. 
0.1 million. These loans have an average tenure of one and a half years 
and the gross NPA on this product is 3.7%.  
 
In the last two quarters, we have added Lending-as-a-Service partners for 
the business loan product with the most recent partner being SIDBI for 
the Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 5,00,000 product. With SIDBI, these loans are 
originated directly from our branch network where the outstanding AUM 
is Rs. 42.1 million over the course of the last four months. Interestingly, 
on a low 8% bounce rate in this book, we have collected 100% of these 
bounces with a 0% net bounce rate since we started originating these 
loans for SIDBI. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Our gross NPA for the quarter stood at 1.4%. Collection efficiency, 
including prepayments and repayments on gold loans, which is a regular 
feature in the business, was 480% in the quarter. In the business loan 
product, we have made significant strides in recovering bounces in the 
soft buckets. This has come from improved efforts on litigation, along 
with a new tech-enabled collection module that is now fully operational. 
Going forward, this will enable us to increase collection efficiency in later 
stage buckets as well. 
 
On distribution, this fiscal year we have adopted a moderate expansion 
strategy, focusing on increasing productivity and driving efficiency across 
our branch network. With over 85% of our branches situated in Tier 2, 
Tier 3 and Tier 4 locations, 66 branches were profitable in 1Q ‘25, with 
another three to four branches expected to turn profitable every quarter 
going forward. We have been emphasizing on improving per day gross 
disbursement in each branch to boost profitability, the results of which 
should be evident with each progressing quarter.  
Operating expenses for 1Q '25 were Rs. 242 million versus Rs. 258 million 
in the previous quarter and Rs. 188 million a year ago. As we have now 
reached an optimal branch count, Opex as a percentage of AUM for the 
gold loan branches has decreased to below 7.5%, down from over 8% in 
all of fiscal '24. We anticipate this percentage to decline further in 
coming quarters of fiscal '25 and '26. This is not just due to denominator 
effect but due to several other efficiency and productivity initiatives 
undertaken by the Company. 
 
On the balance sheet front, the Company had a net worth of Rs. 2.3 
billion at the end of June. In the last two quarters, the Company has 
announced warrant issuances of Rs. 880 million, of which Rs. 220 million 
has been received. Over the course of the next 15 months, we expect to 
receive the remaining Rs. 660 million, thus reaching a net worth of almost 
Rs. 3 billion. 
 
With that, we now open the call for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
Anyone who wishes to ask question may press “*” and “1” on their 

 
Page 4 of 18 
touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw yourself from the question 
queue, to may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking the question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment, while the question queue assembles.  
First question is from the line of Aditya Shah from Newton Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Shah: 
Good morning Sir, just a couple of questions. Sir, what kind of collateral 
and criteria is taken into consideration for MSME loans and gold loans? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you, Aditya. So, for the collateral and criteria for the MSME gold 
loans, it is predominantly the value of the collateral, which is brought 
into the branch, which is the purity of the gold along with weightage, 
etc. Along with that, we do assess what is the use of funds going to be. 
So, whether it's used for working capital requirements, other Capex 
requirements of their businesses. And for an unsecured business loan, we 
will take the entire business vintage, banking documents, along with 
other requirements, whether it goes into a GST program, ITR program, or 
any other program that we have for the unsecured business loan. 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay, and for the gold loans also same, sir? 
Rohan Juneja: 
For the gold loans it's same, but the predominant criteria also is the 
valuation of the collateral. So, there the valuation of the collateral plays 
as important if not any slightly more important part. But for the 
unsecured business loan, because there is no collateral, the criteria for 
the business documentation along with cash flows of the business, etc., 
are even more important. While it is an unsecured business loan, we do 
not give an unsecured business loan to anyone who does not own their 
piece of property. So, be it a dukan or a makan that they own, that is a 
key criteria also, which is part of the underwriting checklist for an 
unsecured business loan. 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay sir. And sir, looking at the new government taking initiatives to 
support MSMEs, do you benefit from them directly or indirectly? 
Rohan Juneja: 
To some extent, yes, but we do not take any of those initiatives into our 
underwriting criteria in terms of how we look at a borrower, etc. Those, 

 
Page 5 of 18 
we have not used any of the CGTMSE or any of those other criteria in 
terms of securing part of the loan book, etc. Because technically that is 
something that is there to secure the loan book, but that's more of a post 
facto exercise, not so much of an underwriting exercise. 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay sir. And this is my last question. Sir, to your co-lending list, have 
you added any new banks or is your current bank's entry into the share in 
your co-lending business? Can you shed some light on it? 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, at this point in time, our partners remain the same as they were in 
the previous quarter and the previous fiscal year. The only addition to 
the Lending-as-a-Service partners is the BC relationship that we have with 
SIDBI now for the unsecured business loan product. 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay, sorry, sir, if I can just ask one more question. I just wanted to know 
sir, compared to your peers, there are many peers in this segment, how 
does your company stand apart in this business? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, I think competition will always be prevalent in a market like India, in 
almost every geography, the difference is the variance of the 
competition. I would say the most important feature on how one could 
stand out, at least we try and make an effort to stand out in our customer 
service. It's a very easily used term but very hard to do. So, that is the 
most important criteria. And obviously there are certain other products, 
etc., the variances in the products in terms of how you assist the 
customer and make a difference from one financial service provider to 
the other. 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay sir. Thank you so much. I’ll back in the queue for my further 
questions. 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Good morning sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if I could request 
you to shed some light on L-a-a-S business, if you could just elaborate a 
little on that front? And whether we have added any new partners under 

 
Page 6 of 18 
L-a-a-S during this quarter? And what kind of revenue share are we looking 
at from this particular line? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, our Lending-as-a-Service business is something that we started in 
August 2021 when we had tied up with Central Bank of India as our first 
co-lending partner for the gold-backed product. Post that we have added 
several other partners which include HDFC Bank, DCB Bank, we have 
Shivalik Small Finance Bank as a BC partner, we have SIDBI now as a BC 
partner, which got added in the previous quarter. And we have two other 
NBFCs who we do Lending-as-a-Service with for the business loan product.  
 
This is a big focus for us, the reason being that as an NBFC, we will always 
be dependent on larger financiers for capital. And these larger financiers, 
majority of whom are banks, will always have a much larger quantum but 
much cheaper cost of capital relative to us. So, what we decided is we 
will build out a distribution franchise to continue to cater towards the 
under-served and under-banked borrowers, and hopefully they can 
leverage that customer or the ability for them to access that customer 
through us is an advantage for them, while we are able to access and 
leverage their capital where they provide 80% and we provide 20%. So, 
that's the way the relationship works and with each partner, the 
economics are different in an 80:20 relationship or in a BC relationship 
on how the economics are split between both the partners. But for the 
customer everything is one. So, the sourcing, servicing, collection 
customer is us, and the rate that is charged to the customer also is one. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay, understood sir, that’s helpful. Sir, any target of share of revenue 
that we are looking at from Lending-as-a-Service? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, Lending as a Service today comprises about 41% of our total AUM. I 
will not give a revenue target. But in terms of AUM, it will hover between 
35% to 45% over the long term, which is where it is, given there is also a 
certain amount of cyclicality associated with this business from time to 
time given macro and micro risks, etc. So, it will be safe to say that a 
range of between 35% to 45% of AUM is where we endeavor to have this 
co-lending book. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay 
understood, 
that's 
helpful. 
Sir, 
you 
mentioned 
banking 
correspondents with SIDBI, and I think another company, I missed out the 
name. So, if you could give some color on that aspect also, is it giving us 
more penetration into rural areas or how is it working out for us, banking 
correspondents? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, the banking correspondents is where we are doing the entire sourcing, 
servicing, collection efforts, while 100% of the loan is written for the 
financier who is providing the capital. So, it's giving them access to the 
customer base that we have access to, given our distribution franchise. 
So, our distribution network which is largely these branches and 
experiential centers are situated predominantly in Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 
locations. So, the BC relationship with these larger financiers gives them 
access to the customer base that we cater towards in these regions. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Understood, got it. Sir, if you could just touch upon the co-lending 
aspect, our debt is expected to be around similar levels as it is right now, 
since co-lending seems to have increased? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, co-lending has definitely increased due to which if you see the buildup 
of debt as well, it's been fairly slow and steady, given the fact that we 
need to cater towards increasing volume with these co-lending partners. 
So, we also need to provide for the 20% of capital with these co-lending 
partners, along with all the other business that we do without the co-
lending partners as well. Our endeavor is to run leverage between 2x to 
3.5x or 2x to at most 4x, is where the leverage will be, with more than 
65% of our AUM backed by gold loans. So, anywhere between 2x to 4x 
over the long term is the leverage that we endeavor to run at. And again, 
66% of our AUM today comprises of gold loans, with almost 80% of monthly 
disbursements happening in that product. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay, understood. And this, as you mentioned earlier, that no new 
partners have been added as of now, so these levels are expected to 
continue over the next maybe couple of quarters at least. Would that be 
correct, sir? 
Rohan Juneja: 
There was SIDBI that was added as a BC partner in the business loan 
product. Besides that, there was no addition to partners. 

 
Page 8 of 18 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay, alright. Firstly, congratulations on crossing Rs. 1,000 crores AUM. 
Do we have any, if I may ask, any milestone set for the coming year in 
terms of AUM as well as in terms of our branch network? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you for the kind words. I think the milestone in terms of AUM we 
do not have. You know AUM growth is a function of many things, which 
include not just the capital that we can organize, but also how fast we 
build out the distribution franchise further, the co-lending relationships 
that we have, etc., etc. So, I think our milestone is more in terms of 
profits than AUM. We are not a player who wants to grow AUM for the 
sake of growing AUM. The idea is to grow a profitable AUM which will be 
a lot more conducive for us and a lot more value added as opposed to 
just growing AUM without profits. So, that's one. 
 
Number two is, on the distribution franchise we have stabilized over here. 
Our goal was always to get to about 125 branches, which is where we are 
at. At the margin, we will add probably one to two more branches, if at 
all, on a quarterly basis in three geographies predominantly, which is 
Gujarat, Rajasthan, and Maharashtra. Other than that, the idea is to 
enhance productivity and efficiency from these branches, because we 
feel that we can extract at least 50% to 55% more productivity from the 
existing branches that we have. Once we reach that optimal target, then 
we will think about further branch expansion. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Alright, that’s helpful. Just one last question. If you could comment on 
fluctuation in gold prices, how it might affect us? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Fluctuation in gold prices will affect the amount that a borrower can 
borrow, obviously, given the LTV cap, which is at 75%. The way we look 
at gold prices is, we never usually take the previous day's spot price as 
an average for lending. We use the 30-day average spot price for lending. 
When gold prices go up in the manner in which they have gone up, that 
usually makes us a little nervous about wanting to lend more. The reason 
being that it also exposes you to a risk, god forbid there is a fluctuation 
in gold prices going downwards and that is a massive inconvenience for 
the borrower if they are in a mark-to-market or if there is a capital fall 
to the borrower. So, we usually tend to slow down to some extent when 
gold prices go up, the reason being that it can expose you to risk going 

 
Page 9 of 18 
forward. When gold prices go down, truth be told, we are a little more 
comfortable given the fact that we will be lending a lower amount at a 
same LTV or at a lower LTV. 
Rohan Mehta 
Understood. Alright sir, thank you. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Rohan Juneja 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanya Arora, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Tanya Arora: 
Sir, I have couple of questions. First I would like to ask, what will be our 
cost of funds going forward? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Our cost of funds are still hovering in the 13% range, which has been high. 
Recall, prior to the RBI raising rates by 250 basis points a few years ago, 
they were well below 12%. It was about 11.83% at that point in time. 
Given the fact that all the banks who have lent to us, raised the rates to 
us, but we could not pass it on to our borrower, just given the nature of 
the product that we cater towards these borrowers with, there was a 
margin compression. The good part was now year-over-year we have seen 
the net interest margin go up by about 60 basis points to 6.7%. So, our 
hope is that continues and we can over a period of time, go back towards 
a more sustainable 8% NIM that we strive for. 
Tanya Arora: 
Sir, when are you expecting any credit rating upgrade? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, that you will have to ask the credit rating agencies, to be very honest. 
So, our goal is to obviously try and push for a credit rating upgrade. But 
again, that is based on their assessment, etc., on various features, which 
include our net worth, the ability to bring in more capital, the 
profitability of the business, maintaining of the book. So, it is a work in 
process right now. But I mean, we cannot comment or we cannot 
guarantee that something like this will happen. It is something that we 
are working towards. 
Tanya Arora: 
Okay, sir and how are the disbursements, how will be our disbursements 
going forward, like what are our targets in terms of disbursements? 

 
Page 10 of 18 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, in terms of targets, we have not spelt out specifically what we plan 
to disburse in the current fiscal year. But as you would have seen in the 
presentation and in earnings, we disbursed Rs. 380 crores in the fiscal 
first quarter of the year. So, the run rate that we are running at is 
between Rs. 120 crores to Rs. 130 crores on average of monthly 
disbursements, and the endeavor is to continue running at that pace. And 
as and when we can take it higher, given several other things that we are 
seeing in the economy, given several things that we are seeing in the 
sector, etc., then we will do that. But again, that is more dynamic just 
given the nature of the business and what is happening in the economy, 
markets that we cater towards, markets that we are present in, etc. But 
I would say, it would be suffice it is to say that that run rate of about Rs. 
380 crores a quarter is something that you could assume that we will do 
going forward. 
Tanya Arora: 
Okay, and sir, my last question would be that what percentage of revenue 
are we targeting from L-a-a-S business? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, about 40% of our AUM comes from there, so close to about 51% to 52% 
of the revenue comes from the L-a-a-S business. I cannot tell you what it 
will be going forward because that also depends on how much business 
we continue to write with these partners. So, from quarter-to-quarter it 
could go up, from certain quarters to quarters it could go down as well, 
depending on their appetite. But suffice it is to say that the percentage 
of revenue will be greater than the percentage of AUM with these L-a-a-
S partners. 
Tanya Arora: 
Okay, thank you so much sir. 
Rohan Juneja 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Namit Shah, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Namit Shah: 
Hi, Good morning, am I audible?  
Rohan Juneja 
Yes, we can hear you. 

 
Page 11 of 18 
Namit Shah  
Okay. So, I just had a couple three odd questions on the numbers side for 
this quarter. Firstly, I would like to ask you like why has the number of 
amount of fees and commission income reduced despite our total income 
increasing? 
Rohan Juneja: 
The reason for that is because the BC relationship with Shivalik was on a 
slowdown mode, just given the fact that there is a requirement from the 
RBI that in a BC relationship with gold, the gold gets kept with the capital 
provider, which is Shivalik. So, for us, in a co-lending or a BC relationship, 
it's not possible for us to transport the gold or keep the gold with the 
partner. And we had to keep it. And there was a big slowdown in the BC 
relationship with Shivalik in the June quarter due to which the fee income 
went down. That entire BC income gets booked in fee income. 
Namit Shah: 
Okay, understood. So, is this trend expected to continue over the 
quarters? Or is it like a one-off for this time? 
Rohan Juneja: 
At least for now it's continuing. We cannot comment on what will happen 
going forward. I think that is something that the partner bank, Shivalik, 
will know better in terms of when that will change. But apparently, that 
is something that has been told by the regulator to banks who are in a BC 
relationship with other NBFCs for the co-lending product. 
Namit Shah: 
Okay, understood. Secondly, as we see a fall, a drop in the tax rates this 
time, any specific reason for that? 
Rohan Juneja: 
There was actually an increase in the tax rate, not a drop in the tax rate. 
There is something to do with deferred tax assets just given the fact that 
we have issued CCDs earlier and also a difference because of GST, etc. 
But there was actually an increase in the tax rate, not a drop. 
Namit Shah 
Oh yeah, sorry my bad. 
Moderator 
Hello, does that answer your questions? Mr. Namit. 
Namit Shah 
Yes, it did. That’s all from my end. Thank you. 
Rohan Juneja  
Thank you. 

 
Page 12 of 18 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rithvik Chavan, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
So, what are the gross NPAs in every segment that you are looking at? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Gross NPAs in the gold-backed business loan product are 12 basis points, 
0.12%. The gross NPAs in the business loan product are 3.7%. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
And what would be our disbursals segmental-wise, if you could help us 
with that? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Of the Rs. 380 crores, roughly 70% of the disbursements have happened 
in the gold backed product and 30% of the disbursements have happened 
in the business loan product. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
Okay. And what would be our average ticket size? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Average ticket size in gold loans is Rs. 1.2 lakhs. Average ticket size in 
the business loan product is also about Rs. 1.6 lakhs, which includes the 
other channel partners that we use from a sourcing standpoint. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
So, just to come back on the net interest margins, could you give some 
color on every segment for this? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sure. So, net interest margin for the gold loan product is close to about 
6%. And the net interest margin for the business loan product is higher at 
about 7.5%. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
Right. Just a couple of more questions. So, currently, how are we standing 
in terms of our capital adequacy ratio? 
Rohan Juneja: 
We are at about 24% on capital adequacy. And once the entire money for 
the warrant infusion comes in which is the balance Rs. 66 crores that we 
expect over the next 15 months, this number will inch up. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
Okay. And just one last question, what is the current percentage of bank 
contribution in terms of our co-lending? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Majority of them are banks that we have on co-lending. The only two 
NBFC partners that we have, are on the business loan product, but the 

 
Page 13 of 18 
volume of those are much smaller than it is for the banks, which is on the 
gold loan product. And the other partner that we have added is SIDBI, 
which is very small right now, that's predominantly for the business loan 
product. So, volume of banks is closer to about 85%, and non-banks are 
the balance of 15%. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
Fair enough. I’ll just come back in the queue. 
Rohan Juneja 
No problem. Thank you. 
Rithvik Chavan: 
Thanks.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshal Patil. Please go ahead. 
Hello, Mr. Harshal Patil, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead 
with your question. 
Harshal Patil: 
Sir, I have two questions regarding, so have there been any new partners 
added to the Lending-as-a-Services platform this quarter? 
Rohan Juneja: 
The only partner that we added in the previous quarter was SIDBI for a 
BC relationship, business correspondent relationship, in the business loan 
product. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay. So, last year the company surpassed Rs. 1,000 crores in asset under 
management. What is the AUM target for this year? 
Rohan Juneja: 
We have not given out a target. Again, the way we run the business is not 
specifically for AUM, it's to reach a specific target on profit. So, we have 
not given an AUM target. I think the way you can extrapolate it is, we did 
about Rs. 380 crores of disbursement in the quarter, and the AUM 
accretion was about Rs. 110 crores. So, you can probably work the math 
and extrapolate as to where you could be at year end. That's also a 
function of market dynamics, how the industry is operating, competition, 
etc. But in terms of disbursement target, you can assume that we would 
probably grow at the same pace for the foreseeable future. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay. And what was the average daily disbursement for this quarter? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Average daily disbursement? 

 
Page 14 of 18 
Harshal Patil: 
Yes. 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, the daily disbursement on a gross basis was closer to between Rs. 4.5 
crores to Rs. 5 crores. Gross basis, because a lot of repayments have 
happened as well on the gold loan for us, especially on a daily basis. So, 
gross basis was about Rs. 4.5 crores to Rs. 5 crores per day. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay. Sir, the strategy we are implementing to maintain a steady net 
interest margin in the range of 7.5% to 8% this year? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Correct. And we are at 6.7% right now. So, as I mentioned in my comments 
a few minutes ago, the goal is to get back to up to an 8% net interest 
margin, which will happen over a period of time. It's not going to happen 
over one or two quarters. It takes time for us to get there, which will be 
a function of two things. One is obviously, hopefully trying to reduce 
funding costs, which has not happened as yet. So, if that were to happen, 
then that will give a big fillip to the net interest margin. And the second 
one is, the yield which has gone up, and yields have gone up because we 
are writing more business with the Lending as a Service partners, and we 
have been very specific in sectors that we lend to where we get better 
pricing power. 
Harshal Patil: 
What is our target for the percentage of co-lending in overall portfolio? 
Rohan Juneja: 
It's 41%. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay. And can you share the outlook for the FY '25, just an overall outlook 
of your revenue, PAT and EBITDA margin, something likes that? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, we have not given any target on those parameters. Suffice it to say 
that when we give it, we will give it to investors at large, but so far we 
have not shared any guidance on all those numbers. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay, Thank you. 
Rohan Juneja 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Jain. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
Yash Jain: 
Hi Sir, I had a couple of questions. My first question is, sir, what would 
be the average household income of our borrowers? And how many of 
them are new to credit? 
Rohan Juneja: 
The average household income is between Rs. 3 lakhs to Rs. 4 lakhs, 
again, that's the average. And the new to credit customer base is about 
32%. 
Yash Jain: 
And sir, what due diligence do we do to know whether our customer, like 
our borrower, does not have an existing loan? Like is there any proprietary 
checklist or underwriting policies? 
Rohan Juneja: 
There is an enhanced and an elaborate checklist on what are the 
documents we require from the borrowers. A lot of our customers, like I 
mentioned only about 32% are new to credit, so a lot of our customers 
have existing loans. And that is a good thing because you want to see if 
the customer has actually repaid prior loans or not in the past, or whether 
the existing payback from the borrower to any other lender is consistent, 
not consistent, etc. So, I do not think it's fair to say that all our customers 
are new to credit and none of our customers have another loan, that 
would actually not be a very comfortable thing for us. 
Yash Jain: 
Okay, and sir, what would be the breakup between old versus new 
customer in our matured branches? 
Rohan Juneja: 
In the matured branches also, that ratio would be about 65:35. 
Yash Jain: 
So, now coming to branches, sir. Do we plan to like foray into the South? 
Because if we see, most of our branches are, like, in the North side? Are 
we entering the South of India? Do we intend to? 
Rohan Juneja: 
I do not think it's fair to say that most of our branches are in the North. 
We have some branches in the North, but the majority of our branches in 
our West and Central India, more on the Western side with Maharashtra, 
Gujarat and Rajasthan, which comprises more than half our branch count 
in total between these three states. We have no plans to go down South. 
Whatever incremental branches we put on also at the margin will be 
largely between Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan. 

 
Page 16 of 18 
Yash Jain: 
And sir, how many years would it be for a branch to breakeven? Like, 
after opening a new branch, how many years does it take for it to 
breakeven? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. We have lost the management line. Please hold 
while we reconnect them back, okay? Ladies and gentlemen, we have 
reconnected with the management line. Mr. Yash, please go ahead with 
your question. 
Yash Jain: 
So, Hi sir, my question was, how many years does it take for us, after we 
open a new branch, to breakeven? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Usually 10 to 14 months is the breakeven period for the branch, 
depending on the geography. So, we have had branches in a particular 
state which have broken even in as little as six to seven months. And 
there have been some branches in a particular geography, because the 
churn on the AUM is very high, where it takes longer to breakeven. But 
the average is 10 to 14 months. 
Yash Jain: 
And sir, is there any cap to an AUM where we split a branch in the same 
region? 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, there is no cap in the AUM. But obviously, we do not want one region 
to be a significant proportion of the AUM because that exposes you to a 
lot of geography risk. So, at this point in time, almost every state is below 
30% at most, there's really one state which is close to that number, which 
is the state of Maharashtra. The rest of them are well below 16%-17%. 
Yash Jain: 
Okay right, and sir, did we notice any stress, early signs of stress because 
of elections started? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Nothing abnormal or nothing different than we have seen in the book so 
far. Everything has been business as usual. Also, recall that if at all, what 
you are alluding to, if at all someone sees it, hopefully that is only cyclical 
in nature or temporary in nature. But again, we are fairly small. We have 
not seen any anything to this effect yet in terms of geography or pockets 
or stress related to an election event. 
Yash Jain: 
Fair enough Sir, my last question, any ROA, ROE guidance? 

 
Page 17 of 18 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, long term we do have ROA and ROE guidance. So, ROA, obviously, we 
endeavor to strive to above 3% ROA over a period of time, if not more 
than that. ROE will entirely be a function of leverage. Like I mentioned, 
we aim to run between 2x to 4x leverage. As we evolve over a period of 
time, maybe that number changes. But obviously the goal is to generate 
a 3+ percentage ROA and get to a 15% ROE. 
Yash Jain: 
And sir, do we have any intent to, like, do an equity raise? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Equity is the raw material in our business, sir. That is constantly an 
endeavor to continue to equitize the business and get the net worth of 
the Company higher. Not just does it help us from a business standpoint, 
but hopefully from the way the rating agencies, lenders, co-lending 
partners, etc. look at you. So, that is something that we work on. That is 
a work in progress at various points in time. I cannot give you any color 
in terms of the timing of when it happens, etc., but that is the raw 
material of our business. 
Yash Jain 
Fair enough, that’s all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Hi Sir, just one follow-up question. If you could elaborate a little on this 
green energy finance that we are doing for three wheelers? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So, it's a product that we started as an extension of our business loan 
product in January of this year. The idea is besides the unsecured 
business loan product to also have a secured business loan product. And 
this is a product in a geography that we have been present in for the last 
four years now. So, we have tied up with an OEM, and through that OEM 
we have tied up with dealers through which this product has originated. 
The pilot so far has been fairly successful. We have a book of about Rs. 
11.5 crores. And at this point in time, there are no gross NPAs on the 
book. It's only been about seven months. But so far the product has 
performed fairly well. And the tie-up that we have with the OEM as well 
is something that we are fairly happy about.  
Rohan Mehta 
Alright, okay sir. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
Rohan Juneja 
The average ticket size of this book is about Rs. 1.6 lakhsand the tenure 
of these loans are usually between 18 to 24 months. 
Rohan Mehta 
Okay Sir, Got it. Thank you. 
Rohan Juneja  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would like to hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you, Steve. Thank you to everyone for joining the calland we look 
forward to talking to everyone at the end of the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of TruCap Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining usand you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
