 
 
 
 
Date: 30th July, 2024 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter ended on 
30th June, 2024 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Wednesday, 24th July, 2024 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2024. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Vice President (Legal), Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
AJAY PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
AJAY PRATAP SINGH 
Date: 2024.07.30 
09:45:41 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 24, 2024 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Good Afternoon, Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you and welcome to the 
Sona Comstar’s Q1 FY25 earnings group conference call. Please note that 
all participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q1 FY25 results, we have the 
management team of Sona Comstar. We have Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD 
& Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; and along with him Mr. 
Praveen Chakrapani Rao, who is the CTO designate, Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, 
CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline Business; Mr. Rohit 
Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head - Investor Relations; and Mr. Pratik 
Sachan, GM - Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Before I hand over 
the call to Vivek, I wish you a very happy birthday. And now I will pass this on 
to you for the opening remarks and also the presentation. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, thank you Kapil for the birthday wishes. Yeah, I turned 45 today. When I 
joined Sona, I was 35 years old, knew almost nothing about anything and 
now in my 10th year at Sona, I'm still learning, still trying to get better at doing 
my job. So, with that being said, let me move on to doing my job and 
welcome all of you to the earnings call of what has once again been our 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
highest ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, BEV revenue, and BEV revenue 
share. But we'll begin as we always do with the challenges. 
First, the off-highway market has been weak and this time, I want to highlight 
the US off-highway market which has actually been struggling for the last, I’ll 
say 8-9 quarters, straight. Production declined further last quarter and given 
our high market share in this space, this has affected the sales of our 
differential gears as well as differential assemblies, to this segment.  
Second, the Indian EV two-wheeler industry continues to face issues related 
to FAME subsidy and the subsequent fallout on demand. Quite frankly in our 
entire EV portfolio, the EV two-wheeler market remains the most 
disappointing one from a gap in projections and actual sales. On the cost 
side, the Red Sea crisis continues, which means that there is a further increase 
in freight rates as well as there are challenges on container availability, so this 
remains a continuing and ongoing challenge. But as usual, the good news 
outweighs the bad in a lot of ways.  
In financial terms, we achieved the highest ever revenue and EBITDA. BEV 
revenue has continued, as I said repeatedly over the last four quarters, that 
this is our growth driver, and we grew BEV revenue by a staggering 53% last 
quarter year on year and its share in revenue has increased to the highest 
level at 33%. We've also begun FY25 with the meaningful new wins in the 
electric vehicle segment which we'll talk about later. We won our first order 
for an in-cabin sensing product, ACAM, which gives us the confidence that 
we are moving with agility on a long-term strategy of pivoting NOVELIC from 
an engineering services led business to a product and semiconductor chip 
design. This was the hypothesis with which we made this acquisition, and we 
are very proud that in such little time we've been able to achieve that 
hypothesis. We've additionally made substantial progress on our technology 
roadmap by winning customer orders for two new products. And we've also 
added a further two new products to our development road map. And Mr. 
Deshmukh would cover that in a later slide. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Slide 5: 
Coming to the numbers, on a YoY basis, our revenue grew by 22% while 
EBITDA and net profit increased by 23% and 27% respectively. Our margins 
have improved due to operating leverage, that's the core reason for the 
growth being higher than revenue growth. Once again, I would highlight that 
BEV revenue grew by 53% and the BEV revenue share has reached 33%.  
Slide 8: 
On our biggest strategic priority, electrification, our BEV revenue share has 
increased from 26% to 33% and BEV revenue in rupee terms has grown to over 
₹2.8 billion. For us, the growth in BEV revenue has been five times the growth 
in non-BEV revenue and that should give a clear indication of where we are 
deriving this much higher than industry growth from. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
We continue to build on our EV order book. At the end of Q1, we have 27 EV 
programs in production, 12 of which are mature and completely ramped up 
and 15 are in various stages of ramping up. The remaining 28 programs are 
of course not yet in production and will start during this or the following years 
to come. We will elaborate on the new wins in the next slide.  
Slide 9: 
So, the first one is a Driveline program. This is for a class-5 electric truck for an 
existing North American customer. The customer is a new age OEM of 
commercial vehicles. Earlier if you recall, we had won the order to supply 
differential assemblies to this customer. And now and thanks to Vikram and 
his team's persistent efforts and having proven their skills, we have been 
awarded three more products within the same vehicle; the intermediate 
gears, the input shafts and a new product for us as a company - park gear. 
This has increased our content value on this truck substantially and increased 
the order value by 170% or ₹6.8 billion.  
The second one, although smaller, but one that gives us great pride. This is 
our very first product order in the sensors and software business. The order win 
is to supply ACAM or in-cabin sensors for electric passenger vehicles. It has 
come from a new customer, an Asia based new age OEM of electric 
passenger vehicles. As highlighted in the last quarter, I think I mentioned and 
spoke about it that we are pivoting NOVELIC from an engineering services 
led business to a product business. And this, this is quite special. We have long 
prided ourselves as being a company that can make an acquisition and 
make that company, whichever we acquire, much bigger, better, newer, 
more innovative than it used to be. Our ability to provide the freedom to 
innovate, our ability to provide the right capital and the right oversight, is 
something we take great pride on, and this proves that our NOVELIC 
acquisition hypothesis was correct. It gives us confidence that we are on the 
right strategic path and moving with great momentum. 
Slide 10: 
This slide is a good visual summary of the reach and diversity of our 
electrification mission. This quarter, we've added one new customer and one 
new program in Asia. And as you can see, I mean, this literally spans the whole 
world. Our EV exposure is truly diversified across customers, programs, 
products, and geographies. And this is the reason that despite some 
customers not doing well, our revenue growth from BEV was 53%. 
 
Slide 12:  
Coming to the next priority and our order book; so, our net order book, we 
have added ₹11 billion worth of new orders last quarter and at the end of 
Q1FY25, our net order book has expanded to ₹233 billion.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
The EV portion remains high at 79% of the order book, kind of indicating what 
our future would look like. 
Slide 14: 
On our fourth and a very important KRA for us, diversification, the trend of 
increasing electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues 
unabated. And this quarter we have seen for the first time, the ICE dependent 
revenue shrink to single digits to merely 9%.  
The demand slowdown in Europe has meant that the revenue share from 
hybrid and micro hybrid has been lower than in the previous year. And 
because I invariably get asked this, I thought we'll preempt it; the question 
about BEV and hybrid. So here's a reminder that while 33% of our revenue 
comes from BEV; 21% is from hybrids and 37% from products that are power 
source agnostic. So, from a commercial and purely commercial perspective 
today, our content value is highest actually in plug-in hybrids, followed by 
battery electric vehicles, followed by hybrids, followed by ICE because we 
sell our high torque differential assemblies and starter motors both to plug in 
hybrids. We also have the opportunity for hybrids to offer traction motor 
solutions for that vehicle.  
However, when, I answer questions from the analyst community, and I talk 
about the future powertrain technology, I try to do it candidly and honestly 
as an engineer and as a student of the automotive. It isn't that when I answer, 
I only think of what is good for Sona Comstar, I think of what is the right answer 
and what is the truth that I want to share. So, here's our take on this, that 
hybrid solutions in most industries do not last too long. They are bridges to one 
or the other technology and this is because having two separate power trains 
and developing two separate engineering systems and trying to optimize for 
them both is by definition - inefficient. And over time, I think people will see 
that. There are lessons from many other industries like hybrid of digital and film 
cameras that Kodak launched; hybrid of tablets and e-readers; TV, and 
personal computers hybrid; hybrid of analog and smart watches and many 
many more examples where hybrid products were introduced but faded 
over time. And this is why we believe that BEV will be the absolute future in 
2035 and beyond.  
Although again, if I'm just putting on my Sona Comstar hat, if the industry shifts 
entirely to plug in hybrids, we will not complain from a purely financial 
perspective because like I said, that's where we make the most money. 
 
Slide 15: 
Moving on to the other revenue cuts, geographically North America remains 
our largest end market, contributing 43% of our revenue while India remains 
the second largest market with a revenue share of 28%. After a very strong, I 
would say, recovery last year, we are once again seeing a slowdown in 
demand in Europe. This quarter our fastest growing segments have been EV 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
differential assemblies and EV traction motors and this, as you can see is 
reflected in the changes in the product mix. The continued weakness in off-
highway demand in the US and India means that non-automotive revenue 
has declined to just 9%.  
That's all from me and with this, I turn over to our Group CTO Mr. Deshmukh to 
update us on the technology roadmap. Over to you sir.  
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, everyone.  
 
Slide 17:  
We share our technology road map during every investor call and most of 
you are now familiar with how we depict our approach to technology 
development. We keep bringing new future products in this chart and mark 
them when they are commercialized. So, this quarter, I'm excited to share 
significant developments in our product portfolio that underscore our 
commitment to innovation and leadership in the EV market.  
In this quarter, we successfully commercialized two groundbreaking 
products; the first is the park gear for a class 5 electric commercial vehicle, a 
product that stands out for its unique safety and reliability features. This 
product has been developed in collaboration with the new age, North 
American OEM, specializing in electric commercial vehicles. Our park gear is 
designed to enhance the safety and reliability of commercial EVs, meeting 
stringent industry standards and addressing the specific needs of this 
burgeoning market. 
The second product we brought to market is the in-cabin sensor for child 
presence detection, known as ACAM. This innovative solution is tailored for 
an electric passenger vehicle from an Asian new age OEM. The ACAM sensor 
is a critical safety feature designed to detect the presence of a child in the 
vehicle, preventing tragic accidents and ensuring peace of mind for car 
owners. Utilizing advanced radar technology, this system offers precise and 
reliable detection even under challenging conditions such as when a child is 
asleep, covered by a blanket or is in the seat well. This product aligns with our 
vision of integrating advanced safety features into modern electric vehicles.  
Looking ahead, we have added two promising products to our technology 
roadmap. The first is an integrated motor controller for hub motors. This 
integrated motor controller will offer superior performance and efficiency. As 
the demand for efficient and compact motor solutions grows. Combining the 
controller and motor into one unit can reduce weight, minimize wiring 
complexity and enhance overall system reliability. This may exist ideal for 
various EV applications, particularly in compact and lightweight electric 
vehicles.  
The second future product is an integrated motor controller for high voltage 
systems. This product is designed to meet high voltage electric vehicles, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
increasing power and performance demands, providing enhanced control 
and efficiency; integrated controllers for high voltage systems streamline the 
powertrain architecture leading to improve thermal management and 
reduce energy losses which translates to better vehicle range and 
performance.  
These additions to our technology roadmap reflect our strategic focus on 
expanding our product portfolio and driving innovation in electric, 
personalized, intelligent and connected vehicles. We are confident that 
these developments will strengthen our market position and deliver 
substantial value to our customers and stakeholders.  
Thank you for your attention and I now hand it over to Rohit to cover the 
financial update. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to 
share our first quarter results for the financial year 2025. 
 
Slide 19:  
Our revenue for the first quarter was ₹893 crores. It has grown by 22% year on 
year, while the underlying light vehicle market in our three largest markets of 
North America, India, and Europe grew only by 3%. Our BEV revenue has 
grown by 53% to ₹283 crores, and it is now constituting 33% of our total 
revenue. Our reported EBITDA, grew by 23% year on year, while EBITDA 
adjusted for ease of cost grew by 27% to ₹259 crores; adjusted EBITDA margin 
expanded by around 1.2% over the same quarter last year due to operating 
leverage and lower input costs. Our profit after tax adjusted for ESOP cost 
grew by 29% to ₹148 crores, primarily due to higher operating profits. 
Slide 20:  
This brings us to the final slide on our key ratios. There are not many big 
changes here from March, our value addition to employee cost, the return 
on capital employed and return on equity ratios continue to remain strong. 
There is some improvement on the working capital turnover ratio, which has 
improved to 5.1 times and fixed asset turnover ratio which has improved to 
3.8 times.  
With this, we have come to the end of our first quarter's earnings presentation, 
and I'll now hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, now we are at the Q&A portion of the 
presentation. A gentle reminder, if you have any questions, you can use the 
raise hand function. We will unmute your line or submit the question in the 
Q&A chat box. 
Kapil Singh:  
Hi Vivek, by the time the question queue is building, there is a development 
of where the company has taken approval for fundraise. So, I would request 
you to also articulate what are the reasons for the same? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. Yes, so first thing, it's an enabling resolution. It allows us to raise up to 
₹2400 crores. So, I first wanted to put that out. Why, obviously it is fairly well 
known that for our usual organic expansion, we don't really need much 
external capital. So, this is because we are evaluating a few potential 
acquisitions as well as some strategic opportunities like JV’s collaboration, et 
cetera. And I mean, we've been working on many of these opportunities for, 
I would say the past 6-7 months. And if most of these transactions and 
opportunities were to fructify, we would definitely need external capital. 
Given this scenario, we presented this, and the board has reviewed and 
approved the proposal to raise funds. I think the board has also constituted 
a board committee for this purpose. And like I said before, this approval is an 
enabling one which allows us to determine the equity and or any other 
permissible, I would say equity convertible, securities/instruments to fund 
these transactions when necessary. We cannot, frankly at this point, share 
any more details because as you would know, any of these transactions 
would have, you know, a fairly high degree of confidentiality attached to it. 
I just want to assure everyone that we will stay absolutely true to our vision as 
we have for all our lives and for three years, at least the public markets have 
seen us and whatever our targets are, they would be within the mobility 
space, and they would be in and around our theme of EPIC mobility. 
Kapil Singh:  
So, Vivek, can I also ask that since you are evaluating these opportunities, 
what will be the principle based on which these acquisitions will be done? So, 
for example, are you looking at, these would be more smaller tech kind of 
companies, or these are companies which are more like turnaround 
candidates? So just, you know, some thoughts on when you look at 
acquisition candidates, what is it that fits in your framework? What is the 
framework if you could just help us understand that. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  We've done two acquisitions in the last decade; one is Comstar, and one is 
NOVELIC, that's pretty much it. In both cases, it was a buy versus build. We 
look at if we were to do it organically, most times, we are almost trying to do 
that thing and we either realize that this is way beyond our current set of 
capabilities or it would take far too long and hence, it is much better to buy. 
We try to build as much as possible, but we buy in these cases. We are not 
turnaround people. We are humble enough to know that if someone's been 
running the business for decades, we are not some geniuses who would 
come and figure out how to run it better than them, we do not have the 
hubris to think of us like that. Most likely because we come in, we end up 
putting a lot more compliances, a lot more structure. We would tend to 
decrease margins initially and reposition for the long term. What we have 
been able to do both in Comstar and NOVELIC. And I think that would be the 
attempt with anything we acquire, that make it greater or better or faster 
than what it used to be. We can, Comstar is a great company but a great 
starter motor company, which we have been able to pivot into a far more 
future looking traction motor, suspension motor, inverter, controller, a lot more 
technology focused. Technology is the axis on which we tend to play. And 
that's, that's what we bring to the table I feel that we can get them access 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
to the right capital, deploy capital well, we can get the focus back on 
technology we can take focus of that management team away from short 
term things, meeting targets. Because a lot of time top management gets 
bound by myopic KPI meeting objectives - this quarter, this year, what not, 
what do you need to do to bonus? Can you free them and give them 
enough capital and say the risk of failure, also, we will take. If you fail, it is our 
failure. If you succeed, it is your credit and then give them that kind of capital 
and freedom to fail. Give them the R&D budget, that's what we are good at 
and that's what we will continue to be good at. I don't think we can change 
so quickly. I mean, like I said, this is my 10th year, Mr. Deshmukh’s fourth or fifth 
decade, Vikram's third or fourth decade. We've been here for a while. We 
have developed a culture. We have developed our value system. I don't 
think we can deviate from those things. So yeah, that's, I don't know if I 
answered it, but it is a very philosophical question. And unless we talk about 
each acquisition opportunity, it would be hard to give a specific general one. 
All of them will have something unique about it. And yeah, so small and big 
is not how we look at it traditionally. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, thank you. That's helpful. Yeah, Deanna, I think we have the queue now. 
So please go ahead. 
Moderator:  
Ok, thank you. The first question goes to Aditya, your line is unmuted, please 
go ahead with your two questions. 
Aditya Jhawar:  
Thanks! Hi Vivek, can you hear me now? Thank you for the opportunity and 
congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on PLI. So have 
we started accruing the PLI benefits? And since now we have a couple of 
products where we have certified, you know, certified for PLI and, what it 
appears that our customers are also, you know, certified for their end 
product. So I just wanted to understand what is the thought process here, 
that what quantum a supplier can claim and what quantum the customer 
can claim the PLI benefit. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. So I'll let Rohit answer that. He knows far more than I do. In general, he 
knows far more than I do. But this subject he knows much, much more than I 
do. But we, we are a conservative company. We will not recognize revenue 
till it has come to us. We have made that clear, I think many times, that unless 
we receive the money, we have no idea what the quantum will be. We have 
been approved for four products already. The remaining products that are in 
the queue are also progressing. We will see when that happens. I don't think 
anybody is going to receive money this year, this financial year. So, it is next 
year that this question of revenue recognition and how will come up. But 
Rohit can elaborate. 
Rohit Nanda:  
I think you have broadly answered the question. So yeah, so we're not 
recognizing it as of now. And the intention is that we recognize it from next 
year and the revenue certainty is there. So there are two parts to the revenue 
certainty. One is there are thresholds to be met in terms of capital 
investments, etc. And second is what's the quantum of benefit that we will 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
end up getting because that is the subject matter of the total claims under 
the policy. So it would be prudent to start recognizing it from the next financial 
year only. 
Aditya Jhawar:  
That's helpful. Second question is on NOVELIC, congratulations on the order 
win, the first order win in NOVELIC. So looking ahead in the next 2 to 3 years, 
so clearly, you will see a lot of OEM in India, you know, launch the product 
which you know would have a requirement of radar based sensor. So, in your 
discussions with OEM, are you sensing that you are at an advanced stage 
and you know, certain discussions and OEMs are comfortable, you know, with 
our product proposition. And in case you know, you can give a number that 
you know from a percentage of revenue contribution. How do you think that 
will shape up in the next 3 to 4 years? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, I'll take the second part first. Yeah, no numbers. You know, when I said 
that when we come in and acquire the company, this is the freedom we give 
them. The freedom from pressure of short-term targets and numbers. If you 
take that pressure off, you can do things in a much better way and do what 
you really intend to. I would say the first set of customers are likely to be more 
in Europe and US, India will be a little later. We want to do this, I mean, India; 
one, there is a high degree of cost sensitivity. Second, the more advanced 
use cases, let's say any technology like radar sensor may have seven or eight 
use cases that can be deployed. European or more high-end car makers 
would like you to do all of those 7-8 while someone who wants to pay less 
and is more cost conscious would only want two or three use cases. So, you 
don't learn how to deploy all of them, and you want to learn the full range of 
your capabilities of your product. So, we are going to focus on Europe, Asia 
and the US before India, outside India. But no short-term targets, Aditya, 
because I think the potential, I think Jinesh had asked last to last time and I 
said it's so huge that each contract, even this one that you win is multiple 
times the annual revenue. One, every single one is like that; in these scenarios, 
instead of trying to be greedy or trying to figure out how much more, it is more 
important to make the product better and do as many things as possible. So, 
we'll continue on that path. But it is, it is very exciting. I mean, every 
opportunity that we're talking about is fairly large compared to what the 
business is, the size of the business. 
Aditya Jhawar:  
Yeah, perfect. Final question, you know, your commentary on Europe was 
slightly subdued and we're also hearing that there is some production 
disruption in OEMs because of excess rains and floods. So, are you seeing that 
OEMs looking for, you know, production cut? You know, as we progress in this 
coming quarter. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I think we've maintained this for the entire period that we have been listed 
that we would like to give bad news first; bad news, take the elevator and 
Europe, we've been flagging it for a while. Yeah, it's again slowing down so 
that you are right. There are many things but the ones you talked about are 
more micro. I think it is in general, if it achieved a flat, it would be a good 
outcome. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
Aditya Jhawar:  
Ok. Yeah, that's it from my side. All the best. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Aditya. 
Moderator:  
Thanks, Aditya. The next question goes to Jinesh Gandhi. Hi, your line is 
unmute. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Hi, am I audible? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah Jinesh, long life, I just mentioned you in the last comment. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Yeah. Thanks. Hi Vivek, so a couple of questions, one is on the acquisition side 
and otherwise also, how do we think about the non-automotive space in 
terms of the opportunity and what we can do there? What are your thoughts 
on that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  As long as it's within mobility, and I have, when we changed our definition 
and our vision to mobility, I had explained mobility, but I'll do it again. Any 
device that moves passengers or goods from point A to point B for us is 
mobility. So, if it's a bicycle, it's a drone, it's a train, it's a bus, it's a tractor, car, 
two-wheeler, all of them are in mobility. We will not go outside our vision. Our 
vision says mobility technology, so we will remain within mobility. So yeah, as 
long as that, I mean that fits into non-automotive, actually, automotive also 
people define slightly differently. A lot of analysts think automotive is only 
passenger car, even an off highway vehicle like a tractor or an ATV will not 
be considered. So that's why we said mobility, that's the definition. That's the 
scope. We won't just pitch up and start making, you know, like smartphone 
parts or start an NBFC or something. So that's not going to happen. I mean, 
we're not random people, we are engineers, we are good at manufacturing. 
Our vision is fairly defined. It will be within moving. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Ok. I mean, what I was trying to understand is railways, obviously you 
mentioned it will be but something on defense, on that side probably may 
not be a part of it. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No. Defense, no, not, not at all. I mean, that's a slightly ethical thing also. We 
do not want to make things, whose explicit purpose is to harm human beings. 
So, defense is kind of out, especially making weapons, that's not what we 
were put on the planet for. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Right. Right. And the second question again on the PLI side. So, while 
obviously we will only account for it when we get the cash. But based on our 
current revenues, say Q1 revenues, what percentage of revenues would be 
eligible because some of the revenue is going to OEMs who also have PLI 
incentives, we won’t be eligible for that. So, would it be possible to say what 
percentage of revenues will be eligible for PLI today. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  What is this about if it’s going to customer, we will not be eligible or whatever. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
In the sense that a customer claiming PLI, so for example, say, someone like 
TVS who also is a PLI beneficiary and if your motors are used there, then you 
can't claim, if they claim, if they don't claim, then you can claim on that. So 
that's what the PLI document talks about. So that's and hence that question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Here, I don't think it works exactly like that. If you're not making something, 
you can't claim PLI for it. Anyway Rohit, you can answer as to the percentage. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Sure, so as of now the products that are approved are all in the two-wheeler, 
three-wheeler EV motor side. So, for now, that's the revenue that you should 
track on which the eligibility is there. So, there are still like a couple of more 
products to be approved in that segment. But largely as of now that's where 
the approval is and so that's the revenue on which will be eligible. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Ok. And the large chunk will come from the differential assemblies which we 
export because that's also sensible, a bigger proportion of revenue today. Is 
that a fair statement? 
Rohit Nanda:  
Whatever is approved is also sizable. And right now, I'm not talking about the 
products where we don't have the approval so far. So, the question is, I mean, 
I'm just trying to answer as it stands today. That's, that's a position as of today. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Perfect. I got it. Great. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. We move on to the next participant Gunjan Prithyani. 
Your line is unmute. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Just two questions from my side. 
I'm just trying to get a better handle on how to think about growth, particularly 
from the comments that you made on the, on India, as well as Europe. That 
Europe is seeing some softness. India, also from a tractor and CV perspective, 
there is not much growth right now. So how should you know, if you can give 
a little bit of color, either geography wise or product wise, how to think about 
growth? And I'm not looking quarter to quarter more from the next 12-18 
months perspective. And you know, in just an extension to that on your order 
book, are we seeing any delays in the programs? Just because either the 
demand has been softer than what people were anticipating at the 
beginning of the year or because of, you know, some push out of EV 
programs that we continue to read in the press. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah. So always be careful to apply your own wisdom to what you read in 
the press in general I would say that's true for almost everything you read. But 
let's start from the top, which is how to think about growth. If we were 
dependent only on underlying industry growth, we would have grown about 
20% in the last three years. We have grown more than 100%, right? As I think 
we mentioned quite a few times, we grow because we add new programs, 
we add new customers, we add new products. It is not going to be aligned 
with the underlying industry. Every quarter, I start with the challenges, right? 
Every quarter, I say at least two or three segments which are not growing. I 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
mean by that logic, we should have been negative growth for the last 10 
quarters, but we are not right because that is not how it works. Industry growth 
is something if it happens, it adds to whatever percentage you grow by. But 
if you keep adding new products, if you keep adding new customers within 
existing customers, if you keep increasing your share of wallet, you can 
continue to grow. I mean, automotive in 2019 was a 96 or 2018 was it 96 to 97 
million vehicles were sold, 2018. We have not even crossed 90 after that in 
five years. Even in that scenario, if I look at our five-year growth we are like 
three times. So yes, it's a great perspective to have if you're tracking the 
industry. But if you're looking at individual companies, their growth will not be 
lockstep with those things. As far as I remember in the last three years, Europe 
passenger vehicle has been soft, in growth, off highway has been soft barring 
one year, which was, I think FY21 off highway has been soft. Commercial 
vehicles have not gone back to 2018 level. So again, I don't think there is a 
direct correlation and EV growth rate. I know last quarter also Gunjan, you 
asked me, oh, EV has slowed down last to last quarter, also you asked me last 
to last to last quarter asked me.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
No Vivek, I'm not getting to EV slow down. My question was actually on order 
book conversion. Honestly, I mean, I understand the business drivers well that 
you all have been delivering on content value, you all have been delivering 
on market share. So absolutely no question around that. What I was just trying 
to understand is there a delay in the order book conversion is all, is the simple 
thing that I'm trying to get a handle at. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Well, that was the second part. Second part is order book conversion which 
also, I answered two quarters back. Not really, we're not seeing any program 
delays to be honest, in the launches, the, there aren't that many happening 
around this time anywhere, which is the truth. But the reason we have grown 
53% over last year is because some happened. So no, we're not seeing much 
delays, what we try and do each quarter, we let our numbers give the 
answers. And if something is growing by 53% then we are seeing, we are not 
seeing a slowdown. I mean, you should give the benefit of the doubt to the 
actual numbers rather than, what is read in the press. Also, I think we have a 
lot of local bias that if you read press in India, it will automatically talk more 
about India Automotive. India's automobile as the percentage of world EV is 
so small as to not matter, but we read a lot about it and hence our 
perceptions form, and they take far more weight than they should. And I think 
that that could be the root cause of that, I would say the difference. We are 
seeing some launch delays. As I mentioned in my opening comment, in the 
EV two-wheelers space, which as I said has been fairly disappointing for the 
last two years. It is one of those sectors that has never truly taken off. And now 
and this is one of the things I've been thinking about a lot, at this price point, 
I mean, most of them have come very close to ICE, two-wheeler price point, 
even at this price point if we are not seeing that much demand, I think it's a 
demand issue and which means for us, we need to focus far more on three-
wheeler electric, light commercial vehicles, electric buses, other electric 
vehicles for, at least for India. Outside India, I think it's fairly business as usual. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, got it. My second question is on the two new products that, you know, 
you spoke about park gear and you know, integrated motor controller for the 
high powered vehicles. Now, on park gear, I mean, pardon me for the 
ignorance, but this is not, this is neutral to the power train, right? And what is 
the, you know, potential that we see from this segment? This is something 
which we've added in this quarter. So, if you can share a little bit more color 
around, you know, can this be cross sold to existing customers, anything that 
you can share on the potential or addressable market? And this integrated 
motor controller, has it got something to do with the Equipmake alliance that 
we had done, or this is completely different because I thought that was the 
arrangement for the high powered vehicles, right? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So good question. I'll invite Vikram to speak about the park gear and Sat to 
speak about the integrated motor controller separately because they're 
both separate products. But just before they speak, I think when we did that 
integrated dry motor controller, we realized that it's a great idea from a 
thermal management packaging, light weighting, cost - all perspectives. So 
why not replicate it in every type of motor? So why not in Hub wheel and also 
why not in high voltage, it doesn't have much to do with Equipmake. But let 
Sat speak about that, but Vikram first  
Vikram Verma:  
Regarding the park gear, it is only used in the EV drive train. So, it's not like 
power source neutral or in ICE transmission, it is not used. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Vikram a question that we forgot for the customer. 
Vikram Verma:  
What is that?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Can we sell to other customers? 
Vikram Verma:  
Yeah, it is as I said, it is used in all the drive trains in the EV. So, this product can 
be sold to any, all the other EV players. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
And what would be the cost of this product, if that's possible to share a broad 
range? 
Vikram Verma:  
No, again, it is different sizes applied at different points of the drive system. 
So, it will vary quite dramatically how it is applied. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Gunjan, It's different. If a class A truck has that, it will be like very, very high 
value. If a small electric car has it, it will be very low value. I think I tried to 
explain to someone else that our bevel gas for example, range in price from 
X rupees to 100X rupees actually. And the average will not give you any 
meaning because the range is very wide. It's the size of the drive train and 
the torque. So, it's going to be a very wide range. Sat do you want to answer 
the integrated motor controller also? 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Sure, sure Vivek, Thanks. Gunjan, the integrated motor controller, as Vivek 
said, I mean, we are looking at to incorporate the technology which we have 
already developed for the drive motors into the hub motors and take it further 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
from our existing range, which is till 96 volts to 350 volts which would be good 
for three-wheeler applications, and the light commercial vehicles which is, in 
1-to-1.5-ton capacity. As Mr. Deshmukh said, it gives a lot of benefit in terms 
of efficiencies and the performance. So, we are working in house on in house 
technology for smaller motors which could be in the range of 40 to 50 kilowatt 
from 96 volts to 350 volts. As far as the Equipmake is concerned, I mean, 
Equipmake is for the high kilowatt bigger motors and the voltage is about 350 
volts. So, we are having that agreement to support the bigger applications. 
And I saw the question on when there was a question on, on the 
development status. Equipmake products’ development is as per the plan, 
we, we are going ahead, and we will start approaching customers. So, there 
is no delay or there are no issues on the development plan for Equipmake. 
Hope I answered your question, Gunjan. 
Moderator:  
We now move on to the next investor Nitij Mangal. Hi Nitij, your line is unmute. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitij Mangal:  
Yes. Thank you. Good evening. And thanks for taking my question. Vivek, can 
you talk a little bit more about NOVELIC. How do you see that company, let's 
say over the next 3 to 5 years. What are the key competitive advantages 
there? And let's say even when you talk about this in-cabin sensor order 
they've got, I mean, is that because the technology is different? Is it because 
I don't know, maybe they can do it at a better cost. So how, how are you 
trying to position NOVELIC over the next 3-5 years? And what is the kind of 
play area for them? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Nitij. Good question. So, I'll start with what we desire or what we hope. 
We want to make NOVELIC one of the world's most respected and valued 
sensing companies. So, for now, the focus may be only on millimeter wave 
radar sensing, but we want to do much more than that. We want to integrate 
radar with camera to provide a truly integrated solution. ACAM is one of our 
first areas because in-cabin is a new need in Europe. The NCAP thing has 
been delayed by a year. So, it's a little slower than it would have been, but it 
will come in every vehicle. And it is not, Nitij, as I keep saying, whenever we 
meet that in our industry, it is not just good enough to be better as a product, 
you have to be better and more economic, you have to do both, which is 
what we're trying to solve. That if you can put one radar sensor, let's say 
behind the mirror and that replaces four or five weight sensors that measure 
detection or if someone sat down or not, it takes away wire harnesses, it takes 
away the need for other sensors that detect if people are there or not. So, it 
should actually be net positive for the OEM. That's, that's one of the ways to 
sell that you not only provide more application cases, but you also provide it 
at a much better cost than what it used to be. We are looking at adding 
more use cases like intrusion alert, proximity alert to the same sensor. So that's 
on the ACAM side. Second, it is also that we're trying to make it a truly mobility 
company, which would mean even in industrial areas where there are robots, 
for safety reasons, for lifts, anything that moves. If it has some intelligence, it 
needs to sense its environment, it needs to sense objects around it and we 
have a place and we want to be able, I mean, the reason we gave them so 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
much, why are we doing primary funding is this, that make the best talent 
available to them that they can explore many, many more use cases to take 
their great technology and make something out of it.  
The third area is on the semiconductor chip design which is currently only a 
small business. It's only about 20% of the revenue of NOVELIC, it's a in a 
separate, it's housed in a separate subsidiary. We want to make it much 
bigger, I think a lot more and it is with your background. You would know, 
although you would have been happier if you'd stayed on with Nvidia, don't 
you think now? But a lot is moving on to the software from the chip. So the 
chip used to do the heavy lifting, most of the circuits did the heavy lifting of 
the logic. Now, a lot of it is actually shifting on to the software enabled that 
chip. And that's where I think a lot of people like NOVELIC and NOVELIC’s 
origin by the way from IC. It's a Novel IC, novel integrated circuit, that's how 
the name came into being. We see a lot of potential there. We are investing 
in it. We are adding a lot of talent. Let's see. Hopefully we'll have something, 
something to report from that segment too. 
Nitij Mangal:  
Ok, great. Thanks for that. Fairly detailed answer. I have one follow up on that. 
So, I mean, I would imagine I mean, NOVELIC, will not be doing chip 
manufacturing, of course, right? So, at some stage, do you, I mean, is there 
a competition, let's say, if I assume you'll still get chip manufactured from the 
likes of Infineon and all, right, and those are the companies which are also 
some of the largest automotive chip suppliers, right? And they would want to 
also offer such solutions, I think Infineon used NOVELIC design based solutions 
earlier. So, is there a competition for NOVELIC from who, from companies 
NOVELIC will be buying chips? Just one more on that, three years, five years 
old, how much, how big can you think NOVELIC can be as a part of Sona’s 
revenues? Thank you so much. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I would clarify that, I don't think we'll be in competition. I think you know, we 
don't name customers, but all our chip customers will come to lean upon us 
far more as the weight shifts from chip fabrication to the software part. And 
we want to be that trusted supplier. This industry is very fast evolving, this is a 
new kind of supply that wasn't really required earlier. The chip makers had all 
of it and these guys were very small. I think out of the total value of the chip, 
there will be a far more share of specialist software and chip design people. 
I think that industry is yet to come into its own fully, but it will They have even 
like a jigsaw puzzle, that they take broken chips, not like full wafers and try to 
use them as if it's one chip, thanks to the overarching software architecture. 
So there is a lot more that's happening these days, and I don't think it's 
competition. I think it's a collaboration. There will be more, I think it's 
happening in the EV sector also. A lot of people who used to be competitors 
are customers slash competitors slash suppliers, a lot of these lines I think are 
merging. So, we will see what percentage we don't know. We hope it is a 
significant one. We know it will be, we are confident that in five years, we 
won't be talking in percentages, we will be talking about how many times 
have we grown by and hopefully that will, that will then see you know how 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
we have been able to execute on this hypothesis. Let's see, but it is an 
exciting part for business. 
Nitij Mangal:  
Ok. Thanks Vivek, all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will go to Arvind Sharma. Arvind, please go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma:  
Hi. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. On the domestic e-Two 
Wheelers part, we see two things, e-two-wheeler is going smaller and yet the 
volume is not catching up. So where do you think the industry is heading on? 
And also, how does that impact your revenue slash profitability? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Profitability will increase. But I mean, they are not the most profitable segment 
of our revenue, to be honest. It is a great industry, from which we learnt a lot 
because there is volume, you get to do many iterations of your motors, but it 
isn't the most profitable one. You can ask any supplier who supplies to Two-
Wheeler people that's not a profit making segment. Revenue, it is 7% of our 
revenue. We will keep adding customers and share of wallet so we will keep 
growing it, but it isn't at least from what we see today. It doesn't look like it's 
going to be as big as I would have answered two years ago. Two years ago, 
I thought the EV two-wheeler space is going to be truly huge in this country. 
Although if you remember Arvind, when we presented on this in one of our 
earnings calls. And we said that we think e-three-wheeler followed by e-buses 
followed by EV two-wheeler followed by EV passenger car is the order we see 
electrification happening in India. The order remains the same but EV two-
wheeler percentage I think should be revised downwards because it isn't 
growing and we are not also seeing much policy support, although you guys 
track this far more than I do. It is 7% of our revenues, so is obviously not where 
we spend most of our energies as a percentage of profit, it will be much 
lower. So there, there is that, like I said, we've learned a lot in the three years, 
we started with low power, low voltage, we have kept going up. And as Sat 
mentioned, we are now working on, 350 volt, 40 kilowatt types of solution. We 
will keep trying to get higher and higher on both voltage and power and try 
to get to the larger value segments for ourselves. 
Arvind Sharma:  
Got it. Thanks, Vikram, for this. One more question on that again, domestic EV 
space in the passenger vehicle segment, like you said for you, PHEVs then 
BEVs, then hybrids. But now what we also see a lot, at least currently, the 
models are essentially very similar to their ICE counterparts when we shift to 
Born electric vehicles in India. Do you see content per vehicle increasing 
again? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, that's a short answer. Yes, with increasing torque, our value goes up. 
That's a very straight-line correlation. 
Arvind Sharma:  
Got it, Thank you so much. Thanks! 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Arvind.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
So, we have a question in the chat box. This is regarding your EBITDA 
sequentially being more flattish, but sequentially if you look at the PAT, it is 
down. So, if you could just explain that. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, Rohit, this is for you. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Sure, so typically, in the fourth quarter of the year, we have, you know, certain 
tax adjustments because of which tax was lower last quarter. You will see this 
trend in most of the earlier years. So last quarter, there are tax adjustments 
towards the end of the year. So last quarter tax was exceptionally lower 
actually. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. So, tax rate, average tax rate for the year should be around 24 to 25%. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah, it should be between 24 to 25%. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure. Deanna that’s all from the chatbox. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, there are no other questions at the moment. 
Kapil Singh:  
Great. So, we can conclude this call. On behalf of Nomura, I thank the 
management team of Sona Comstar for taking out time for this call and also 
all the investors for joining this call. Unless there are any closing comments 
from anyone, we can close the call. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, thank you so much for everyone for attending, taking out your precious 
time and attending our call. Thank you!  
Moderator:  
Thank you everyone for joining today’s call. You may drop off the line. Good 
evening! 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
