 
Orient Cement Limited 
Corporate Office: Birla Tower, 3rd fl, 25 Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001, India.   011 42092100 
Registered Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneshwar, Odisha 751012, India. www.orientcement.com    
 
CIN No: L26940OR2011PLC013933 
 
 
 
 
August 12, 2024                                                                                       Ref: OCL/SE/2024-25/42 
 
BSE Limited     
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai-400001  
   
Scrip Code: 535754                              
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: ORIENTCEM 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Conference  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
In terms of Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Investors Conference Call held on August 6, 2024, with respect to Unaudited Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://orientcement.com/disclosure-reg-46/investors-and-analysts-meet/ .  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
 
 
Diksha Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Investor E-mail id: investors@orientcement.com 
 
Encl.: as stated 
DIKSHA 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by DIKSHA SINGH 
Date: 2024.08.12 
17:58:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Orient Cement Limited 
Q1 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. DESH DEEPAK KHETRAPAL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ORIENT CEMENT LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
 
MR. NAVEEN SAHADEO – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Orient Cement Limited Q1 FY ‘25 Conference 
Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
Thank you, Aditya. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY’25 Earnings 
Call of Orient Cement. From the management we have with us MD and CEO, Shri. Desh Deepak 
Khetrapal ji, so without any further ado, I hand over the call to Mr. Khetrapal for his opening 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you. Thank you, Naveen, and a very, very warm welcome to all of you who joined the 
call right on time. We were waiting for a few more people to come, but I think it's unfair to you 
people who already joined in to keep you waiting any longer. 
Once again, as always, extremely grateful to all of you for the time that you find and show 
interest in our company. In terms of highlights, I'm sure all of you have seen the numbers that 
we published yesterday for the quarter. What has not come in the numbers, I'll mention upfront 
because that’s always a positive for any company, and we are extremely proud of the fact that, 
in the recently concluded survey that was there for great place to work, which basically where 
many of the top companies are participating in. 
 
Not only have we been certified once again as a great place to work for the fifth consecutive 
year but year-after-year, actually our trust scores have kept moving up, and we are. right now, 
at a trust score of 93, which is one of the highest that gets seen anywhere. And not just that, if 
we look at these across sectors, we are now in the top 50 companies with trust scores like this. 
Top 50 for a company like cement. I mean, we're talking about the survey, which is across all 
industries, the entire universe of the company than industry. We're in the top 50. 
 
Within the cement sector, we are the only one in top 100 and in the building products and cement 
sector, again we are number one. So, like I said, it’s a reaffirmation of the kind of company and 
the kind of culture we built in the company and perhaps that one culture of trust. Secondly, the 
complete sense of ownership by our team members is what sort of keeps enabling the 
performance that we keep reporting to you all the time. So that's an upfront thing. 
 
Second thing, which I really don't know whether I should be talking about it, but since I am the 
spokesperson, I'll also mention that similar organization, a great place to work, along with Great 
Managers Institute, they have a process in which they pick up a few people from their process. 
It's not as big a list as the great place to work survey does, but a short list in which I personally 
have been given the title of Most Trusted Leader for the second year running. 
 
Last year also I had got it and this year again, I've got it. So it's more for information than 
anything else. It does sort of make me feel good that whatever things I end up doing, my people, 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
they trust me, and they let me do the / set the strategy, and they just follow it without questioning 
it. Thank you. 
 
Coming back to the highlights for the quarter, I think the slowdown in the cement sector is 
visible from the fact that DIPP data also it has come out. It has actually shown a flat growth over 
last year. Now, this is for the country as a whole. But in terms of nuances, if we see obviously 
some regions have had more growth and some actually have degrown with fairly large numbers. 
Although the DIPP data doesn't get us that, but we do know that the markets in Telangana, 
markets in Karnataka, at least in our areas of operation, have been softer markets, not just now, 
for many quarters now. 
 
What’s unusual about Q1 quarter this year has been the fact that even Maharashtra, total demand, 
including Mumbai city, the demand is down over last year. And that's more to do with, I'll tell 
you what the pan-India, reason, obviously, we know, there were the national level elections for 
the central government. There have obviously heat wave that we saw this year in May, especially 
was extremely intense, which in some of the districts actually the construction work had to be 
stopped by the local authorities, District Collectors, because it would be inhuman for people to 
be able to do outdoors work and construction is outdoors work. 
 
Come June and the kind of rains this year we had in the month of June, across all our markets, 
across Maharashtra, Mumbai, all of you, I think, would be aware of that. Including, I would say, 
markets not just in, even in regions like Vidarbha for example, this year has got really really 
good rains. But that means that during the time when it’s raining so heavily, the construction 
activity does slow down. 
 
So all that put together, obviously, has impacted the industry in terms of the total demand in our 
markets there has been a huge degrowth. And the slowdown I'm sure all of us remember, the 
slowdown had actually started somewhere in the middle of Q4 FY24 itself. And it has got worse 
with the extreme heat and the general elections and the other points that I made out just now. 
 
In some markets like Pune, for example, there was a strike by the people who get aggregates to 
the construction industry, mind here, absent aggregates, again you can’t carry on construction. 
So multiple factors that the fact is that we have struggled and one thing that I would certainly 
like to point out is that this quarter has really been what I will call a real test of our grits and our 
commitment to our strategy of actually sticking to profitable business and not chasing volume 
at the cost of margins and loss of value. 
 
I mean we are here to create value for shareholders but if we start doing business which loses 
value for the shareholders it is something that we don't subscribe to. And we try to defend our 
pricing even during the time when the prices were actually low. And that obviously has come at 
the cost of volumes being low. So while I have mentioned in our market, the demand has gone 
down, but in our degrowth of 15% over last year would certainly be seen as an unduly large 
degrowth even in our markets. 
 
And as you know, with 13.5 lakhs, 15% de-growth, over Q4 it is 21% degrowth simply because 
Q4 always is much bigger. So there is a drop there. So 15% degrowth is unusual over last year. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
And we obviously, in rupees crore also there is similar degrowth. Similar degrowth as volume 
basically indicates that our price realizations have actually been stable. 
 
We've seen industry results. And I think any company which operates in our markets, if you look 
at, they have actually lost realizations per ton on the cement they have sold. We have more or 
less kept it stable. There is around 1% over last year, but sequentially keeping it steady around 
the same levels as I think I mean major thing, which is I take pride because we play with a 
decided strategy and this strategy is not new. 
 
Most of the who are regular on the calls that we address every quarter, you will know that for 
the past many quarters, we've been talking about our strategy to shift our brand positioning 
upwards and not try to sell products which are cheap. Now I mean in a difficult quarter, you start 
lowering your prices in an immediate reaction to the pressure then the brand positioning that, in 
our case, still work in process, we haven't quite got there and brand position shifting -- brand 
position upwards takes a number of years. 
 
We are well on the journey, and we didn't want to derail the journey at this juncture by dropping 
the prices and going the same way as everybody else was going. But that is the right reason 
behind we not being able to keep up with the volumes of the industry, but we are happy that we 
managed to maintain our sales. And maintaining the sales obviously -- sorry, the price realisation 
enabled us that despite 15% de-growth despite fall in prices in the markets, we managed to 
sustain our profitability. We are roughly the same as we were last year, which I think is 
something which I definitely want all the investors and analysts to take note of it. 
 
It's not an easy strategy. It is a contrarian strategy to the rest of the industry. And I would say 
some would call it risky, but I call it a bold strategy to say, there is another model of running 
cement business within the industry, which is -- most of the people are following the same track 
and we decided that no, we are not following that track. We set up our own strategy, we stick to, 
if we maintain our prices. 
 
Volumes will come when we start getting the, let's say, orders which give us the kind of 
minimum threshold of contribution that, I think this is perhaps, again, I'm just drawing your 
attention to the fact that last many quarters, we've been saying that we give up orders unless they 
meet our threshold level of contribution, net of everything. And in this quarter, we found many 
more orders which we had to refuse, and the result is in front of you. 
 
The key nuance here is that even when we are saying that we give up volumes in our quest for 
pricing. We are not being silly in doing things which can actually hurt us in long run. What I 
mean by that is we realize that the consumer market our trade market, if you lose the market 
share, it's very difficult to regain the market share because the consumer sector is brand driven. 
 
They are loyal to brand and things like that. And if we actually don't feed them and don't retain 
our market share, it becomes very difficult in the B2C market back to us. So we actually then 
aligning our prices with the trade sales -- with the industry leaders. We're not, obviously, aligning 
our prices with category B brands or category C brands. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
We have come in the category of category A brands, and we are aligning our prices with them 
and staying competitive with them. And we obviously don't want market share by going to the 
price level of -- maybe category C brands or B minus kind of brands. 
 
But when it comes to B2B business, we have realized that B2B customers, actually are not loyal 
to the brand, they are more driven by the right quality of cement, with the price being right. So 
at the current stage when we realize that the market prices in B2B are very, very low, and we're 
not happy with the net margins that we were getting those are the orders we refuse. So, 
obviously, the worry about losing market share in the consumer market should not be carried in 
the mind. 
 
But B2B, yes, we give up volumes and we know when the time is right, either the cost come 
down, or the market prices become better. You go by the competitive prices and the B2B 
customer always, every order, every month is based on what somebody has quoted. I just wanted 
to assure all of you that it’s not our policy, which is without the nuance, which is necessary to 
believe. 
 
I think from the results, which are published and many -- most of the companies, any company 
whose exposure to the market is similar to ours. I don't think there's any one company in the 
industry which would have reported an increase in EBITDA per ton over last year’s same 
quarter. And we were at about INR650 last year, we were around INR750 this year, which is I 
think something that I would like to point out to all of you and take note of. 
 
B2C, I have told you that we have retained our market share that, those we are not losing. And 
I still believe that adding capacity, which I think some of the industry leaders have been very 
aggressive about it, I'm sure I don't need to name them, all of you know. So these large players, 
leading players who have been adding to capacity, I think their priority today seems to be 
increase capacity utilization or sweat the assets that they've got. 
 
While we see that strategy on their part to sweat the asset and sell more volume in the market, 
their aggression to this more volume is keeping the pricing in the markets on the lower side, 
more so on the demand in any case, it's not robust enough. 
 
So the only option for people like us then is to either succumb to the pressure of very low pricing 
and start losing money, literally losing money, or to follow their own strategy and policy of 
making sure that this business being done is not being done at a loss. 
 
That's our philosophy at our company that we are following, and I just thought I’ll highlight that 
to you. We would like to make money on every bag of cement that we sell rather than losing 
even on one bag. While the market conditions are what they are, it's the fact that many other 
smaller players also like us, we are all struggling with the larger volumes, which are coming in 
now from the newly acquired capacity by the industry leaders. 
 
And not just that some of them who have -- now have plants, which are closer to our core 
markets, we're beginning to see that from far away distances, the volumes are coming into our 
core markets, and they are selling at prices which are lower than ours. I won't name the brands, 
but there are some of the leading brands that we've always known in our life in the Indian cement 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
industry, who in the market will be selling their cement at INR10 to INR15 less than the price 
of Orient Cement. 
 
That is the reality. I can take pride in the fact that we have a positioning at which even at our 
prices we still sell -- but the strategy of some really premium brand historically selling at way 
down our own pricing is something that is a matter of concern for us certainly, but also shows 
how the situation of the market is. 
 
Till date we have accepted the pain of lower volumes while defending our pricing and 
profitability. For us most important is also, as I mentioned, the brand positioning at what price 
are you available in the market, and that we don't want to disturb. As I said, that will dislocate 
or derail our long-term strategy, but at the same time I would like to also assure all of you that 
we are monitoring the market dynamics very, very closely and we will ensure, as any responsible 
management has to do, that in this process we don't create lasting risks for the company in terms 
of market presence that we’ll maintain. Again, we keep talking about premiumization and keep 
talking about repositioning our brand. The fact of the matter is that despite whatever challenges 
we've had in the market in terms of overall demand, the growth that we are seeing in our premium 
products is once again an evidence that the products that we've created and what we've launched 
in the market at a fairly significant premium. 
I think our premium in the market is the highest on our premium brands. Despite that price gap 
over our normal cement, which itself is a very good quality, in Q1 of this year the overall 
proportion of our premium cements put together has reached 23% and we are very close from 
the beginning when we started, our target initially was 10%, then we said we want to go to 25%, 
and 23% has already been achieved. I'm quite sure by the time we end this year we would hit 
the target 25% and we'll revise it upwards. Naveen Sahadeo is on the call right now. 
I'd just like to remind him, when we were launching our first premium brand in 2018, Naveen's 
question to me was, what's your ambition for this premium cement? Because obviously premium 
cement at that time was something quite not expected in the cement industry. I don't know 
whether Naveen would recall, my promise to him was, my goal rather would be that Orient 
Cement actually should be selling only strongcrete and nothing else. Do you remember that, 
Naveen? 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
I do. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
So, we are well on track. Let's see how long it takes us, but we are in that direction. We should 
be selling only premium cement. So we are not deviating from that strategy. It's not a new 
strategy. I'm not saying it because we've lost volume in this particular quarter. I'm saying it, I 
said it about six years ago, and that kind of a strategy needs execution, which is unwavering. 
And we are glad that we are doing that, and we keep making progress quarter after quarter. Now 
coming to a little more detail that all of you are always interested in. In this Q1, our overall sales 
break up is like this. In the West, we have sold 68% of our Q1 volumes. And in South, it's been 
24%. Obviously, West is even higher than what it was earlier. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
The degrowth obviously is largest in our Southern markets, which is basically Telangana and 
Karnataka, where we sell most of our cement in South India, which is in fairly strong double 
digits, whereas Maharashtra also in terms of total, our sales to Maharashtra are although at 68% 
as a proportion of our total sales, but in which the degrowth in Maharashtra for us is 5.5% over 
last years, compared to high double digits in Telangana and Karnataka. 
B2B sales in Q are sort of, in a way, slightly higher because the consumer markets in any case 
are at a very, very low level. And the OPC as a percentage of our total unblended cement 
continues to be between 45%-47% in that range. I think the last investors call, I had updated on 
that. 
It was very early in May. I said that on 29th of April, the second phase of our waste heat recovery, 
the balance phase, also had been commissioned. And so, I'm happy to now report that with the 
waste heat recovery, which became fully operational and available to us in the two months, 
which is month of May and June, and the solar power that we've been receiving, our total, I 
would say, green power component in Q1 has reached a high of 24%, which is ever highest for 
us, which is a good position to be in. 
The benefits from waste heat recovery in Q1 itself, despite the fact that part of it was available 
only for two months, and also the production was not, because waste heat recovery actually gives 
you a lot more benefit when you're running the plant full steam, you know, all the time, which 
obviously with low demand has not been possible. And we've had to take, shutdown in kilns 
also, but despite that, in the first quarter, the gain from waste heat recovery is close to INR9 
crores. 
And the, as I, solar has given us a net benefit of over INR2.5 crores. So, these are the benefits of 
going green at the same time, bringing value to shareholders. Our plans for expansion of solar 
powers, which we have taken the approval from shareholders some time back, at Jalgaon plant 
out of the 3.7 megawatts that we proposed, 3.4 is already operational, some small bit is left, 
which should get operational any day now. 
The Chittapur thing that we were actually putting up about 17 megawatts, that unfortunately has 
been delayed a little bit for us, and that will come into operation, I think, maybe, I don't know, 
five to six weeks’ time, by mid-September, we expect the solar at Chittapur also to start 
contributing. So once Chittapur also comes in and waste heat recovery, I think the proportion of 
green power that we're using will go up even higher. So that's the breakup on how we are doing 
power. 
In Q1, the power and fuel costs for us are down to the INR1,337 per metric ton of cement, which 
is down from INR1,571 in Q1 of last year. So obviously, there's a significant drop. And 
sequentially, again, there's a little bit of gain there. In Q4 of last year, we were at INR1,351, 
which is now down to INR1,337, as I mentioned. And this, let me remind you, INR1,337 is 
despite the fact that we are doing in the high 40s as a percentage, OPC grinding, which takes a 
lot more power. Our product mix right now is adverse because the OPC sales are much higher 
than what we would like to happen. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
The blended fuel cost for us has been in this quarter INR1,785 per million calories. And some 
people want to call it 1.785 per calorie, but we typically have been quoting a million kilo calories. 
So INR1,785, which last year in the same quarter was INR2,100. But on quarter-to-quarter, as 
we said sequentially, it's almost flat, the blended cost per ton of fuel. The fuel mix, all of you 
remain curious about, I get in questions later, so I will call out right now, its domestic coal is 
40%, pet coke 42%, alternative fuels are 18%. Yes, so that's the mix that we have. 
The fuel mix in TSR terms if you want to take it, the pet coal gives us a lot more of the calorific 
value per ton. So then it has become 31% coal and 56% pet coke in terms of calorific value 
consumed. But in terms of weightage as most of the industry reports, we are 40 and 42 with 
calorific -- if we go as per calorific value, 31% coal and 56% pet coke. 
In terms of the total renewable power, I've already mentioned it's already 24%, and which was 
last year same quarter was about 12%. I've already updated you about the more solar power that 
will come in soon. A very small part left at Jalgaon, balance at Chittapur will come in September. 
That will be a very small part in this quarter, but thereafter it will start becoming available. 
For us, the alternative fuels in this particular quarter have been slightly lower at 13% on TSR 
basis, which last quarter was 16%. But if we compare ourselves with last year, we were at 5% 
only. So from 5% to 13% is a huge jump and we keep increasing our efforts to maximize usage 
of alternative fuels. 
So as I mentioned to you, the benefit that we have achieved from that has been very, very 
significant, as high as -- I'll come back to you, but there has been obviously more than double of 
what we consumed as alternative fuels over last year. 
In terms of other metrics, in this particular quarter, overall heat and power has been similar, but 
some marginal increase in grinding power, simply because when the machines or mills are not 
running full and because of low volumes, there are lots of stops and starts which become due to 
some inefficiency. Some slight increase in the power total consumption to 62.7, which was 
sequentially up to 61.7. So lower volumes can thus give us more inefficiency. But in terms of 
heat consumption, we are marginally lower. 
Like there's a marginal increase there. Heat consumption for the company as a whole has been 
689 in Q1. Further breakup issue, people need power costs for us in this particular quarter has 
been at INR397 per ton of cement vis-à-vis Q4 that is sequentially the INR401. But if you look 
at last year, it was INR456 and below. It's down to INR397. Almost INR60 drop, largely coming 
in from the waste heat recovery that we installed at Chittapur. 
Fuel cost per ton is -- I've given you the purchase price, current value, but I'm talking in terms 
of rupees per ton of cement. The fuel cost is down to INR939 from INR1,113 last year and 
INR950 in the preceding quarter. 
So in all this, as you would see, in terms of efficiencies, we keep sustaining. In terms of promised 
renewal power and green power, we are doing our job. Alternative fuels, I've already mentioned, 
we doubled over last year. Our premium brand strategy seems to be panning out quite well. And 
we continue to follow our strategy of not trying to downgrade our brand in the markets. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
That leaves me, I think, with some updates on the projects before I open to questions. Our project 
now -- last time I had mentioned that we were struggling with the application to be moved for 
environment clearance for our Chittapur plant, which has been overdue. The fact of the matter 
is, till the central elections, general elections got over, the new government got formed, somehow 
the minutes of the public hearings that we had already conducted, they were not finalized, but 
after that they have come in. 
And based on all the paperwork, our applications for environment clearance for expansion of 
capacity there, and also for expansion of mining, both of them are already on the portal of 
Ministry of Environment for us. There are some delays here because, obviously, central 
government got formed recently, ministries and there's a lot of shuffle of bureaucracy that has 
happened. 
We are still expecting that, hopefully, in the meeting that they will hold perhaps towards the end 
of August, our applications would be coming up before the committee for presentation. And all 
the paperwork has been done. So it's a question of now going through the process of 
presentations to the committees in Delhi, to Ministry of Environment & Forest, and thereafter a 
few more weeks before we get the approvals, which will enable us to then start taking further 
action for implementation of the project. So there is a progress there. 
For Sarni, we are told that the one term which we wanted altered, we understand informally that 
the Board has agreed to our request, but we have received no formal intimation as yet. Only after 
the formal intimation is received by us, we'll make the necessary disclosures to the authorities. 
But right now, progress is there. It's looking promising. 
But we'll wait till we get an official letter from the Madhya Pradesh Power Generation 
Corporation confirming that the terms are acceptable to them. So again, not too long, because 
the Board meeting got over about two weeks ago. So very soon the minutes should be out, and 
thereafter we should get a formal letter. 
On the forest clearance for Devapur mines, again, all the process is over, the file has finally 
reached the Minister of Forest in Telangana government. So that Minister has to just now sign 
the file and send it across to Delhi to MoEF for evaluation by the central government of all the 
forest conservation measures and all that we put together. And that, again, is a very advanced 
stage of clearance now, because once it moves from Telangana government, like I said, the rest 
of the government is in process. It's with the Minister for her to forward it to Delhi. 
So only thereafter we'll talk about the things. As I said earlier, the priorities remain Chittapur 
capacity expansion, because we keep seeing more and more demand coming from that. And also 
to improve the situation for capacity utilization of existing kilns itself, existing capacity of 
Clinker. 
Sarni would be the next priority. There's no change in that priority. And in terms of capex, I 
think seeing that we're already in the month of August, and even if we take three, four months 
before we can start doing some activity, the capex that I keep promising to seem to be sort of 
something which keeps getting pushed back. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
And I personally don't think there'll be too much of capex outflow on the projects at Chittapur. 
I mean, it could be just a couple of hundred crores or something when we start giving advances 
to people to mobilize and things like that. But the real investments will perhaps, most of them 
will come in the next year, because in the current year we certainly will start construction 
activity. 
And similar thing I would think, Sarni also will take about six months for the grinding unit for 
us to start some activity. So the capex fund, I think we'll have a lot of cash with us by the time 
we start the heavy loading investment. But in the meantime, in any case, we are beginning to 
touch base with some banks to see whatever money we need to borrow to complete these two 
projects at a total cost, as we keep talking about nearly INR2,000 crores between Chittapur 
expansion and Sarni. 
So we are ready now, but the delays in environment clearance have been delaying our project 
execution schedules, but unfortunately couldn't help it. And in the meantime, the demand has 
also not been that great, that we missed a lot by not being able to add more capacity. So that, to 
my mind, are all the updates that I wanted to share. 
And I'll open the forum for questions, and we'll be happy to answer. Thank you very much, guys. 
Thank you for your patience. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Keshav from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just want to understand Chittapur and MP expansion, 
which was earlier expected in H2 FY '26, now in all likelihood that will flip to FY '27, that is 
the right perfect understanding? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Okay. It could be early FY'27 but I'm not able to say because I still don't have the clearance -- 
all the clearances aren’t in hand. A big bit of uncertainty possibly. It is probable that, I know 
Chittapur certainly little bit is a the clinkerization and grinding all put together, Sarni is a simpler 
place because it is already in the inside the premises of power generation and the grinding it 
should normally take less time than a full integrated capacity. But yes, your anxiety perhaps is 
well placed because I still don't have all the clearances that I need to start construction activity. 
Keshav: 
Understood. Got it. For few operating metrics number like trade share and lead distance for this 
quarter? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Our lead distance as we keep saying is slightly marginally higher still, we continue to be in the 
range of 300 to 310, 320. We have not violated that at all. So there is not much difference in 
terms of the distance travelled and in terms of freight cost also, we are more or less straight, over 
the previous quarter. The question was sorry just repeat there one thing that you had mentioned. 
Keshav: 
Trade share. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Trade share for us --  I did mention that B2B sales is perhaps 56% and balance 44% would be 
Trade, yes. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Keshav: 
Okay. Understood. One last question from my side. I want to understand how is the demand now 
shaping up in Telangana market, which has been pretty weak. So we are seeing high double-
digit degrowth. Any signs of pickup or when will it happen? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Well, during the monsoons in any case the demand is further lower, I mean the fact of the matter 
is, what we've seen of this quarter so far, the demand actually continues to be very soft all across, 
not just in Telangana. But Telangana is a market, we still have to see real signs of demand 
picking up because of the necessary support and the atmosphere that needs to be there, for people 
to start doing more investments and thereby increasing the demand. As of now, signals are still 
to emerge. So continue to remain worried about Telangana demand. 
Keshav: 
Understood. Got it. So what sort of volume growth you are guiding for this year? Earlier you 
were guiding 8% but that doesn't look now achievable. So what is the... 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
If you permit me -- I think let me go through a bit more. We already had 15% degrowth in Q1, 
right? 
Keshav: 
Right. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Q2, as of now, I think we'll struggle to make the same as last year. So if the first half of the year 
does not give us the required growth, obviously, the full year forecast needs to be relooked at. 
I'm going to wait till the monsoon gets over because the advantage with, on a heavy monsoon, 
the intense monsoon the kind we are having right now is that post monsoon, the demand picks 
up very sharply. Now that is the normal trend that we've seen in the past. 
The two things happen. One, there's a lot of pent-up construction which did not happen because 
there were intense rains, one is that. Secondly, the extensive rains also caused a lot of damage 
to infrastructure and housing. So a lot of demand comes from the repairs work itself, right? So 
while we would expect given the past trends, demand to pick up in the second half, but I'll 
perhaps hold my work up for now and see how the markets behave by the time the monsoon is 
ending. So next time, I can give a better idea right now is whatever I throw it’ll be like a dart 
throwing on the board. There's no data that I have to base on to say, I'll go by this much in this 
year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sumangal from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Sumangal: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the chance. My first question is on this quarter's 
performance. Now in the opening remarks, we compared with the last year same quarter, but 
just wanting to know if that is appropriate because if memory serves us right, last year, we had 
something around INR25 crores, INR24 crores of impact because of extended shutdown at 
Chittapur. So that is around INR150 on a per ton basis… 
Deepak Khetrapal:  
No, no. INR25 crores is never a cost of shutdown. Shutdown cost only around between INR8 
crores and INR10 crores. Never INR25 crores. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sumangal: 
Okay. But there were some adverse logistics and fuel mix because of the shutdown. So overall, 
I think the impact was around INR24 crores if our notes are correct? 
Deepak Khetrapal:  
Sorry that is your calculation. I'm not privy to that. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. But was there any shutdown in any sort of maintenance related activity this quarter? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See some small maintenance activities have happened at both the plants, but not a full plant 
shutdown yet. But it's not that there is zero maintenance cost on when you're running the plants. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. Sir, with respect to our mining lease in Rajasthan, has there been any 
start of land acquisition happening there? If you could just share some update on that? 
Deepak Khetrapal:  
No, we have still -- we are in negotiations, but we've not closed any deals for the land in 
Rajasthan. Not till now. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. And sir from the – as far as 2Q is concerned, is it possible to share how was -- how 
is the price environment currently in July? And I mean, year-on-year or should we continue to 
see volume decline given the adverse weather or we should now come back to growth from 2Q 
onwards? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
As I mentioned in – while answering the previous question, I did say that during monsoon, we 
have actually seen July also has been soft, very, very soft, both in terms of volumes and in 
pricing. August first five days same thing is continuing. I think today I was hearing from some 
of our markets that the rains are not there after many days because it's rained every single day, 
at times very sharp, at times not so sharp. But in our market, the rains has been persistent. 
We obviously and I did mention that while monsoons always present a struggle in terms of 
volumes, and I have just said, in case you heard the previous answer, that we are struggling 
during the monsoon period and will perhaps struggle to meet what we did last year in this 
particular quarter. But the expectation is post monsoon, the demand has – post good monsoon 
demand has always been far stronger. I did say that just two minutes back. So I would repeat 
that again for you. 
We do expect the demand to rise sharply once the rains stop, because the construction activity 
has been held up. There's a lot of pent-up, catch-up work that needs to be done, and there will 
be a lot of repair work necessary, which has been caused by the extensive and very heavy rains 
to roads and to bridges. So the repair work itself creates, generates its own demand for cement. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. Sir, is it possible to quantify the pricing, how soft it is on a sequential basis in July? 
Deepak Khetrapal:  
I would say it is in the region 2.5%, 3% in July over the previous quarter. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. That's very helpful, sir. Thank you. And all the best. 
Deepak Khetrapal:  
Thank you. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
Thanks, sir. Sir, my question pertains to, first on the expansion program. You mentioned that 
the clearances and all is delayed for Chittapur. So for FY '25 versus INR1,000 crores capex, 
which we had guided earlier. What are the probable capex, which will happen in FY 2025? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Again, the first question sorry I just say a couple of maybe INR200 crores to INR300 crores not 
more than that. I don't … 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi: 
So in that, you mentioned INR100 crores odd would go towards Chittapur and this MP what sort 
of capex you are building in the same? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
In FY 2025, I don't think that Sarni would be more than INR25 crores, INR30 crores not more 
than that. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Only INR25 crores. In Rajasthan nothing expected? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Rajasthan, it all depends on the land -- but that we will parallelly we will keep trying and, in this 
year, as we had said. So land deals when they start, they can happen very quickly. So I'll still 
say maybe INR100 crores for Rajasthan, I am keeping with me, and we may invest in Rajasthan 
for the acquisition of land quickly. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
And, similarly for Devapur you are not expecting anything to happen this year? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
No. Devapur, the moment stage one -- forest one clearance comes in that's about INR130 crores, 
INR140 crores that I -- in fact, I talked about more. I talked about typically in the INR150 crores 
thereabouts that we will have to pay to the government to finally get the stage 1 clearance 
converted into stage 2 clearance. That has to happen in this particular year. So it's very, very 
critical for us. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So that is around INR125 crores, you are building for this year? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
You can take INR150 crores. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
INR150 crores. And if I look at just your brownfield expansion potentials at both the Devapur 
and Chittapur, what are the peak capacity potential at both these locations even if you do it 
gradually? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
No. As I mentioned, the plan is to put up another three-million-ton cement capacity at Chittapur. 
Same to what we have today, we would like to double that straight away, three to six. Devapur 
is divided in two parts. One is the Clinkerization at Devapur and second is the grinding capacity. 
So because at Chittapur we do entire grinding on site branding but at Devapur we are going to 
be putting up this two million tons grinding unit in Madhya Pradesh where we speak, Sarni is 
the name of the location we are going to be putting up. And to that extent, Devapur will do 
clinker expansion and only 1 million tons of additional grinding. That's the configuration. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
And I would rather do Sarni first so that my existing utilization of clinker at Devapur right now 
is a little low. So, my hurry would be to go to a new market using Sarni as a grinding unit and 
increase my capacity utilization of the kiln at Devapur and parallelly, once that grinding unit 
starts functioning then come back to Devapur to do the clinker addition. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Correct. And the project cost, which you had earlier enumerated INR2,000 crores for MP and 
Chittapur combined will that remain or? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
MP and Devapur. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
MP and Devapur. Sorry. MP and Devapur together is INR2,000 you are saying? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
No. I think that will be slightly higher than 2,000 because we did talk about Devapur putting a 
waste heat recovery plant also. We have to put up a wagon tippler, some of the infrastructure 
that Chittapur has adequate infrastructure, but Devapur will need more. But Devapur will come 
later. Right now, let's focus on Chittapur was INR1,500 crores and 500 for Sarni. So, then in 
terms of project, they are two different projects, the total capex will be about 2,000. So, when 
you were saying, I got a little confused because Chittapur and Sarni are not connected. But if for 
arithmetical addition, it will become INR2,000 crores between the two of them. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. Devapur any number for the program that your clinker additional 2-million-ton clinker 
and 1-million-ton grinding, waste heat, and the tippler system that you're trying to ballpark, what 
sort of capex would be required? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I think by the time we complete it, it'll be more like INR1,700 crores, INR1,800 crores. It'll 
become. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. Great sir. I will come back in queue. Thank you. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Naveen from ICICI Securities. Please go-ahead 
sir. 
Naveen: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, couple of questions so first is on prices and I know that 
you never give the guidance on prices you said. You always maintain that stand. But since 
consolidation the likes that we are seeing in South, do you think there's enough consolidation 
that has already there to hope that prices should improve? Or in your view, what could be that 
one trigger, so to say or one event that can lead to an improvement in pricing scenario at a 
broader industry level? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Naveen that's a very tricky question for me to answer because people who are doing the 
consolidation for, just have their strategy known to only themselves -- how do I answer that? I 
mean, look end of the day pricing in an industry where capacity utilization, pan-India still 
remains, struggles to get to even 70% on pan-India basis. 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
The only way prices become stable is when people accept the fact that trying to sell to the market 
more volume at a lower price does not help anyone. It does not help that company. It does not 
help the rest of the industry also. 
 
Now, that's rational thinking. But when the business decisions start getting driven more by not 
so much by immediate profits but either a longer-term strategy of saying, I will win but in the 
short term I don't mind losing. As long as that approach remains it's very difficult to sort of in a 
way for somebody who's on the sidelines like me to comment on which will be that event in 
which people will regain the priority for profitability being the topmost priority. 
 
And here, the worry is the industry leaders, and we know there are two large groups both of 
them are right now in the mode to acquire more and add to the capacity, even organically, I think 
they're building more capacity, right? 
And when they build more capacity, if they decide to prioritize their volumes push higher, prices 
will always be under the threat, that's the fact. So, in this aggression on adding to capacity, both 
through acquisition and through organic construction and also to utilize all the capacity, when 
the industry is not growing at that pace would always be detrimental to pricing. That's what our 
learning is. A particular trigger, it's difficult to say what the trigger would be just the normal 
business sense is that if we're adding capital, see what many adding capacity, what are we doing, 
we are investing more capital of the shareholders. 
If we say we are not so keen on improving the return on the capital, we are more interested in 
getting the market share and getting the volumes in. Then you're chasing a different target 
compared to what the shareholders would want. Shareholders want their investment to be 
profitable and accretion to their wealth, right? That’s the theory of business, which I have learnt 
and as far as I have seen that’s the only thing that finally works in the long-term. 
But there are periods in the industry, in any industry or in the market where these things have 
given a go by in pursuit of some other business strategies, which may be rational from that 
company's perspective, I am nobody to criticize that because they're investors in their company. 
If they decide it’s ok for us to reduce the return on capital that I am employing, their strategy, 
then nothing that anybody can say about it. So in that battle between investing more capital and 
reducing costs, return on capital employed. So that is the strategy it can come only come by a 
loss to the entire industry, not to just one company. 
Naveen: 
Understood. Sir, my second question then was about the -- like a strategy stance for Orient. And 
as you already mentioned that there are three sites that like our capex is being going to be 
pursued. First is, of course, Chittapur and simultaneously then Devapur and some -- along with 
the land acquisition and maybe a project is in sight in Rajasthan as well. 
So from a strategy perspective, since these are like big-ticket capex planned, is there somewhere 
a thought that we can -- because there are companies who have done that, that we can monetize 
the limestone lease in the Rajasthan belt, which is not our core market as of now and gain or 
rather strengthen our market presence like we are doing like prioritizing Chittapur and then 
Devapur. So, is there a thought process that we can look to monetize the limestone in Rajasthan? 

 
 
Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Naveen I can only talk about the strategy as approved by the Board, which I think at a particular 
time, everybody was very, very concerned that we must try and diversify our market because we 
are too much in South and in Maharashtra. We should be -- and Rajasthan, is our only 
opportunity available to us at -- I would say, at no cost of having to acquire limestone mines in 
another market because today, these days, mines come through auctions, and they put additional 
costs on you. Rajasthan is our best opportunity to actually diversify our markets at costs which 
are not crazy. I don't think our Board is even considering the possibility of monetizing the 
Rajasthan mines, no. 
Naveen: 
Understood, and sir, my last question is for the Devapur location, can you please remind if the 
limestone that we get there, the royalty is standard at par to the industry rate, or is it linked to 
some IBM-related formula now or for the expansion that we are looking at? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
No, Devapur mines are the same royalty as, royalty everywhere is the same, which is fixed by 
the central government and that's levied on the minerals. If, let's say, the new Supreme Court 
ruling, which has come recently, which has given powers to state government to levy more taxes, 
that will create, I think, state-to-state variation that might have a potential, depending on where 
the state wants to levy more taxes. But I'm telling you the situation as it pertains today. It is same 
INR80 per ton royalty on limestone mining that everybody pays in India, including us. 
Naveen: 
Understood. That's really very, very helpful, sir. Thank you so much for responding. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you. I always sort of end by just thanking all of you to patiently hear me out at the start 
and ask me questions, which enable me to clarify your situations further. Thank you for keeping 
faith in us. I know we are playing with a contrarian strategy to the rest of the industry. And what 
we can promise to you is that every decision that we take, we are accountable to all of you. 
 
We'll come back and keep explaining to you how we are doing it, why we are doing it. But the 
goal all the time is to make sure the long term of this company is being protected through 
whatever actions that we can take as management of this company. Thank you for support and 
trust in us. Grateful to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
