
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Bosch Limited 
Q1 FY '24/'25 Post Results Conference Call” 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD MUDLAPUR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
MS. KARIN GILGES – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – B&K SECURITIES 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bosch Limited 1Q FY '24/'25 Post Results 
Conference Call, hosted by B&K Securities. From Bosch management, we have with us today 
Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur, Managing Director and Chief Technology Officer; and Ms. Karin 
Gilges, Chief Financial Officer. At this point, all participants will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management presentation and 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you, Annamalai. And good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll start 
with a brief overview of the global and Indian macroeconomic landscape, followed by the 
financial and business highlights. The global theme is one of slowing growth as central banks 
navigate the delicate balance between inflation and recession. The exception is U.S., which 
continues to show strong performance right now. Our developed markets are bracing for 
lacklustre growth in 2024 with a forecast of 3.3% for global growth in 2025. 
 
Emerging markets present a mixed picture, while India, Indonesia and the Philippines are 
experiencing expansion. This is counterbalanced by tepid growth in China. With the election 
dust settling on the budget finalized, the government will shift its focus to infrastructure projects 
and job creation in the manufacturing sector. Auto sector aforementioned in the government 
budget for '24/'25. Though, exemption of customs duty on minerals, which can aid in reducing 
electric vehicle prices. While alterations in person tax and the announcement of employment 
support are expected to help the sales of passenger vehicles and 2-wheelers in the country. 
Additionally, the emphasis on skill development and infrastructure will benefit the automotive 
sector. 
 
The budget aims to encourage companies to set up battery manufacturing plants in India and 
invest in battery technology, research and development. Despite challenges, the overall 
sentiment in the automotive sector remains positive. Now getting into Q1 FY '25 versus Q1 FY 
2024. The financial year commenced with healthy growth in the automotive market despite high 
base of last year, election-related slowdown and seasonal likely rates. The passenger vehicles 
market in Q1 FY '25 grew by 6% compared to FY '24 due to high demand for utility vehicles 
and a positive consumer sentiment despite high inventory levels caused by low footfall at the 
showrooms due to heat waves and general elections. 
 
Heavy commercial vehicles experienced modest growth of 3% on a high base in Q1 FY '24, and 
a slowdown in infrastructure and construction activities due to the transitional period for the 
newly elected government. The government's ongoing emphasis on infrastructure development, 
anticipated policy stability and a robust monitoring forecast are expected to boost future HCV 
sales, alongside continued bus orders from state transport utilities or STUs. 
 
Light commercial vehicle segment experienced a correction of 3% compared to Q1 FY '24, 
owing to financing challenges faced by first-time users and expected loss of market in less than 
1-ton vehicles to 3-wheelers. Last mile connectivity is expected to grow with continued 
expansion of the economy and demand for consumer goods. 
 
Tractor production grew marginally by 1% compared to Q1 FY '24, driven by an above normal 
monsoon forecast and timely arrival of the southwest monsoon, improving the farmer sentiment. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Growth is expected to accelerate in the coming months due to increased minimum support prices, 
or MSPs, for current crops and inventory build-up ahead of the season. 
 
The 2-wheeler segment, started from a slow base, exceeded expectations with 20% growth in 
Q1 FY '25 driven by the revival of rural consumer sentiment and strong motorcycle demand. 
Positive sentiment is expected to continue throughout the year, fuelled by a trend towards 
premiumization, with consumers seeking larger and more feature-rich bikes. 
 
The 3-wheeler segment grew by 11% in Q1 FY '25 due to sustained demand for passenger 
transportation and last mile operators for e-commerce, food deliveries and other applications. 
The wallet-friendly, long-term total cost of ownership of electric 3-wheelers has driven the 
fastest transition to e-mobility among all vehicle segments. The electric 3-wheeler segment is 
poised for substantial growth driven by government support and cost advantages. 
 
Now sequential Q1 FY '25 versus Q4 FY '24. When compared to Q4 FY '24, the market has seen 
a degrowth. This is in line with the seasonal cyclicality. In this slide, we will illustrate the market 
trajectory from the peaks of FY 2019 through the challenges posed by COVID through to 
subsequent recovery. The automotive market ended FY '24 on a positive note, reaching all-time 
highs in the car and LCV segments and maintaining momentum in other segments. 
 
Looking ahead to FY '25, moderate growth is expected due to the election year factor, high base 
effects, historical trends, and recent pipeline inventory buildup in the car segment causing a bit 
of concern. However, robust economic conditions and an anticipated above normal monsoons 
suggest a modest -- moderate growth trajectory, influenced by election year dynamics and high 
base set in the previous year. 
 
Looking into the sector-wise sales performance. The Mobility business has grown by 4.1% in 
April to June '24 as compared to April to June '23, driven mainly due to the Mobility aftermarket 
business, which grew by 8.1% on account of higher demand for new generation diesel 
components. Power Solutions business, which grew by 2.3%, mainly due to growth in passenger 
car segment driven by high demand for utility vehicles. 
 
The 2-wheeler business grew by 14.6%, mainly due to higher sales for fuel injectors and fuel 
supply modules owing to additional demand from TVS and [inaudible 0:07:20] Bajaj. The 
Consumer Goods business grew by 5.1%, driven by higher demand for grinders, drillers, cutters 
on account of the market growth. The Building Technologies business grew by 19.4% on 
account of execution of higher number of orders for installation of security systems. 
 
Getting into key financial highlights. The revenue from operations quarter-on-quarter, revenue 
from operations in April-June '24, stood at INR43,168 million, which is a growth of 3.8% over 
April-June 2023. The growth is driven by Mobility Aftermarket, Power Solutions business and 
Consumer Goods business, as seen in the previous slide. 
 
EBITDA. Quarter-on-quarter EBITDA in April-June '24 was INR5,197 million, which grew by 
11.1% over the same quarter of previous year. EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue 
improved from 11.3% in April-June '23 to 12% in April-June '24. The improvement in EBITDA 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
margin is mainly attributable to the growth in revenue and reduction in other expenses during 
the current quarter. 
 
The profit after tax in absolute terms grew by 13.8% in April-June '24 over the same quarter of 
previous year on account of growth in EBITDA. PAT as a percentage of total revenue for the 
quarter is 10.8%, as compared to 9.8% in April-June 2023. 
 
Now getting into the Mobility business. Powertrain Solutions. We start to see global recognition 
of hydrogen engines. Hydrogen engine technology is gaining recognition globally as a viable 
zero-emission vehicle powertrain. In the European Union, it is classified alongside battery 
electric vehicles or BEVs and fuel cell electric vehicles or FCEVs, as is ZEV powertrain. 
 
North America's Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, the greenhouse gas emission 
regulations -- Phase III regulations also acknowledged hydrogen engines. China is considering 
incorporating hydrogen engines into their new energy vehicle framework, or NEV farework. 
These global endorsements highlight the potential of hydrogen engines to revolutionize the 
transportation industry. 
 
In India, the hydrogen engines present a promising alternative to diesel for a long-haul truck 
segment. Achieving hydrogen prices below $4 per kilogram is essential, but equally critical in 
the development of a robust refuelling infrastructure to ensure widespread adoption. Bosch is at 
the forefront of this revolution, working on multiple projects with commercial vehicle 
manufacturers globally and in India. 
 
Furthermore, Bosch continues to support other alternate fuel technologies, including CNG and 
[Flex-Fuel 10:40]. 
 
Coming to the 2-wheeler and Power Sports segment. In April 2024, we inaugurated our second 
production line for Lambda Sensors or LFSmh at our Bidadi plant to address the rising demand. 
The new line was inaugurated by representatives from HMCL or Hero Moto Corporation 
Limited, along with the Bosch management. This partnership with HMCL, the world's largest 
2-wheeler OEM, marks a major milestone for the growth of LSFmh sensors. 
 
The new production line supports the upcoming BS-VI OBDII stage B regulation effective from 
April 2025. The journey of the lambda sensor at Bosch's Bidadi plant began in December 2020 
in anticipation of the BS-VI emission norms, starting with a production volume of 1.2 million 
pieces in 2021, we have significantly ramped up our capabilities. By 2025, we are set to achieve 
over 8 million pieces annually. 
 
The new Bajaj Pulsar N250cc and the Pulsar 400 cc models launch confirms Bosch's preferred 
role -- Bosch's role as a preferred technology partner for premium powertrain components. This 
launch introduces value-added functions or VAF for the first time in Bajaj motorcycles, 
showcasing Bosch's commitment to enhancing performance and features to the premium mass 
market. 
 
Moving on to the mobility aftermarket segment. Bosch has introduced a new Tyre Pressure 
Monitoring System for both 2-wheelers and 4-wheelers, providing enhanced diagnostic 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
capabilities as an aftermarket solution. We have also gone live with the Adicare extended 
warranty offer for diesel and rotating machines, benefiting from both independent aftermarket 
and OEM customers. 
 
Now moving on to power tools. It is with immense pride that I share this momentous news of 
power tool India transformation from a country sales organization to a region effective from first 
of April 2024. India now has become 1 of the 5 independent regions within the Bosch Power 
Tools global organization. India as a region is now responsible for consolidated figures for India, 
Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and Maldives, or the entire SAARC. 
 
The focus will be on the cordless tools business, Cordless 2.0, industrial tools, dealer 
appointment, aggressive marketing campaigns across business units, global tools, actors, 
measuring tools and outdoor and garden tools, and innovative and new product launches tailored 
to all market segments. Concurrently, medium-priced products will be pivotal, serving as 
essential drivers for overall business growth. 
 
The newly formed region has added various capabilities as new business development director, 
marketing head and a new cross business unit marketing structure in place to drive the business 
towards exponential growth journey. With detailed plans to scale up our dedicated engineering 
team setup, Bosch Power Tools in India is set to achieve its ambitious goals and targets. 
 
In the Building Technologies segment, we launched the AVENAR, made in India detectors, 
marking the first product from our business unit fire systems to be manufactured locally. 
Additionally, we introduced the ZLX G2 portable speakers under the Electro-Voice brand, 
further expanding our innovative product lineup. 
 
With these slides, I conclude my speech. Thank you for listening patiently. We will now address 
your queries. Feel free to ask your questions. Thank you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-answer session. Our first question is from 
Pramod. Please unmute and ask your question. 
Pramod: 
So thanks for the detailed presentation and giving more granularity for the client-wise wins. 
That's useful to understand. So first question is with regard to the Power Tools. You did allude 
to the region -- you coming as a region. So what does it mean for -- is it in the sense the 
manufacturing operations will be set up by Bosch India in those locations? Or you will be 
exporting from either of those regions? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay. Currently, there is -- okay, let me explain now what the regional concept means. Until 
now, India was a sales organization for Power Tools reporting into our Chinese Power Tools 
headquarters. And that has been disconnected now. 
 
And India is a region, like I mentioned earlier, together with the rest of SAARC minus Pakistan. 
So basically, Bangladesh, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan and Maldives, all come under the 
management of the Regional President for Power Tools located in India. Of course, he also 
manages the entire portfolio of business from India. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Now coming to your specific question on manufacturing and export, or local manufacturing. 
There are no current plans for setting up any plants in any of these countries. All of them benefit 
from our current manufacturing plant, which is already in Chennai in India. And we will continue 
to export from Chennai to these regions. 
 
The reason for aggregating these regions is because the markets are very similar around the 
Power Tools demand, and the nature of tools are also very, very similar. So we are logically 
using the same tools across the entire region, and hence, it makes a lot of sense. And 
geographically, they're also located very close so traveling is easy and management is easy. 
 
So the Indian team manages the whole thing, and they will export from here, and ensure that the 
business growth happens for the entire region. So within our -- Bosch Limited will significantly 
benefit from this. 
Pramod: 
Sure. Understood, sir. Sir, second question is with regard to your annual report where you asked 
for, in today's AGM, the shareholder approval for interparty relations or the transaction to be 
done. 
 
So there, you talked about exports to the parent literally tripling in next 4 years as a resolution 
and imports to the -- from the parent doubling up -- more than doubling up. What is the thought 
process there? And is it a serious number to look at? Because on the financials, it looks like big 
implications. What has changed in the thought process in the last 2, 3 years? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. Thank you very much for the question. Yes, there is not a change in the thought process. 
We were all the time seen as we -- our main core market is India. But we have worked in the last 
couple of years massively on our cost competitiveness. We are now scaling with our quantities, 
which helps us also to become cost competitive. And therefore, for certain volumes like 
injectors, VE pumps, et cetera, India will also become very attractive. 
 
And therefore, we see an increase, and it's a serious number, also in the automotive. But again, 
still, we are -- our main market is India and SAARC. And wherever possible, of course, we also 
stepped into the export business with our parent or our affiliated companies, which helps us also 
in the local volumes because we have a better fixed cost coverage. 
Pramod: 
Sure. And any explanation for imports, literally doubling up, which you're talking about? At one 
side, you are localizing, and you're also importing plan to import next 4 years. 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. So what we plan to import for the next 4 years, we are -- you know we have 2 technology 
changes. One is from the conventional to the common rail product. And therefore, we see a 
decline in the conventional product where we have a very good and high localization rate set up 
after the last 4 decades, let's say. 
 
In the common rail system, we are heavily working to come to a very good localization rate. We 
are working on this. We have already -- we're already successful. But this transfer is that we see 
a higher import for the common rail systems until we have finished the main localizations. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Second thing is that, in these systems, in the content of the car, there is mainly exhaust gas 
treatment components. And we will start with the first component of the exhaust gas treatment 
in April 2025. We have the SOP. And this is the NOC sensor, and we are currently looking and 
discussing the next localization of the NOC sensor as well. 
 
In addition, for the next 4 years, we also considered, we have now to see the market to which 
technology, the market is going into the electrification or hybrid or whatever. But we have also 
considered partially the first import, for this new technology, this is also part of our related party 
transactions. 
 
Perhaps this was automotive part, the sales, of course, we have a new approval for the related 
party transaction for the power tools. And there is also we see a very good growth. Guru already 
mentioned our plant in Chennai. We are a region now. We see a good growth. And there is 
partially things also imported. And therefore, we are above the INR1,000 crores. 
Pramod: 
Thanks, Pramod. Next in the line will be Gokul. 
Gokul: 
Curious on your gross margins. So your gross margins remain at around the mid-30s mark where 
we are currently facing very softer commodity prices. So in that context, can you just give an 
update on localization plans? And how does this impact our gross margins more from a 12 to 
18-month perspective? 
Karin Gilges: 
So regarding the gross margin and the localization, it is very clear for us strategically, we have 
to localize, also to increase and to improve our gross margins. This is very clear. On the other 
hand, you also have to see we have a shift from the conventional products to the common rail 
system where overall we have a higher share of material in the common rail system. Therefore, 
localization will be even more crucial. 
 
So localization is what we have to work on in the common rail systems. And perhaps also you 
should know that we have started with a project team in our purchasing here in India also with 
the early, let's say, screening of the supplier market for the future for all components in the 
electrified powertrain system. 
Gokul: 
So just a follow-up on that. So your long-term margins have been in the mid-40s or early 40s at 
the gross margin level. Given the change in the composition of the products where you're moving 
from convention to CRDI, as well as more to electronics, should we assume that it would be -- 
these margins perhaps might improve a bit on localization, but this is more like the new normal? 
Karin Gilges: 
So this is a little bit of a guiding question for the future. Let me say it in this way. We did now 
the first step coming back to a double digit, which was very important for us, and we do 
everything to keep this double digit. For the future, we have to see how the market is growing, 
what is the product mix, and how fast coming technologies in. 
 
We, at our job, to be as flexible as possible, and therefore, going ahead with the localization in 
the common rail system in this -- in the new generations of the combustion engine, and be 
prepared also in India for a fast change to the electrified powertrain. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Gokul: 
Great. Just my second question, in the Q4 call, you had indicated that the Q1 could be soft 
because of the sales with respect to sort of automotive impacted by elections or macros. But for 
the full year, you were expecting a similar performance as FY '24. Does that broad expectation 
of growth still hold or you're changing on that stance? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. The broad expectation of growth for the year holds. There is a change. We had already sort 
of indicated Q1 would be sort of a moderate or very weak growth, knowing that there would be 
an upcoming election, and we would also come into the summer months with not knowing how 
intense that summer was, but we had expected some slowdown. Primarily due to elections, but 
I think it's largely in line with our forecast for this call. 
Gokul: 
Just lastly on capex. Would you be required to do a step-up in your capex spend, maybe INR500 
crores plus, given you would want to accelerate your localization? 
Karin Gilges: 
Whatever we have to spend to have a feasible and profitable localization, we will spend. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Now I'll go to the chat box, there are some questions in the chat box. And the first question is, 
what are the estimated content increase for 2-wheelers due to the upcoming state B with effective 
from April 25? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Are you referring specifically to the OBD Stage 2? 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Yes, OBD Stage 2. Actually, it's a person who chatted on the chat box, but I presume that is for 
OBD 2 what will the content increase for Bosch? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay. We have to get back to you on that. I can't give you an exact number right now. But there 
is an increase, and we will get back. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
And the second question is, is there clarity on timelines for TREM V norms what could be the 
guiding, the same question? What would be the content increase in tractors for Bosch Limited 
due to TREM V, how much of this content increase would be value added by Bosch and how 
much will be bought to components? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So I would again say TREM V has been postponed so far. I'm not aware of any recent discussions 
towards changing the date or if there's any further change in the date, but mostly by second 
quarter of '26. TREM V should be rolling out and in place. So that's what we expect today. There 
is, again, a change in the content per vehicle, and there is going to be a change towards the 
common rail systems there. But we will get back if necessary on the exact change in the contract. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. Next in the question is Viraj. 
Viraj: 
Sir, just 3 questions. First is on the margin piece. So what do you kind of gave a colour on a 
roughly increase in related party, because of the change in technology, which is taking place, 
both in tractors and components. So while localization may take some time to play out, would it 
be right to think that margins may remain around current levels what we have been reporting, 
given the kind of technology change the business or the portfolio will be undergoing? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Karin Gilges: 
Again, regarding margins in the future, we do not want the guidance. We would not like -- want 
to give. But it is all the time if you have a change in technology and if you have a strong parent, 
or like us, then there is, of course, possibilities, there are chances, there are opportunities. And 
you have the flip side of the coin where you have for the one-off, for the other product, perhaps 
a negative impact. It's our task to balance it and to prepare for all the scenarios. There will be 
definitely a change in the technologies, the question is when? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Too early localization also is totally counterproductive in terms of our margin. So we will have 
to balance it against when is localization most appropriate, what volumes justify localization 
with reduced costs and improved performance in terms of margins. Only then we go, or maybe 
a little bit earlier to that phase we go in. But if you start to localize too early, and either the 
standard chips or the rollout their chips like in case of TREM V or the volumes don't happen and 
we are sitting with high capex, which may not be very effective. 
 
So we take a very conscious call not to drop our margins in everything we do, and ensure that 
we will be successful also with increasing localization in the coming years. 
Karin Gilges: 
And perhaps to add -- to give you a concrete example. The NOx sensor, which we will have the 
SOP in April 2025, we nearly worked 2 years in the front loading of this project. If you look at 
this product, it looks very simple, but there is laser welding, new competencies in. And for us, 
it is very important, as soon as we have the lines, and our lines are usually expensive, we have 
to set up a very fast ramp-up, because otherwise, we have to keep the imports, and we have the 
fixed costs. 
 
Therefore, we are, as Guru explained, we are really thinking through when does it make sense. 
And we invest a lot in the front-loading of the project. If the lines are coming to India, if they 
are capitalized, we need to come to an OEE of 85% and 90% as fast as possible, not to sit on the 
fixed cost in the P&L. 
Viraj: 
Just another question. When you're kind of adding capex towards localization say after treatment 
or NOx, is the thought process largely towards localization or meet the requirement for the local 
market, or now there's a change in thinking in terms of looking at export also, at least in the 
interim, to drive better utilization? That's one. 
 
And second is, given now you're looking at new technologies and localization of that, is there a 
change in capex spend range versus the past? So we talked about INR300 crores to INR600 
crores annually, but expense in the last few years has been at the lower end of the range. So is 
there a change in thought process on that? 
Karin Gilges: 
Okay. Coming perhaps first to your first question, and here we can also say the NOx sensor line, 
if we only look at the Indian volumes, we would have a 2-shift model. And we would have then 
an impact in the costs. Here we get a certain export volume as well because we need in the 
overall production network, there were volumes which we could bring to India. And therefore, 
we will get a line where we have India plus export volumes, which is also favourable then for 
RBI. And of course, because we have a good utilization, there we have a very good example. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
We have other examples as well. Nevertheless, of course, if the Indian volumes require us to 2 
shifts, 3 shifts already, then for us, we first deliver into the Indian market. So this as a general. 
Sorry to ask, can you repeat the second part of your question? 
Viraj: 
The range of capex of -- used to be 300 and 600. So with this, does that drive up the real shift or 
we will be in that line only? 
Karin Gilges: 
So again, you know our balance sheet, and whenever a localization, MAE, investment or capex 
is feasible and we see, let's say, a contribution to the top line to the bottom line or to both, then 
we will make this capex, we will make this investment. 
Viraj: 
Just last question. On the portfolio for the Bosch listed entity, I think last quarter or the quarter 
before, you gave a colour that CY '24 we may see a similar announcement as what the parent 
announced in the portfolio realignment in the Mobility. So we did get some colour that we would 
be announcing or coming up with a decision sometime in the year. So any thought process in 
terms of with any further businesses we'll be exiting from the listed entity or any businesses you 
think will be merged in the Mobility segment into the listed entity? Any colour you can give on 
that? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, I do not want to speculate on things which are very sensitive information. So I would not 
want to comment on these things right now. All I can say is that we are continuously relooking 
at portfolio and how we can do it better, not just for ourselves internally but also for our 
customers in India, and potentially also for the export markets, which are opening up for us. So 
as and when decisions in the Board, we will keep you updated. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I will read some questions from the chat box. In the quarterly numbers, sir, the other expenses 
has gone up sequentially as a percentage to sales. Any one-off expenses in the other expenses 
this quarter? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes, exactly. So we had a one-off in the last quarter where the other expenses of sales were very 
low because we had the forex impact. And this is, of course, this quarter, we have the reversal 
impact, or you see the reverse impact, and we have 1 warranty case where we have a special 
warranty where we made a provision in this quarter. So this is actually the reason. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Can you quantify it broadly? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Can you quantify is the question. 
Karin Gilges: 
No. We -- it is -- we would -- yes. No. We will not quantify the different lines, please. But we 
have the reversal effect from the last quarter in this quarter with forex and 1 very special warranty 
case. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Then the next question from the chat box is, can you talk about what percentage of our 
revenue comes from electric 2-wheelers and 4-wheelers now? Are there any worthwhile order 
wins in EV components to call out for? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No. Right now, we would not like to do that. We don't get into such very specific segment and 
product line revenue numbers. But we can look at it in the future. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. And then the next 2 questions in the chat box is, in the presentation, you talked about 
value-added function provided for Bajaj Pulsar. What are these components? And are they 
manufactured by the listed entity? Hello? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I'm just referring to what... 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Yes. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
[inaudible 39:13] on this, Annamalai. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
The 2-wheeler you indicated, sir. Bajaj Pulsar. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I know, I get it. But exactly what those value-added functions are, we will get back to you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Next, I am unmuting Jay. You can unmute your line and ask your question. 
Analyst: 
To understand on the recent news article, if there is more light that you can throw, in terms of 
Bosch potentially getting the DVA certificate under the PLI scheme. So 2 questions related to 
these are, if there's any details that can be shared on the kind of products that we are looking to 
localize and what's the kind of incremental capex that the domestic listed company will commit 
to post this event going through? And is that being the reason for lower capex versus what we 
could have put on the ground? And should this accelerate more investments? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No. Actually, our capex planning and investments are not necessarily connected to DVA 
approvals. And we have been a manufacturing company all along and we've invested 
significantly on capex. As and when we feel localizations make sense, DVA and PLI benefits 
come on top of it, which, of course, will be an added bonus. So that's one part of the take. 
 
On the aspect of the new item on DVA approvals and so on, all I can say is that we are an 
applicant in the PLI scheme. We have not officially got any confirmation from the ministry on 
DVA approval, although there are market speculations or social media or media speculations or 
news items on this. We do not want to comment on that. We hope to -- we have fulfilled more 
or less all the requirements to meet the DVA. So as and when we have the formal approvals, we 
will indicate that with you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Mr. Jay, are you through with your questions? Okay. We'll go to the next, Pramod. 
Analyst: 
We have always been asking you in terms of when are you localizing. But if I had to look at 
tractor industry as an example where the implementation timeline itself has changed. So how as 
-- when such policy delays happen, how do you accommodate in your decision making and 
capital allocation? And do they go for a slow utilization initial period? Just wanted to get your 
thoughts on that. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
See, I'll give you our general philosophy on how we get into manufacturing and localization. 
Whenever a new technology is introduced, it takes -- unless there is a digital switch like, for 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
example, BS-IV to BS-VI with a clear cutoff date and a transition from one place to another, the 
ramp-up on new technology areas is quite slow. And then we prepare for that and invest in line 
with the ramp-up volumes that we forecast, or we have acquired. And then we go in line with 
that with gradual upgradation of capex, to ensure that our manufacturing OEs are at the optimum 
level. That would be the general philosophy. 
 
So we are not constrained by cash or budgets to ensure localization. The bigger worry generally 
is are we investing too early and then starting to depreciate, starting to waste our line capacities 
and add on fixed costs, and thereby impact our bottom line? Or are we doing the right things 
with regard to a good mixture of imports plus local ramp-ups, and then subsequently making the 
local ramp-ups very significant and totally cutting off imports? 
 
So that's how we operate in general. And this has been our philosophy for a long, long time. And 
this is something we have very good alignment with our OEM partners, and we work very 
closely with them on how we do it. And that's how we've operated all. 
Analyst: 
And the second question is with regard to the 2-wheeler exposure. With the lambda sensors, do 
you see 2-wheelers becoming a prominent portfolio of your -- part of your portfolio into high 
double digit might be in '26 or so? Any direction you want to give? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
2-wheelers are already a very significant part of our portfolio. So we have engine management 
systems, a lot of sensor components that go in. Of course, outside of the listed company, we also 
have braking, ABS components going in. So 2-wheelers are a significant part of our overall 
turnover. We expect this trend to continue with increasing premiumization and movement 
towards higher cc motorbikes, we expect this trend to continue. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I'll read some questions from the chat box. Many questions have come. One minute, sir. Yes. 
First question is, I'm not looking for a specific number, but directionally, can export in next 3 
years growth rates higher than the domestic growth given the best difference? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
See, by and large, we are set up with an intent of being local for local. So within the Bosch 
world, we have production capacities installed in several regions. And India is one of those 
regions where we ensure that we do largely what is required for the Indian OEMs. 
 
Of late, thanks to several geopolitical issues and changes in the fuel emission norms and 
electrification and so on, export is becoming a very attractive proposition for either enhanced 
utilization of our line capacities or also to reduce capacity somewhere or change our production 
dynamics and export from India. We do not currently foresee a major change in our export 
portfolio right now. But the intent is that we continuously increase this. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Mr. Jay who had a question on PLI got -- line got disconnected. Typed in his question -- follow-
up question. One follow-up, are the benefits of PLI and other incentives captured in the margins 
largely are passed through as they have limited lines? 
Karin Gilges: 
Can you please rephrase your question? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
No, no. I think his question is whether the PLI benefits, when you get it, we can retain it or we 
need to pass on to the customer? That's what his question is. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I mean this largely depends on product categories and our agreements. I would say the eventual 
benefit should be seen by the consumer. And so there is an overall value chain passing on the 
benefits, and we will do the same. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Again the next question is I'm reading from the chat box. Can you suggest on our plans 
for hybrids in PVs considering EV penetration is not taking off in the near term and more OEMs 
are announcing hybrids? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. I mean we've talked about EV penetration several times and many of you have countered 
us saying very high EV penetration likely and so on. But we believe our numbers are pretty fair 
and correct. And we have anticipated what is likely the EV penetration rates in India, or we get 
our signals from the global OEMs. 
 
So this is an anticipated trajectory right now. And we see that when the subsidies reduce or when 
the very premium EVs are sort of saturated, and now the more common market class EVs have 
to come in, there is likely a slowdown for a while. And slowdown still means a pretty good 
growth rate compared to traditional combustion vehicles. And this is something that is known 
and well understood. So that's the EV part of the story. 
 
Now for hybrids, we have a portfolio which caters specifically to the engine management 
systems. Basically a lot of things we already do towards the combustion vehicles will still 
continue. There are some extra components which come on hybrids like the battery systems, 
which we don't make currently, and that's how it will stay. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. And can you please give an outlook for our key different key segments for us, CV, tractor, 
PV, 2-wheeler and consumer goods. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
What does outlook mean? 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Basically, I mean all these sectors, sir, how we look at making the shorter to medium term. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Short term is really -- we had covered most of this in the presentation already. So I would not 
want to enlarge anything more than that. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. Again, this next question you may not answer, but anyhow I'll just read out the question. 
Share your market share and content value for EVs currently. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I would avoid that. We don't go into product class. 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. And we also have to say we are with all the important OEMs in discussions, but it is a very, 
very early stage in the market of electrification. And to discuss today of market shares, when I 
see the market, then this would be really we are talking about, I don't know, a couple of 
thousands, 100,000 -- so this is not -- the important thing for us is not on the classical KPIs. The 
important thing for us is we are in discussions with our customers. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
We are -- we stand together, co-creating, and we are the strong partner for them technology-
wise. And when it's coming up, we are ready to work with them together. And this is the current 
status. But now to say what is the KPI, the market share, this is really too early. 
 
For us important is that we have a strong backbone with our parent company, where we have 
certain technologies, which we can offer to the Indian OEMs that we are -- have the 
competencies to work with them together on adjustments and give them a good consulting. And 
as I mentioned before, that we are in a very early stage have already the supplier base on the 
radar here in India that we start this as well. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
And more importantly, we have a profitable portfolio. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. We can take the last question from the chat box, sir. Tata Motors today has launched 
their Pure EV at a price which is very close to a midsized diesel SUV. How do you think about 
this as a major diesel player, and the take on it if the customer switched to Pure EV? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So I mean if -- we wish lots of success for this. We have our components going into many of the 
EV launches coming up. So we are happy to get in that portfolio. But yes, it's maybe too early 
to speculate what will happen, our diesel go down. We have already forecast that the diesel share 
will go down over a period of time, quite long. And we will stay with that. And in parallel, we 
will do everything to have a very successful, profitable EV portfolio, which we can carry for the 
OEMs in India. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay, sir. Do you want to make any closing comments, sir? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No, thank you. I just want to say thank you for this opportunity, and some good questions. Also 
some good thoughts to introspect within ourselves. And thank you, everyone. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
On behalf of B&K Securities, we thank all the participants for joining the call. And special 
thanks to Bosch management for taking the time out for the call and giving us the opportunity 
to host the call. Have a good day. 
Karin Gilges: 
Thank you. Bye-bye. 
 
NOTE: This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspelling and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. 
 
