 
 
 
August 9, 2024 
 
The Manager, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, 
G Block, Bandra‐Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500413 
Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK 
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61 
Fax No.: 2659 8237/38 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst and Investor Earning Conference Call 
 
In furtherance of our intimations dated July 25, 2024, July 31, 2024 and August 2, 2024 giving intimations for the Q1 of  
FY 2024-25 Earning Conference Call for the Analysts and Investors and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 40(2)(oa) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please note that the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on August 2, 2024 has been uploaded on the website of the Company within the 
prescribed timeline and can be accessed on the following web link: 
 
https://resources.thomascook.in/downloads/TCIL_Q1_FY25_Earnings_call_transcript.pdf 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Amit J. Parekh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl a/a 
AMIT 
JYOTINDRA 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by AMIT 
JYOTINDRA PAREKH 
Date: 2024.08.09 
17:26:49 +05'30'

 
 
 
Thomas Cook (India) Limited: 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call - August 2, 2024 
Management: 
Mr. Madhavan Menon: Executive Chairman – Thomas Cook (India) Limited    
Mr. Mahesh Iyer: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Thomas Cook (India) Limited   
Mr. Debasis Nandy: President and Group Chief Financial Officer – Thomas Cook (India) Limited   
Mr. Brijesh Modi: Chief Financial Officer – Thomas Cook (India) Limited   
Mr. Vishal Suri: Managing Director – SOTC Limited    
Mr. Vikram Lalvani: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Sterling Holidays Resorts   
Mr. Krishna Kumar: Chief Financial Officer – Sterling Holidays Resorts   
Mr. Ramakrishnan: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – DEI   
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Thomas Cook (India) Limited Q1 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Cirumalla from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Thomas Cook (India) Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. From the company, we have with 
us Mr. Madhavan Menon, Executive Chairman, and the senior management team. We would like to 
begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following which we will have the 
forum open for an interactive Q&A session. I would now like to invite Mr. Madhavan Menon to make 
the initial remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Madhavan Menon: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Let me just introduce the  management 
who will participate in this call. Mahesh Iyer, the MD of Thomas Cook India; Mr. Ramakrishnan, the 
MD of DEI; Mr. Vikram Lalvani, MD of Sterling Holidays Resorts; and Debasis Nandy, the Group CFO. 
I would like to address several issues in today's call, so just bear with me.  

 
 
 
 
First of all, thank you very much for participating in this call. If I look at the results, the consolidated 
profit before tax was INR 107 crores, which is a growth of 17% year-on-year after excluding the 
mark-to-market numbers. You will appreciate that the mark-to-market numbers last year are really 
not comparable anymore because the number of Quess shares that Thomas Cook holds is 
significantly lower this year than it was in the previous year. 
If I look at the total income from operations, it was 11% at a consolidated level, and if I compare 
that to the PBT, it will be very evident the productivity benefits that the company continues to carry 
as well as the benefits of the cash holdings across the group. In terms of travel services, and I'll talk 
briefly about each of our businesses, travel services and foreign exchange had a good quarter. Their 
combined EBIT grew 20% over the previous year. 
As far as Sterling is concerned, I would like to draw your attention to a press release that was 
released to the exchanges this morning, which has a detailed explanation of Sterling's performance. 
However, I will leave it to Vikram to address your questions on that. Having said that, I think I need 
to draw your attention to the fact that Sterling, in essence, is in an investment and expansion mode 
and has been in this state since the previous year.  
Just for the record, if I take the calendar year '24, they have already opened five resorts this year, 
and they are planning to open another eight to ten resorts during the rest of the year. You will 
appreciate that opening a resort has a gestation period. It doesn't mean that you open the doors 
and it will start doing business the very next day. 
I would like to address the last point. If you look at the earnings of the group, it clearly reflects 
diversity both from a business point of view as well as from a geographical point of view. So, in some 
ways, and I'm not justifying the performance of any particular company here, but the ability to 
manage movements in the performance of companies across the group through this diversity is a 
strength that Thomas Cook has carried for a long time and continues to carry. This is the last 
mention: SOTC, celebrating its 75th year, actually had a record profit in this quarter, and they will 
continue to hold for the year. 
Just one more point that comes to mind: If I look at the performance in this quarter, I expect that 
there will be some points that you will have questions on. But I just want to assure you that in terms 
of margins, we have stable margins. I know there have been some concerns about it being flat, but 
I think the correct word is stable. Stability in our margins is something that we will persevere as we 
go forward. With that, I'm going to hand over to Mahesh. 

 
 
 
 
Mahesh Iyer: Thank you, Madhavan, and good morning, everyone. I'll take off from where 
Madhavan left and quickly give you some key highlights before I get into the segments. As Madhavan 
said, income from operations, adjusted for MTM impact, grew 11% to INR 2,132 crores. This growth 
is largely attributable to travel and travel-related services, which grew 15%, led by holidays, where 
the growth was 21%. MICE, adjusted for the government business, you will appreciate the fact that 
last year we had done government businesses during the first half, in fact, actually the whole of the 
year. If I just look at this quarter and specifically if I adjust for that, the growth in the MICE business 
was 31%. India DMS business, which is inbound into India, grew 58%, and overseas DMS grew 26%. 
Consequently, EBITDA margins remained stable and resilient at 7.6% despite headwinds that we 
saw in some of the geographies that impacted certain segments of our businesses. As Madhavan 
said, there were some headwinds in some of our markets. Despite that, we held our margins at 
7.6%. PBT, adjusted for MTM, grew 17% to INR 107 crores, which, as Madhavan rightly said, reflects 
the group's ability to withstand seasonal and external disruptions by the geographical and business 
segment diversification. 
Moving on to the segmental performance, I will first talk about the foreign exchange segment. 
Revenue, albeit while it looks flattish, is important to call out, as I have been mentioning in the 
previous two calls, we had Bangalore Airport that we operated in last year. We ceased operations 
at Bangalore Airport from September of 2023. So, for one more quarter, you're going to see the 
Bangalore Airport revenue sitting in our books, but there was no profitability because it was either 
breakeven or a marginal loss case. So, we exited the Bangalore Airport contract, but that revenue 
sat in the last year. If I exclude that and the higher volumes on Hajj that we did last year, revenue 
actually grew by about 10%. 
If I look at the growth that has come into the revenue, it is primarily coming from the retail volumes 
led by holidays, where the volume grew by 10%, and the student segment by 21%. Gross margins 
for the business improved from 1.35% to 1.5%, an increase of 15 basis points, largely led by the 
retail volumes. Card loads increased by 13% year-on-year, and the incremental float generation was 
INR 210 crores. Distribution footprint for the foreign exchange business expanded by 7 outlets 
during the year, specifically in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets, aligning with our strategy of last-mile 
fulfillment and supporting our digital journey. 
I'm happy to report that our digital adoption at this point in time continues to be at that 21% mark, 
and we'll continue to build scale as we go. As I mentioned the last time around, we introduced VKYC 

 
 
 
 
and TCPay, two pioneering products to the market, and we believe that will give further momentum 
to our digital adoption as we go along.  
EBIT margins improved by 500 basis points, from 47% to 52%. I'll just call out that this is high but 
not necessarily something that we will hold on for the rest of the year. We have guided the market 
to a 40% to 45% range, and I believe that's the range that we will operate for the full year. This time, 
specifically, the expansion in retail margins and some benefits on our card portfolio led to an 
expansion of our EBIT margins, but we remain committed to the 40% to 45% guidance that we have 
given, and we believe that's sustainable in the long term. 
Moving on to the Travel segment, revenue grew by 15%, led by Holidays, where the revenue growth 
was 21%, and MICE at 30%. The 21% growth in Holidays actually came from short-haul, domestic, 
and long-haul, with short-haul leading the pack with a 30% growth, followed by domestic at 21%, 
and long-haul at 13%. Outbound Holidays, as a part of the travel segment, stood at INR 610 crores 
for Q1 FY '25.  
I think there was a question last time around, and we expressed that while if you look at FY '20, the 
total outbound market or the volumes that we did were close to INR 2,400 crores. Currently, in Q1, 
we actually had about INR 600-odd crores. So if I look at it from that perspective, we are at about 
25% of the annualized volume. I believe what we guided the market to be more likely to be closer 
to 100% recovery, plus or minus some vagaries in the environment that may come along. 
At this point in time, our confidence is that we would see a full recovery in the current year. Gross 
margins have improved, specifically on the B2C business, by about 50 basis points, largely 
contributed by the domestic and the short-haul segments. Consequently, EBIT margins improved by 
40 basis points. 
Again, I'll call out here that we guided the market to an expansion of margin. Our medium-term 
estimate is that the margins will go up to close to 4.5% to 5%. We have expanded our margins in the 
current quarter by 40 basis points from 3.45% to 3.85%, and we believe that over the next 4 to 6 
quarters, we should be moving to the 5% range that we have guided the market to. 
If I look at the forward bookings that we currently have, they look fairly strong. We had also 
mentioned in the previous call that the impact of elections will see a longish holiday/summer 
season, and we are witnessing that specifically in our short-haul or domestic volumes forward 
bookings, where they are actually trending double-digit growth. Long-haul is slightly picking up, but 

 
 
 
 
we believe that because it's a longer trend that we're going to see, we are witnessing strong demand 
coming in for the long-haul segment specifically in the winters. 
MICE volumes, adjusted for the government business, grew about 20% Y-o-Y, reflecting the strong 
demand from the corporates for MICE events and indicating the corporates' appetite to spend. We 
managed large groups ranging from 300 to 2,500 people, and our forward bookings on this look very 
strong and indicate close to a double-digit growth at this point in time. 
In Corporate Travel, ticket volumes increased in double digits, and we saw stability in the average 
ticket price. It's important to highlight that input costs have stabilized, whether it is land or airline. 
Despite that, our volumes have grown. So I think that's a good measure to have because the market 
is seeing some amount of normalcy, hence the growth trajectory can be better predicted. 
As mentioned in our previous earnings call, the shift to international is visible. In the current quarter, 
the international volume was close to 52%, which moved up from about 45%. Domestic continues 
to be about 40%, and non-air contributes 8% of our volumes.  
Before I hand over to Debasis, I would like to mention the recent announcement in the budget that 
allows the setup of TCS with TDS. We believe that this will leave a little more cash in the hands of 
the holidaymaker and should allow or help consumer discretionary categories like ours, where 
customers will have more money in their hands to spend. On that note, I'll hand over to Debasis to 
give you a little more lens on the India inbound and the overseas DMS segment. Thank you. 
Debasis Nandy: Thank you, Mahesh. The DMS business in India and internationally had a fine 
performance this quarter. Between the two, the total turnover was INR 607 crores as against INR 
475 crores last year, which is an increment of 28%. Compared to the pre-COVID years, it actually 
grew by 33% over the FY '20 number for the corresponding quarter. The inbound and the DMS 
business together constitute over 36% of sales for the travel segment. 
If I go a little more granular and start talking about the individual countries, the Travel Corporation 
of India, which works on the India DMS segment, reported a growth of about 58% in this quarter. It 
is important to note that the April-June quarter is not a time when foreigners typically come to India, 
but even then, the business has done very well. The upcoming seasons, which starts from late 
October and goes until the end of March or early April, has good order bookings for that period. 
As far as the other territories are concerned, Desert Adventures, which operates in the Middle East, 
reported a steady performance compared to last year despite disruptions caused by weather 

 
 
 
 
conditions, unseasonal rains, and flash floods in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in April. There was also a 
slowdown in Jordan due to disturbances in Israel and Palestine. The U.S. registered very strong 
volume growth in this quarter compared to the previous year. This is the peak summer season for 
the U.S., and the business is expected to deliver very strong results in this quarter as well. 
Moving across to Africa, Private Safari in South Africa was slightly disrupted because of the elections. 
Now that the elections are over, we expect the business to come back strongly. And in case it is 
doing much better than what it was doing last year. In East Africa, particularly Kenya, where we have 
Private Safaris, sales are stable. The volumes are fairly steady in key markets such as the U.S.A., 
Germany, and the U.K. 
In the Asia Pacific region, where we have one of our large units, Asian Trails, this is the unit which 
came back on the recovery path much later than others because the markets opened up fairly late 
last year, but business is doing pretty well. This is, again, not the peak season for inbound in Asia, 
just like in India, but the markets of Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and Singapore have done very well. 
One call out that I need to make. In this quarter, we have to take a provision for a doubtful debt of 
close to about USD 0.5 million between entities in East Africa and in Asian Trails. This was 
necessitated by the sudden declaration of bankruptcy by a large European travel unit called FTI 
which happened to be one of our customers. And while the process of greater settlement, etc the 
resolution process is on we thought it's only prudent that we take this provision for doubtful debt 
at one go. So, the results that you see in this quarter is down by about INR 5 crores on account of 
this alone. So, on that note I would like to hand over to Vikram Lalvani so that he can talk to you 
more about Sterling Holiday Resorts 
Vikram Lalvani: Thanks, Debasis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Vikram Lalvani, 
and I'm the MD and CEO of Sterling Holiday Resorts. I'm joined by my colleague, L. Krishna Kumar, 
who is the CFO. It's a privilege to interact with all of you today. As we've seen, Sterling has delivered 
a Q1 revenue of INR 1,257 million. Despite some temporary headwinds due to the elections in April 
and heat wave conditions in some parts of the country, Sterling has been able to deliver a growth 
of 9% to 10% in its Q1 revenues over the previous year. 
With the addition of two resorts, one in Dehradun and the other in Udaipur during the quarter, I'm 
happy to inform you all that Sterling has now reached its first milestone of 50 resorts, hotels, and 
retreats in India. Just to repeat, about two years ago, we had about 30 resorts, and today we are at 
50. Our presence has been strengthened with this expansion, including six resorts in Rajasthan. Last 

 
 
 
 
year, during the same quarter, we had only one resort in Rajasthan, and now we have six in 
Uttarakhand. 
Over the last 12 months, Sterling has added nine new resorts to its portfolio, and many of these 
resorts are in the ramp phase, with seasonality expected to impact from Q3 onwards of this financial 
year. This includes the five resorts that we opened in the last five to six months, mostly in Rajasthan, 
which are all in the ramp phase. We did witness a temporary headwind in April because of the 
elections. April is a month where we have a large conferencing business, and many of these 
conferencing business blocks have actually moved to the future quarters of this financial year. 
However, we managed to replace this business with individual holidayers during the months of May 
and June. 
With that, our available room nights actually increased by 9%. The occupancy was stable at 69%, 
mainly due to the fact that we have five or six resorts currently in the ramp phase. We had an 
average room rate (ARR) stable at INR 7,100 during the quarter, despite some pressures in 
occupancy, especially in the month of April. However, the growth in non-member room nights by 
12% over last year, coupled with the growth in F&B of about 6% to 7%, resulted in an overall revenue 
growth of 9% to 10%. 
In line with our rapid geographical expansion and a robust pipeline of contracted inventories on an 
asset-right model, the company is also investing in building key talent to cater to this growth. We 
have a total of 20 new resorts in the lineup to be added to our portfolio, which is currently at 50, 
and a growth of 40 over the next 12 to 18 months, or 1,000 keys. These will start coming in phases 
on a monthly basis. We continue to remain debt-free with a healthy cash reserve of about INR 2,000 
million. 
At this point, I would also like to reiterate that Sterling continues its transformation trajectory 
towards hospitality, having completely sunset the acquisition of long-term membership products 
from July 2023. Hence, the brand is growing aggressively using this combination of asset-light and 
low capital-intensive models for its expansion. As mentioned, we have a strong pipeline of 20 resorts 
and over 1,000 keys to be launched progressively in the next 12 to 15 months. 
I would also like to state that we have maintained our profitable streak for 16 consecutive quarters. 
Our EBITDA stands stable and healthy at 34%. I will address two points which reflect the slight drop 
in EBITDA percentage values over the same time last year. First, we have five resorts, all in Udaipur, 
which opened in the last five months and are in the ramp phase. At this point in time, as new hotels 

 
 
 
 
open, especially in highly competitive markets, we have initial costs which hits you directly, but the 
revenue trajectory is upwards. This will become a multiplier in Q3 and Q4. 
Second, with the expansion of almost 20 resorts and 1,000 keys, it was necessary to start investing 
in leadership and manpower in advance, which is what has happened in Q1 of this financial year. 
Just a few other highlights I'd like to mention: 19 of our resorts are ranked number 1 in their 
respective locations on TripAdvisor, and 65% of our resorts are in the top 5. 42 out of our 50 resorts 
are ranked 4.5 and above out of 5 on TripAdvisor. 
Sterling Puri was also awarded the Best Resort for Destination Weddings at the second ET MICE & 
Wedding Tourism Awards 2024. All this is a testament to the growing strength of the Sterling brand 
in the hospitality space. Going forward, we expect the long-term demand to continue to grow in the 
hospitality sector. With many of our new resorts completing the ramp phase, we anticipate a force 
multiplier effect from Q3 and Q4. 
This year is an important year where we will be investing in expanding our portfolio, as that is one 
of the key growth levers for us in the future. We have grown from 30 resorts two and a half years 
ago to 50 resorts today, and we are looking to reach at least 65 resorts as we move forward. It is an 
investment phase in progress, but EBITDA will remain stable and in line with, if not above, the 
hospitality industry average. Thank you so much.  
K S. Ramakrishnan: Good morning. This is Ramakrishnan, I'm the CEO and MD of DEI. I would like 
to take you guys to the quarter and the year. In general, financial year 2025 and quarter 1, in 
particular, is going to be a challenging, unique, but extremely enriching and rewarding year for DEI 
in the long run. The quarter that went through, obviously, our revenue had dropped by about 7% 
from INR 223 crores to INR 207 crores.  
This is predominantly, as Debasis had mentioned again on -- due to the bad weather that affected 
UAE, which is one of our primary markets. and substantial contribution comes from there. That was 
in the month of both May and June. April started and May and then June got a bit better. China also 
was under a cold wave, which also affected some of our revenue up there, albeit with these 2 major 
markets having some drops, our supplementary markets, particularly in Singapore, Malaysia, 
Indonesia, saw some substantial growth about 30% to 35% in revenue. 
The quarter also while comparing with quarter '23 when we compare the quarter-on-quarter last 
year had Korea and Mauritius in operations, which we have discontinued due to non-profitability. A 

 
 
 
 
sizable amount of this revenue also was affected by U.S.A. where we have moved out from non 
profitable businesses and now focusing more on profitable businesses. 
All of this over and above has been quadrupled by the fact that we are right now investing into a 
new technology that's going to go live by the end of this calendar year. And that makes it even more 
challenging because we have double costs going on with our old technology and the new one. But 
that's particularly only for this year. The road ahead is pretty strong and solid for us. We've had new 
businesses nearly about 13-odd partnerships signed for this -- in this quarter alone, which 
tantamount to about roughly about INR35 crores of new business.  
Also, it's also been a very, very unique year, as I mentioned before, because this is a year when more 
than 70% of our total portfolio is under renewal and the good news is more than 91% of that has 
been renewed. So overall, that makes us in a very strong position to face with a new technology 
coming in to maximize everything that comes along. 
So in a nutshell, a lower revenue did impact the gross margins. Direct cost which are more or less 
fixed in nature also had a slight impact, but that's purely because of the quarter having weather and 
stuff that will be under control. Having said that, we have also some technology costs that was 
overlapped. Albeit with all this we are controlling our indirect cost pretty well, and there has been 
a sizable benefit of that, that's offsetting the net impact. 
With that, I can summarize by saying that we've had a fairly good performance from year-to-date 
as of 2024 and our balance 6 months are fairly robust enough to cover up what we've been losing 
on in the interim. Thank you very much. 
Urvashi Butani: Steve, you can open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Shah: Good morning sir.. Thank you for the opportunity. Couple of questions. First, on the 
Travel and related segment. Sir, what was the outbound revenue for the quarter? 
Mahesh Iyer: As I mentioned, that number was INR 610 crores. That's a volume of business that we 
do. And I said in my remarks, because this question had come up last time also on the earnings call. 
FY '20, the outbound specific total volume was close to INR2,400 crores. So we are at about INR610 
crores and that's the 25% reference that I made when I gave my comments to be on the travel 
instances. 

 
 
 
 
Dhaval Shah: Okay, So that means domestic was only around INR 14 crores. Is that math right? If 
the total is INR 1,682 crores and I deduct all the other segments, then you are left with domestic 
revenue somewhere. So what was the domestic revenue? 
Mahesh Iyer: Dhaval, you're missing that out, sorry, I would not do a complete reconciliation here, 
but there are multiple segments. What I made as a reference to is only the outbound, there is 
domestic, there is international DMS. There is India DMS, there is MICE, Corporate Travel. So there 
are multiple segments within the travel. So what I made a reference to is specific to a part of the 
holidays business and specifically outbound, which is international. 
Dhaval Shah: Sorry, I could not hear you say, your voice went blank. Can you repeat? 
Debasis Nandy: Maybe I try and explain that Debasis here.  
Dhaval Shah: Yes, I Could not hear Mahesh. I can hear you now yes. 
Debasis Nandy: No issues on that. See the outbound turnover is INR 610 crores for the quarter. Out 
of the INR1,682 crores, INR 610 crores came from outbound. The balance came from other parts. 
For example, very broadly around INR 600 crores came from the DMS business, India and 
international. MICE contributed INR425 crores and the rest was coming from other parts of the 
business-like corporate ticketing etc,  
One thing that you need to keep in mind as far as corporate travel is concerned,. We are not allowed 
to account for the total volume of the business that we transact. We can only account for the income 
that is generated. So as you know corporate travel operates at within 4% and 5% sort of margin. So 
that's the margin that we actually show in our books as far as the accounting standards, as far SEBI 
results are concerned. Does that answer your question? 
Dhaval Shah: Yes. So what lead I get from your answer is that. the absolute domestic number 
because the domestic travel number is very less, it is only INR14 crores. Correct? 
Debasis Nandy:  Domestic travel number is INR 77 crores. I don't know how you are getting INR 14 
crores. Maybe we should interact more later on because I'm not sure how you're getting this math. 
Dhaval Shah: Yes. No problem, I'll connect with you offline. And on the outbound, we are at INR610 
crores. And given Q1 is the peak season for us, is there enough visibility for us to reach our pre-
COVID number? 

 
 
 
 
Mahesh Iyer: Dhaval, I think, I've mentioned this, and I'll repeat this again. If you look at our volume 
growth or revenue growth, we grew by about 21% on the holiday side. And within this 21% large 
amount of growth or close to 30% growth actually came from the short haul and the domestic 
segment. So the growth on the short haul and domestic has been much larger. Long haul has been 
a little tepid. I mean, we've grown at about 14%, 15% on the long-haul side. And there are multiple 
reasons. And as we alluded to the same one last time around, we saw the impact of elections. There 
are warmer summers in Europe. 
So people have either taken a decision to postpone or maybe moved to other destinations or rather 
short haul destinations. That's a trend we are witnessing. So I think the entire playbook around long 
haul may get rewritten as we complete the current season. And also to mention here, if I look at my 
forward booking, getting into the next 2 quarters, it actually reflects that the long-haul side will 
move more towards the winter and the short haul and others still continue to run in the September 
quarter. So that's the kind of growth rate that we're seeing. And we believe that we should be closer 
to the FY '20 numbers as far as the overall holiday portfolio is concerned. 
I think there will be some change in the mix, but the overall portfolio, we remain confident that we 
should get closer to that number in the current year. Okay. 
Dhaval Shah: And sir on the forex side why has there been no growth? I understand the two reasons 
which are mentioned. So one is the Hajj movement. So does it mean that last year and this year, the 
number of Indians going for Hajj is less or something and the second is that the Bangalore 
International Airport operations, we have shut down. But at the same time, we have given several 
press release with regards to opening new outlets in several cities. So those new outlets, the number 
is far higher compared to one shop which we have shut down at Bangalore International Airport.  
So I can't understand that why the revenue is flat. And at the same time, our travel business has 
grown. So anyway, people who go for tour with Thomas Cook, they should ideally be buying the 
forex out of Thomas Cook. So can you just explain this flat number of forex revenue? 
Mahesh Iyer: Let me try and give a perspective to it, Dhaval. First and foremost, if you compare last 
year to this year, it's looking flattish. And the specific reason for it are the 2 that you mentioned first 
is the impact of BIAL. In terms of revenue recognition, we only recognized the gross margins or the 
gross revenue that we make here. That number is close to INR 5 crores. Last year, that INR 5 crores 
does not sit in the current year. So that's the top line. But if you look at the profitability, which is 
defined as EBIT, actually, it has grown by 9%. 

 
 
 
 
So which means it only says that INR 5 crores that sat in the revenue is getting compensated by 
some other segment that grew and that growth has come from the retail segment. And in the retail 
segment, there's digital, there is the prepaid card and the new stores that we have opened. The 
other impact is on account of Hajj. Last year, we did close to about INR400-odd crores of volume on 
the Hajj. This year, the volume was close to about INR 300 crores. This is also the lower number of 
people that have been allocated. You will understand, it's a subsidy that the government gives for 
these travel and the number of passengers allocated this year was much lower. So that impact sits 
in the current quarter, but it's also important to highlight here. And this we have been talking for 
multiple quarters now.  
The FX business has transcended into a model which is more prepaid card driven. Currently close to 
about 30% of my portfolio is on the prepaid card on the retail side. And on the corporate side, it's 
still higher, it's close to 80%, 85%. Now when you look at it float becomes an important element of 
this business, the interest that I get on these floats necessarily do not sit at the EBIT level. So if I add 
a delta between what I got last year to what I see this time, the incremental amount is double. That's 
roughly about INR 6 crores. So if I add INR 6 crores to that revenue, you will actually see that my 
profitability has grown close to 20%. 
So that's in reality the reconciliation as to why you see the numbers like this. I will reassure you here 
that business is growing, the growth both in terms of segments within retail, which is holiday grew 
by about 10%, the student market continues to grow at about 21%, prepaid portfolio grew at 13% 
and volumes and the attachment rates  are actually going up. 
Dhaval Shah: Got it. Also from getting a perspective on this year and next year, like in several of our 
past conversations, what we understood is that financial services, we should assume 10%, 12%, 15% 
kind of growth. So now if you see last 3 quarters, the forex business, on a year-on-year basis has not 
grown. So now how should we understand the revenue and EBIT growth for next 2 years? What is 
the nature of this business? 
Mahesh Iyer: So Dhaval, I think you should keep your eyes to the profitability in this business, which 
is EBIT. And obviously, part of that sits in other revenue, which is the interest income for this 
business. I think the profitability of the business will continue to grow. I also mentioned the 
expansion in margins that happened. If you look at the EBIT margins, they have expanded from close 
to 44%, 45% to about 52%. That's an exception that in that sense. We have guided the market to 
more like 45%. 

 
 
 
 
From a revenue point of view, I'll still guide the market to a 10%- 12% growth on the forex revenue 
side. You have to adjust for onetime events that happen. I mean having said that, Bangalore Airport 
went out last September 2023. I'm also making a mention here that we've got the contract again, 
albeit we're going to share it with somebody else, but that income will come when the airport 
operations get operationalized which we expect will be Q3 of FY '25. So some of these vagaries in 
business will keep happening.  
Our existing investment and distributions have actually started to play and you must appreciate the 
fact that in forex, most of the new locations that we opened either breakeven or make money in 
the first year itself. 
Dhaval Shah: Got it. And sir last question. Sir, we are hearing that Fairfax is bidding for IDBI in the 
newspaper. Is there a possibility that there could be an OFS to fund some of the acquisition money 
required? 
Madhavan Menon: Dhaval first of all we don't comment on rumors or speculation. This is entirely 
in the realm of speculation. So I don't think we're even going to answer your question. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. No problem sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sir, my first question was on the long-haul recovery. So in the seasonally strong 
quarter of Q1, I understand there were elections, people travelled less and the environment was 
soft in terms of demand. But you've indicated that this Q1 season is somewhat getting pushed to 
July, August as well. So can you just throw some light on the current quarter in terms of bookings 
and the reasonable assumption that you're making for the full year for a full recovery, should it be 
from the Q2 or we are banking on the winter demand only? 
Mahesh Iyer: Deepak. Again, Mahesh. If you look at the long-haul recovery, as I said, we will see a 
total long-haul recovery as far as the overall holiday portfolio is concerned, but there will be a 
change in the mix. As we see the trend, the long haul is a little softer. While they are growing double 
digits, but they are in the early teens. Whereas if you look at the short haul and domestic, they are 
actually growing in high double digits.  
And obviously, reasons are quite obvious, if you look at the short-haul destinations, people are 
preferring visa-free, easy visa destinations which they can hop on tomorrow and get onto a flight 

 
 
 
 
and go without having to worry about how easily they can get the visa. On the long-haul side, getting 
a Schengen Visa is still a problem. I'm not saying the rejection rates are high or any of that sort, but 
people have to wait through. While there was an announcement to say the visa for a 2-year, 3-year 
and 5-year regime is going to come, but I think all of them will take some time to play out. It just 
happened in the beginning of April. So it's going to take some time to play out. In the U.S., there is 
still a wait period for the visas to come. So I think we expect the recovery on the long haul to come. 
There will be growth on the long haul. Will it match what it did in FY '20? I'm a little too early to 
predict that. We've seen a little softness on the long-haul side. But I think, it will be well 
compensated by the short-haul and the domestic side of the business. 
So overall, at a portfolio level, we definitely will be closer to what we did in FY '20. It's also important 
to note that if you look at our margin, the short haul and the domestic will be a better margin yield 
for us. And the expansion that you saw even in the current quarter where we moved from 3.4% to 
3.8% is led by the increased volume and value, both on the domestic and the short-haul side. So I 
think it does work in our favor. But yes, clearly, we don't want to be not present in that market. So 
yes, that's the way we look at it. 
Deepak Lalwani: Okay. Understood. And sir, coming to the Sterling business. Again, you had a 
similar phenomenon in terms of occupancy because of election and heat wave, but an additional 
reason cited there was the muted wedding sales and the conferencing business. So can you please 
indicate what's the share of wedding-related business and the conferencing business in that 
revenue piece? 
Vikram Lalvani: So let me just elaborate on both these aspects. For example, last year, in April, I'm 
talking about the conferencing business right now. We did approximately about 15,000 room nights 
on conferencing. And this year it dropped by 15% to approximately about 12,000 mainly in April, 
that's when you have the capacities to take on conferencing. Most of the companies are starting 
new financial years.  
So that's why we tend to do the meetings in the month of April, which actually did impact by about 
15% because of the impact of elections. Tamil Nadu went for election on April 19 and it was a very 
highly phased out election. But we managed to substitute that with individual FIT holiday goers 
because of the summer season having kicked in and we leveraged our portfolio in the hills for that. 
That's number one, in terms of meetings and conferences. 

 
 
 
 
Number two, in terms of wedding. Wedding, let me tell you, two parts to it. Last year, in quarter 1, 
we had 23 Saya dates or auspicious dates. This year, we had only 3. Last year, we did a total wedding 
share of business of approximately INR 2 crores. And this year, we had approximately only INR 50 
lakhs. So that is the drop that has happened in the wedding business. Now, having said that, a large 
portion of my portfolio has been ramped up in Rajasthan, which was not there last year in quarter 
1. In Rajasthan, we had 5 new resorts in Rajasthan in quarter 1 this year, which was not there in 
quarter 1 last year. Rajasthan is a huge market for weddings, especially Udaipur, Pushkar. They are 
huge markets for weddings. So therefore that also slowed down our ramp in Rajasthan. So we were 
expecting a wedding business to actually be far bigger in terms of a pie because of the expansion in 
Rajasthan.  
But having said that, let me tell you that the Saya days actually in Q3 and Q4, I am giving you the 
positive now. In Q3 and Q4 is up by 12 days over last year. Last year was about 41 days of the Saya 
wedding days and this time it's about 41 plus 12. So therefore many of them are actually coming in 
Q3 and Q4. And by then, we would complete the ramp phase in Udaipur as well. So which is where 
our wedding market is expanding. And that's why Rajasthan was actually critical for us. So this is 
how the wedding and the MICE business actually played out in quarter 1 when compared to what it 
was earlier.  
In terms of the component of business MICE I said, is about 40% of our overall room revenues comes 
actually from meetings and conferences. So that portion declined, but we managed to substitute 
that. But in the weddings which got affected in Rajasthan, especially, so that's where the ramp was 
slower in Rajasthan in Quarter 1. I hope I answered your question Deepak. 
Deepak Lalwani: Yes, sir, I had another question in Sterling. So the Wedding and this Conferencing 
business, which is 40% of your revenue piece. So is that sort of getting shifted to the next few 
quarters? Or is that a business which possibly won't come back? And the second part question is on 
the margin guide because you are ramping up and putting up a lot of inventory, the expectation that 
we should have in terms of margins because we are at ramping up stage. Should be on the lower 
side Y-o-Y? So these are the 2 questions. 
Vikram Lalvani: Okay. So, the first question. Now there are some companies, especially in the 
pharma sector, they have pushed it out. They do come back in Q3, they will come back in Q3. But 
having said that, in Q2, Q3, and Q4, we would even generate new MICE business. So that component 

 
 
 
 
overall, from your perspective, should not get impacted. In fact, we see expanded inventory, it could 
infact grow. 
So while the share of the pie would be about 35% to 40%, but the overall quantum wise, it will grow 
in the subsequent quarters because of the fact that even our inventory size is growing, number one. 
So that's a big growth driver. Yes. Sorry, your second question was on -- if I remember... 
Deepak Lalwani: On the overall margins for the Sterling business. 
Vikram Lalvani: Okay. So yes, as I said, we are, in fact, expanding our portfolio. And in fact, we're 
expanding it almost 40% of what it is today. But having said that, yes, you will have -- so I'm 
considering this year as an investment year, but I we will still hold the EBITDA margins between 33% 
to 37% through the entire period, irrespective of these ramps that's happening, and that's a very, 
very healthy stable EBITDA. I would say that impact that probably in line, if not ahead of many of 
the other hospitality brands business. 
Deepak Lalwani: Okay. Understood. And sir my last question was to the CFO sir what should be the 
tax rate that we should assume for the full year?  
Debasis Nandy: Yes. So I think going forward we can consider a tax rate of about 30% for the group. 
Obviously, different units have a different rates of tax. But as you've seen all the units are now 
started coming back into profitability. So the taxes that overall will start rising. So you can take it 
about 30% from now on. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sure sir. Sir because in the previous quarter we had clearly indicated that our tax 
rate should be around 22%, which we did in the full year of FY '24. So what has led to this increase 
in tax rate? And I was assuming that we had tax losses in the DMS entities and in the Sterling 
business. So this sharp increase in tax rate for this year was sort of surprising  
Debasis Nandy: Okay., maybe we are not very clear at that point of time. 22% obviously is not a 
sustainable rate of tax even that the rate of tax in India is minimum of 25% which is there for some 
of the companies and Thomas Cook is still the old regime because it's got MAT credits etcetera 
which need to be utilized over the next couple of years. So 22% is not sustainable.  
In addition, of course, you all know that the companies in Dubai have started paying tax from this 
financial year, actually from July onwards. Although it is a low rate of tax it does eat into the overall 
price. In addition, as far as Sterling is concerned Sterling we are probably looking only at the deferred 
tax asset part of it. There are two parts to this. One part, of course, is a deferred tax asset which has 

 
 
 
 
created on losses which is getting eaten away as the company makes more and more profits which 
is actually a very good thing.  
But there are also what we call deferred tax liabilities which is created on two things, on the 
valuation of the land that Sterling has and you know that it has substantial amount of land and that 
as a practice we revalue that every 3 years and every time we do that our deferred tax liability also 
goes up. There is a technical part in this. It's a deferred tax liability on the difference in depreciation 
between the companies Act  rate and income tax rate.  
Now might sound complicated, but the long and short of it is that the deferred tax liabilities have 
started growing, okay? The deferred tax assets are shrinking. And therefore, the differences 
between the 2, which is about INR6.5 crores this quarter has come and hit the PAT line. But it should 
not be a concern because growth in PBT is what we aim for. Tax is something that the finance 
minister decides, we don't decide. I think we should target the growth in the PBT, the PAT would 
happen. If the growth in PBT happens, the PAT will also happen. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sure. And the second I wanted to clarify from you is that the last year in Q3, you 
had a one-off other income, right? So can you just quantify that and what was it relating to and any 
possibility of it repeating again? 
Debasis Nandy: I can't off hand recall that what you are referring to, but let connect offline because 
last year Q3 is a long way,  anything more than 3 months is nowadays gets irrelevant. So anyway 
we'll talk about it. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sure.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: Thank you for taking my question. Few questions from my side. On your forex 
business apart from the retail and wholesale mix what is the reason behind such volatility in margins, 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Mahesh Iyer: So I think that there's no other specific reason for volatility in margins because what 
happens is we look at in April, June quarter, and I think a reference was made by the previous 
participant, where he asked this about the peak travel season. So when you are in a peak travel 
season, your retail volumes will actually go up and your wholesale volumes will come down. And 

 
 
 
 
when your retail actually goes up, the margins on the retail are higher as compared to margins on 
the wholesale, typically the wholesale margins are 1/3 of what we do on the retail side. 
So higher retail margin will drop down straight to the EBIT margins, and that's exactly what is 
happening because there are no incremental costs that we are associating with that because the 
factory is created, capacity is there. We're just running the volume through it. 
Prolin Nandu: Sure. So that would be the only reason, right? Nothing else? 
Mahesh Iyer: Yes. 
Prolin Nandu: Yes. And sir, second question is on Travel, the second segment. Now I'll tell you where 
the confusion is coming from most of the participants. If you look at your last year's Q1 FY '24 
presentation, there's the segment breakup is based on growth and there you also include domestic, 
for example, right? So I mean, my suggestion would be, could you be please consistent with the 
subsegment in terms of either growth or breakup when you probably see the press release because 
in last press release there is a mention of domestic holiday in Q1 last year's presentation, which is 
not there also. So that makes a comparison challenging for us. So that's one suggestion. 
But Mahesh, on the part of the outbound travel, right? I mean, forget about long haul and short 
haul, right, because there's a lot of confusion there, you mentioned you reached INR610 crores, and 
you are aiming for INR2,400 crores, right, which is the FY '20 number. Now obviously, if I look at the 
outbound travel and the seasonality there, at least 43% to 45% of your annual outbound travel used 
to be contributed by first quarter. And this is in FY '19 and FY '20 numbers that I'm looking at. 
So this time, when you said that you are already there at 25%. Is there a change in seasonality that 
we are witnessing? Is that the case? 
Mahesh Iyer: Prolin, as we mentioned, we've actually started to see that, which is what I said in my 
remarks also, one impact of election, severe summers in Europe and stuff like that has impacted, 
and we are seeing a longish kind of a trend for people to travel. Also what's happening is we're not 
only just focused on long-haul. We are also talking that the short-haul growth is much faster. We 
are actually seeing the short-haul. That also sits on the international holiday side a bit. That portfolio 
is growing at 30%. 
So what is happening is there's a shift that is happening, and we also make better margins on the 
short-haul side of it. So I'll qualify here, we're saying that the overall volumes on international will 
mirror closer to what we saw in FY 2020. And the mix within that may change between long-haul 

 
 
 
 
and short-haul. The recovery on short-haul or the growth on short-haul will be much faster, much 
bigger as compared to long-haul. It's also important to highlight here that when you look at input 
costs between 2020 and 2025, they are very different, input costs have gone up. 
From a volume catch-up point of view, which is a number of passengers, that one unit of 
measurement tool we still have a long way to go. So there is so much more in the market for us to 
do. Currently, we are well be talking at a value perspective. And I think the value has actually gone 
up. So, we are quite optimistic that we should be very close to the 2020 numbers. 
Prolin Nandu: Okay. So again, 2020 number is INR2,400 crores. Am I correct? That number we 
should be close to, right? 
Mahesh Iyer: Correct. 
Prolin Nandu: Okay. Right. And so my understanding was that long-haul is more profitable. Is that 
not the case? Short-haul is more profitable than long-haul? 
Mahesh Iyer: Well, let's put it this way, both of them run at a gross margin range between 14% to 
16%. But again, what happens is if you look at the short-haul, we got the benefit. There was a lot of 
demand coming in. We operated charters, we had demand coming from a new geography like Japan, 
where our volumes actually grew 2x.  
So sometimes when there is demand and people are all moving in one direction, you will appreciate 
that during the pandemic Maldives was a sought after place. And it was selling at a premium. Maybe 
that's not the case today. So yes, when the market and the going is good, you also get an opportunity 
to see some margins. So we are seeing better realization this time around on the short-haul and on 
the domestic also. But yes, more or less, you can take the point that the business operates at about 
a 15% gross margin. 
Prolin Nandu: But before this short-term thing, long-haul used to be more profitable, right? When 
we used to do the INR2,400 crores somewhere? 
Mahesh Iyer: Not from a Margin perspective, long-haul from a share size perspective because if you 
multiply the margin with the volumes that we do on the long-haul, that will look like a larger chunk 
of our revenue, as compared to short-haul or domestic. 
Prolin Nandu: Okay. So no, I'm talking about percentage margins, but let's leave it at that... 
Mahesh Iyer: Nothing much to choose between the 2. 

 
 
 
 
Prolin Nandu: Right. Okay. Understood. Now lastly, on your Sterling business, right? Again, I'm a bit 
confused on your calling out that you opened 5 resorts in the last 5 months. Now if I do a quarter-
to-quarter comparison, last year also in Q1, you opened 2 resorts, right, Shimla and Panchgani. So 
is there something specific in terms of the teams of the keys that we added or the average capex 
that we have done for these 2 resorts that we are adding with this quarter, which is higher than the 
average that we spend on any resort which is creating a drag or is there something else? Because 
we have been opening these 2, 3 resorts in a quarter every time most of the years. So anything 
specific that you want to call out that is different in this quarter versus in the past quarter? 
Vikram Lalvani: Okay. Let me clarify that, as and when we are growing our portfolio. I mentioned 
this earlier, and I'll mention this again, as a first step from an intent point of view because, one, this 
is a growth lever for us. Number two, if you see even during the period of COVID what actually put 
a lot of risk on the company, was that the company was highly dependent on only one season which 
was the summer season where almost 40% or 50% of its revenues would come only from those 2 or 
3 months. 
And when COVID hits during those 2 or 3 months it in fact impacted the entire company for the 
year. So from a strategic standpoint we needed to derisk our presence only in the hills and start 
widening our presence across various holiday types. So that was the intent. Number three, the focus 
of expansion has always been using an asset-right model. And no capex model or a low capex model. 
So while we have our own lands as well, we have yet not taken our decision as to when we are going 
to use capex to build our routes. So therefore, what we are doing is we are actually partnering the 
expansion that's happening with various owners. Now the partnership can happen in 2 parts. 
Number one, it can happen in form, I will define it very simple. What is your P&L-related hotels? 
And what is your commission-related hotels? When you're going in for a management contract, 
typically, these are commission-related hotels. That means based on the top line and the bottom 
line results of that particular hotel, , Sterling is in charge of the operation of the hotel. 
Sterling is responsible for business into that hotel, but the P&L is in the owners' books. So we are 
managing the entire property for the owner. So in that case, our capex is completely zero. The owner 
build the inventory for us and as per  our specs, what does Sterling get out of it is the Sterlings makes 
a certain percentage at the top line or in percentage of the bottom line. So that's one. 
Number two is, the second model is the P&L-related model. The P&L-related model is where you're 
building your own inventory, your own capex. That's something that we've not got into it  yet. 

 
 
 
 
Number two, it could be on a small fixed lease or it could be on a variable lease which is a revenue 
share. In both these cases, the P&L is in your books. 
So having said that, we've been incrementally adding resorts into our portfolio, depending on 2 
things. One is the destination and the importance of the destination. And number two, when the 
project is also complete, when the project starts getting complete is where the room start coming 
into our pace. Now in terms of number of keys, for example, when we started off last year, as we 
had indicated, we were approximately 2,100 keys. 
Now today, after all the expansion that we've done 8 or 9 resort, we are currently above 2,700 keys. 
So to that extent, in terms of number of keys has gone up. In terms of number of resorts, it's gone 
up to 50, in terms of number of destinations that we have presented is now 45, in terms of the 
portfolio that we have, we have a far wider spread holiday-type portfolio. Apart from hills, beaches, 
river sites, heritage, culture and pilgramage and jungles as well which is where we also have become 
very strong.  
So what has happened is over a period of this 2- 2.5 years and incrementally we are adding it on 
every quarter is to expand our portfolio and is to derisk our portfolio for being very present and very 
strong only in one holiday type and not present in any other holiday type. I'll give you another 
example of Rajasthan, when are focused on expansion, we've being a key leisure hospitality player. 
We could not not-be present in that and Rajasthan is a big market for weddings and etc.  
So therefore there is a conscious effort to actually build your destination with presence in various 
states which have a very strong leisure component of business. So therefore we had 1 resort of 
Rajasthan probably a year ago exactly and now today we have 6. Our next focus of expansion is 
Karnataka. So we're going to be launching Badami very soon. That's on a managed model. We will 
be launching Sakleshpur very soon. So we are going area by area and actually strengthening our 
presence based on where the potential is and based on where the market demand we could actually 
drive it there. Does that answer your question? 
Prolin Nandu: Actually, it does not, but I'll take that offline, right? So let me ask the second question 
again on the Sterling business. Now food and beverage has grown at a slower pace than your overall 
top line revenue as well. And I remember you had mentioned in the past calls that you have got the 
bar license only in the last 1 year, right? And sometimes you have been applying a few places and 
then got the bar license there.  

 
 
 
 
Now in terms of your FY '24 revenue, it was close to 15% of overall revenue, right, food and 
beverage, 14.8% to be precise. And we know that this is a high margin kind of business, right, versus 
an overall business margin. So where should we look, what proportion of our overall revenue will 
eventually come from food and beverage? And why is it a lower growth and even the top line growth 
right in this quarter? 
Vikram Lalvani: Okay. Let me just clarify one thing. See, food and beverage in terms of margins, 
what actually drives the profitability in our Resort business, frankly, is the room revenue. Because 
the fixed costs are sunk in there, but the marginal cost of selling an incremental room is not that 
high. In terms of food and beverage, they are actually the typical direct gross margins should be 
about 60%, but if you have to take the direct or the indirect cost to it like salary wages, heat light 
power etc it would be in the range of 20% to 25% in terms of margins. 
So therefore rooms will drive the overall margin to a large extent. Number two, food and beverage 
is a critical component especially in the leisure business. You're absolutely right on that. The total 
contribution on food and beverage if you say in a base of 100, food and beverage is 25%. Is there an 
opportunity to increase that size of the pie? Absolutely, there's an increase  to the size of the pie. 
Also, let me tell you that weddings is a large component that actually drive revenue and we had a 
muted wedding season this this quarter. So typically, we grew 6% with, as I said, 5 or 6 hotels 
ramping up, if I had to eliminate those 5 or 6 hotels, we've actually grown at 11% to 12%. Is there 
an opportunity there? Yes, there is further opportunity there. And hence, the way we actually 
approach it food and beverage business is more towards an experience kind of food and beverage 
business those margins will eventually be higher. So there were lot of work is going on in that aspect 
and it is a critical component, but rooms is the ones that drives the GOP. 
Prolin Nandu: Sure. So when do you target that 20% of overall revenue should it be in a year's time 
or 2 years' time because we are at 15% right now? 
Debasis Nandy: I'm sorry, but I think there are a lot of questions still pending we have a long list and 
we have hard stop at 12:30. In the interest of time, may I request that each person ask only one 
question because otherwise I think a lot of people will not get a chance to ask any question? 
And any questions that you may have we can always come back to you or rather you can order come 
back to us Prolin and we can answer you. I'm doing this in the interest of time. Thank you very much. 
Prolin Nandu: All the best. Thank you.  

 
 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Nayyar: So just one bit on the forex first, I mean, Mahesh can update us on the RBI 
discussion paper which talked about the consolidation of money changers and allowing you guys to 
do business transactions. So what's the update on that? 
Mahesh Iyer: Nothing, Himanshu. We haven't heard anything back from the regulator. I think it's 
still work in progress. We believe from some of the other circulars that have come out, I think there 
is a method in the madness I would say, but very difficult to call out at this point as to how the 
regulator is thinking about it. But active discussions are happening. We have participated in some 
conversations with them. But no concrete policy decision has been made on this at this point in 
time. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Understood. And just one small bit, if I may. I mean, any thoughts on which the 
management has deliberated on your capital allocation plans in the medium term, given the limited 
capex requirement that we have and the increasing amount of cash that is now expected to be there 
on the books going forward next couple of years? 
Mahesh Iyer: So Himanshu, as we've said, our cash is not completely fungible in that sense because 
this is also the funds coming from BPC, yes. So the free on that book will be roughly about INR250 
crores INR300 crores that we have. And clearly, we've been guiding this and we're beating this again. 
currently, we are focused on keeping the cash on the balance sheet. Business is coming back 
stabilizing.  
We've been saving in last 4 or 5 quarters of good profitability and we continue to build on it. At this 
point in time, there are no active conversations, no plans on any capital allocation at this point in 
time. As and when we are ready for any conversation markets will be informed about it.  
Himanshu Nayyar: Understood. I will jump back in the queue. Thanks for this.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Jigar Jani: Just one question on the domestic leisure segment, if I look at the numbers for FY '20, I 
think full year, we said about INR110 crores in this quarter itself we are at about INR77 crores if I 
heard correctly. So do you foresee that there will be a considerable contribution from domestic in 
the overall recovery because if you're looking at FY '25, we are saying outbound at INR2,400 crores 

 
 
 
 
full recovery and we have already done INR74 crores in the domestic this is in first quarter. Do we 
expect second half to be significantly stronger for the leisure segment overall? 
Mahesh Iyer: So Jigar as I said our growth on the domestic side even in the quarter that went by has 
been very strong. Our forward bookings also reflect similar trends. You must appreciate the fact that 
in the domestic the conversion cycle is much shorter. People make decisions very quickly. So clearly, 
the trend is very positive. Well, there will be events that will impact like a rain or a natural calamity 
happening either in Uttarakhand or maybe for that matter Kerala. We'll see if some of the impact in 
the short to medium run. But clearly, there is a lot of demand that's coming. And I think the 
government has also announced a series of measures in the budget, which focuses on pilgrimage 
and spiritual tourism. 
So I think domestic as a market is likely to grow, and we are seeing that growth even in our portfolio. 
And we believe the double-digit growth on this business is here to stay. It will trend obviously much 
higher than what we did in FY 2020. And as I said, there will be a shift in pockets. The mix of the 
business will change. Short-haul and Domestic will become larger or rather will start playing a larger 
-- will be a larger part of the pie as compared to long-haul, and that's the changing trend of the 
business. 
Jigar Jani: Right. And just to follow up very quickly. When you say 100% recovery you guide for the 
entire leisure segment as a whole or just for outbound? 
Mahesh Iyer: We're talking about the overall holiday business. So we look at short-haul, long-haul 
and domestic. This is the overall portfolio that we're looking at. So we expect and honestly, to be 
frank look we don't want to dissect this because at the end of the day the customer is a holiday 
seeker and that's how we look at it. We are experienced providers whether he's coming from a 
domestic, short-haul or long haul, we want to give a great experience and come back and repeat 
that holiday with us, that's what we are focused on. 
Jigar Jani: Sure. And just two very quick bookkeeping questions the FTI impact... 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you sir. Could you please fall back in the question queue for 
further questions.  
Jigar Jani: No worries. Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mayur from Wealth Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mayur: Hello. Am I audible? 

 
 
 
 
Moderator: Yes Mayur go ahead. 
Mayur: Thank you for taking my question. A little longish commentary before I go to the question 
and my sincere apologies if this is a question not to be asked on the concall, but it's a little strategic 
question. I hope some color on that. The company is quite diversified in terms of various segments 
within that, each segment has got various levers, various aspects, whether it is travel whether it is 
forex, whether it is Sterling even in each of them, and we as analysts and fund managers are 
continuously focusing on the subsegments and segments and quarterly movements. 
I wanted to understand how does the management look at your overall strategic intent in terms of 
the overall travel and tourism space for the company? And can you guide us for instead of yearly, 
can you tell us what is the 3- to 5-year vision from an overall perspective because if we get lost into 
the -- in some quarters, something is moving in some quarters, something else is moving.  
So in terms of overall where do we stand in 3- to 5-year vision? And does the management look at 
as the company has an integrated play or is it also looking at various sub segments I understand 
accounting and legal aspects of risk and how do you do the segmentation. But at a strategic level do 
you see as an integrated play and that is what you should encourage us to see and how do you see 
that 3 to 5 years? That's it. 
Madhavan Menon: Okay. I think let me try and take a stand that and then I'll get Mahesh to come 
in. I think the vision very clearly is to, while we have diversified businesses, we clearly see 
overlapping opportunities across businesses. And when I say across businesses, essentially, it is to 
focus on -- if I use the example of holidays and foreign exchange. Clearly, there is an opportunity for 
the foreign exchange business, as the Holiday business grows. 
Now be it short -- what we call short international travel, let me just classify that as international 
travel. If we look at Sterling Holiday resorts, an expansion that they undertake. It represents an 
opportunity to both Thomas Cook and SOTC as far as their domestic holiday business goes. If I look 
at the destination management businesses, then the outbound businesses out of India as well as 
the MICE businesses out of India, clearly offer an opportunity for our destination management 
businesses to integrate that business. 
While we don't come out and set targets for each of these businesses to integrate with each other. 
The reality is that is the priority. That is what we are continuously driving. Now it may not be evident 

 
 
 
 
from the data that we shared with you for various reasons. The reality is, it is the  business needs to 
be integrated as far as possible while maintaining alignment with the laws in terms of arm's length.  
And you'll appreciate that we are governed by laws, and we have to therefore protect that. We have 
ensured that each business that is going to provide a service to another business within the company 
has got a first right of refusal if it believes that the margins do not meet their requirements. So there 
are multiple movements that happen at a strategic level, but that is our focus area. 
Obviously, there are markets where we don't have our own group companies. But again, here, we 
will try and see how, for example, Thomas Cook and SOTC. The integration of the back end was to 
give us the benefit of purchasing. The integration of the back end was to give us greater benefits as 
far as hotels as well as transport is concerned because we push our entire volume through identical 
hotels. We use coaches that carry customers. 
So there is this constant process that is going on, and each of the MDs are focused on how they 
work with each other. Again, Sterling, if you look at it, as Sterling has expanded its footprint around 
the country, both Thomas Cook and SOTC had been trying to do more and more room nights through 
the Sterling business. And this will continue. Now it has taken us time primarily because each is a 
profit center by itself, and therefore, they need to look after their interest while simultaneously 
trying to align themselves across our business. Mahesh, you want to add? 
Mahesh Iyer: I think Madhavan you covered it all. I think it's just an additional point I'll mention 
here is that, look, in the 3- to 5-year horizon, we are an experience provider, we are not component 
sellers. Our focus will remain on package holidays and creating that memorable experience for the 
customer. And that core is never going to change. We'll remain true to that. 
Mayur: Sir, we are very used to having tangible targets as our benchmark anything for 3 to 5 years 
yes? 
Madhavan Menon: Sorry, we can't give you guidance on that. That's the policy of the group. I'm 
unable to give you guidance that far out. But if you do want to interact with us both at a group level 
or a unit level and get a further in-depth understanding, we'd be glad to give it to you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Andrey Purushottam from Cogito 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Andrey Purushottam: Now what has happened is that I see some parts of the business doing well, 
other parts of the business doing relatively poorer. So in the travel and business, for example, you've 

 
 
 
 
highlighted several destinations that have grown by more than 26%, but there must have been 
destinations also that have grown much less than that because your overall is 15%. When your Digi 
business degrew, your foreign exchange business was flat. So we are going through a transitional 
phase with some of the business are pulling northwards and some are pulling southwards? 
And do you see a change in the climate that all the businesses will move in a fashion that actually 
gives a mix for much higher growth rate overall? So this is somewhat related to the question that 
was previously asked from the previous participant, where we can look for growth which are much 
higher than what we've achieved in the recent past. 
And are there some underlying trends such as use of the unblocking of long-haul, the long-haul 
opportunity or any other opportunities that you see in terms of key mega trends relevance on your 
business that might enable that process of much higher growth than what you've achieved right 
now? 
Debasis Nandy: Okay. Thank you for the question. I'll try to answer this question. So I think probably 
you're only reading a little too much into one quarter event. As you know our business is highly 
seasonal and we have always mentioned that, that one quarter doesn't make or break the business. 
If we need to look at it as a 12-month period to get the right--business in a seasonality in place. 
That's number one. 
As far as some businesses is going northwards and some business is going southwards. I do not see 
any business is growing southwards at all. As probably you're referring to Sterling when you say our 
business is going southwards, but as I think Vikram time and again explained during the last 1 hour 
or so that he is in the investment phase. First of all the business has got impacted because of certain 
climate conditions and elections and things like that. 
And the other thing which is the bigger thing is that he is an investment phase. This is the investment 
year where the results will be preparing for the next year because it will get impacted by that. 
However, once this investment phase is over, the benefits of that will obviously come into play.. As 
far as your question on some destinations yes some destinations show 20% growth and there are 
destinations that don't, say, for example, the easiest example, which all of us know about is 
Maldives. 
We have in the last 3 years or so post COVID, Maldives has drawn exceptional number of people. It 
has been all over the front pages, but this year post one particular incident the traffic has virtually 

 
 
 
 
gone down to zero, not completely but virtually zero. If I take the Middle East the weather conditions 
this year both in the first quarter as well as -- rather both in the Jan-March quarter as well as the 
April-June quarter have stopped people or sort of people have stopped going there or reduced their 
trips there because the weather conditions have not been favorable. People have been affected by 
that and so there is a drop and therefore the rise that you've seen in some destinations probably 
also because of the fall in other destinations. 
As an example of this is Vietnam. You see a huge growth in Vietnam, this year. And obviously, as I 
explained to somebody else like Thailand. So this will continue to happen. We should not try to read 
too much in individual destinations. I think what we should look at is the overall growth of the 
business rather than getting into individual destinations. And that's how we also look at it. 
Andrey Purushottam: So perhaps, you were misled a little bit by my southward comment, but my 
comment was between businesses, which are in good growth and just showing marginal or no 
growth right? So for example, are there any long-term things that you see in terms of even revival 
of the long-haul part of the business or in terms of ease of restriction of visa travel such as Schengen, 
etc that might enable the long-haul business to flourish? Is something that we can look forward to 
in a 6- to 12-month horizon that will lead us to believe that will benefit almost all aspects of our 
business. 
Mahesh Iyer: Sure. I think the way to look at it, if you look at the travel portfolio, see first, you must 
understand that we are a diversified group, and we've got 4 lines of business within that. Each one 
of it, as Debasis rightly said, will go through some impact at some point in time. And in this specific 
case you look at maybe 2 businesses going through it. But from the real meat of the business or the 
moat of the business, as we would call it to be, I think we've said that, look, the recovery on the 
holiday side is still subpar. When I say recovery, sub par is purely because volume growth have not 
come in. 
The number of passengers travelling in some of the long-haul destinations are nowhere closer to 
what they used to do in 2020, but that's got filled up by short-haul and domestic and stuff like that. 
So will the long-haul recovery help, of course, it will help. It will bring more passengers to us, it will 
bring more volumes to us. But I think what we would like to mention here and that's the way we 
look at it is that the more customers who come into the domestic are the ones who will stay with 
us for a longer period in time.  

 
 
 
 
The long-hauls are more mature customers who have done maybe two domestic trip with us, one 
or two short-hauls and then that's how they go to long-haul because long-haul typically happens to 
be a little more expensive from a price point also. So clearly, I think I would look at domestic, I would 
catch them young, have a wider net for them and then build on that portfolio and get them as repeat 
customers. So I would think there is so much more in this business for us to grow. And specific to 
some businesses where we haven't had a good thing.  
I think it's just a temporary phase that we are going through -- we are either an investment or 
expansion or there are these double-dip as Ram in DEI mentioned, happening because of investment 
in technology and stuff like that and some challenges with weather, but I don't think we should read 
more into for 1 quarter, rather focus on the long-term trajectory for the business. 
Andrey Purushottam: But are you seeing this growth green shoots of recovery of the business as a 
whole that is my question? 
Mahesh Iyer: Yes, of course. And I think I've been talking about it so as Ram and Vikram, all of us 
have been talking about that. We are seeing that. I mean, it's not green shoots. They're already 
much, much bigger plant at this point in time and we are only trying to reap benefits and what we 
are trying to do is plant new saplings so that the growth trajectory continues. 
Andrey Purushottam: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference 
call. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Madhavan Menon: First of all, I just want to apologize to a couple of people who didn't get to ask 
their questions. I would request them to approach Urvashi and Debasis and we'll answer those 
questions. I think I just want to quickly round up what is being discussed today. I think a point that 
both Vikram and Debasis had explained at length, is that we are in an expansion investment mode 
at Sterling and to some extent, at DEI. 
Therefore, looking at a result of one quarter does not necessarily a reflection of what it is. In terms 
of margins, I want to reiterate that we are focused on maintaining stability of our margins. And while 
there may be opportunities which allow us to grow our margins going forward, we will exercise 
those options. And I think several of them have been discussed as we go forward. 
Productivity benefits from managing costs continue to be our focus and they will continue to be a 
focus in the current year. Current run rate will be steady and are expected to continue over the rest 

 
 
 
 
of the year. I also expect that the opportunities will appear as we go forward and we will capitalize 
on that. So there is potential for upward growth out there. I want to reiterate the diversity of the 
businesses and the geographical diversity because this is essentially a hedge against any tailwinds. 
You'll appreciate that we live in a highly unpredictable world where geopolitics and economics seem 
to be mixing at a much higher rate and therefore we need to be protective against that. Essentially, 
I want to say that there is a positive environment in the business. There has been no change in our 
outlook and we continue to operate in that environment. 
Just as a last point we are hosting a Capital Markets Day on August 23 at the Jio Convention Center. 
If you're interested in participating all are welcome. Please contact Urvashi Butani to register 
yourselves. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
