  
 
 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
CIN: L19201WB1931PLC007261 
Registered Office: 27B, Camac Street, 1st Floor, Kolkata-700016, West Bengal II Tel.: (033) 23014400 II  Fax: (033) 22895748 
E-mail: in-customer.service@bata.com II Website: www.bata.in 
  August 13, 2024 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
The Manager
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051      
 
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
 
BSE Security Code: 500043 
NSE Symbol: BATAINDIA  
CSE Scrip Code: 10000003  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Post Earnings call 
 
This is further to our letters dated July 30, 2024 and August 8, 2024, on the captioned subject. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as 
amended), we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings (Conference) Call held on Thursday, August 
8, 2024. 
 
The same shall also be made available on our website i.e. www.bata.in 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
  
NITIN BAGARIA 
AVP (Special Projects) - Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
NITIN 
BAGARIA
Digitally signed 
by NITIN BAGARIA

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Bata India Limited 
Q1 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GUNJAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANIL SOMANI – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NITIN BAGARIA –  AVP - COMPANY SECRETARY – 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. UDIT GAJIWALA – YES SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bata India Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing the star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of YES Securities, we welcome you 
all to Bata India's Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management team, we have 
Mr. Gunjan Shah, MD and CEO, Mr. Anil Somani, Director of Finance and CFO, Mr. Nitin 
Bagaria, AVP, Company Secretary. I now hand over the call to Mr. Nitin. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Thank you. A warm welcome to all of you. We have Gunjan Shah, MD and CEO. We also 
have Anil Somani, Director of Finance and CFO. We have shared the presentation with the 
stock exchanges earlier today. We will be taking you through the same. We will navigate the 
slides as well as the page numbers to stay synchronized. On Slide number 2, we have the 
disclaimer. I am sure you have gone through the same. 
 
I now request Gunjan to take over and thank you once again for joining. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Joining for the call today, I will briefly run 
through the presentation which, as Nitin mentioned, is already uploaded. I will start with Slide 
number 4. Just a broader context, when we met for the call last time, we had said that we saw 
improvement in momentum at that point in time through the quarter between Jan and March at 
that point in time. That did continue for some time, but then we did see deleterious momentum 
in the latter part of the quarter, driven by various factors, heat wave, election, as well as 
wedding season, presumably. 
 
So, it’s been overall a relatively tough quarter, reflecting in our sales for a long time having 
dipped actually negative to negative 1%. Within that, there were bright spots and I will talk to 
you a few of them. I will also try and see if I can give some sense of how we are trying to give 
impetus to the trajectory going forward, which we are hopeful of. I think one hit that keeps 
continuing really well, I have been talking about it for multiple quarters, has been floats. The 
brand continues significant momentum. 
Now, on reasonably sizable base, contributions which are upwards of almost 4.5% to retail 
business and continues to log in highest quarterly sales quarter-on-quarter. So, almost running 
like a start-up. We are also running it like a start-up, a lot of investments that we are putting 
behind it, both on the front end, back end, technology, moulds, stores, etcetera and I will talk a 
little about it. The other big focus area has been power. Power has seen right from the previous 
quarter, as well as the quarter one of ‘25, double-digit momentum, we will want to keep 
pushing this brand, we feel that it's the right umbrella for attacking the athleisure space. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 3 of 15 
 
And it's got a good sweet spot in terms of the right to succeed at the mass stage price point in 
the range of 2000 to 3000 plus or minus, right. And there is a lot of work that's happening, a 
lot of the technology work that we have put behind power over the last two years, etcetera is 
flowing through, we will see, two large product launches going in this quarter also, which are 
with distinct user benefits that we are very confident will give us further traction on this. There 
is also a relatively better momentum that we saw in Comfort and Hush Puppies. 
 
So, the premium Delta continues, though it's been a narrowing gap, but it still continues. And 
Sneaker Studios, empowering the entire, encompassing the entire sneaker proposition 
expanded to about 740 stores now. On the expansion piece, franchise store expansion 
continues. So, we did see a continued expansion, we will continue to see almost 40 to 50 
EVOs getting added every quarter, we are very hopeful that it will basically -- this momentum 
will turn around. 
And these store expansions will help us. Within that franchise will be obviously predominant 
part, which I've talked about as a strategy going forward, especially in the tier three to tier five, 
where we are obviously, in many, many towns, the first organized retailer providing the kind 
of experience that we are, who are EVOs. Beta distribution also expanded, though the mass 
price points continue to have some amount of stress, it was relatively a little better last quarter, 
despite the other momentum areas that I talked about. 
So, we are hopeful that that reversal journey will give us positive momentum in the balance of 
the year. Our investments behind stores continue, actually a pretty large number, I think 40 
stores. So, ideally, we should be in the range of about 20-25 stores of renovation every quarter. 
This was timed, obviously, relatively a leaner time. And that's where we wanted to large part 
of these projects of ours at the store renovation. 
 
Power EVO, I will talk about it. We opened one the previous quarter, this quarter also, we saw 
another one. And our ambitions are wanting to keep learning and moving forward on the front. 
We did attempt a large campaign, try and fly first in the industry to push basically in terms of 
footfalls and getting the momentum back. And also, we did a very different kind of a social 
media launch of Nine West. Now, Nine West is fully present in about 60 stores. And we are 
working towards making sure that we expanded going forward. E-commerce continues to 
expand. E-commerce momentum continued even in the previous quarter. 
 
And obviously, not only in terms of portfolio, but also in terms of profitability, as well as 
partners, everywhere we did see good momentum. We also saw that momentum reflecting in 
our omni-channel as well as barter.com, so besides marketplaces. Some good work that 
happened in the efficiency, on the efficiency lines, capacity utilization was actually the best 
that we have seen in six quarters in our in-house. 
 
We are at, and it progress well going forward at the best inventory levels that we have for the 
last almost eight quarters. Despite that, our availability has been also the best. So, I think it's 
been a good all-around work that's happened on inventory management and that should order 
well for us. In fact, it gave us a little amount of confidence that we postponed our EOSS sales 
in June by a couple of weeks compared to last year. And that reflects in the stable cross-margin 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 4 of 15 
 
that we saw, despite obviously the overall revenue momentum being over. Simultaneously, I 
have been talking about this. 
 
We have now fully stabilized in the previous quarter. Now, what I feel is right at par variable 
structure performance pay at stores at about 30% as per design. And we also stabilized the 
ERP module that we have run with MS Dynamics during the quarter. So, this is the first 
quarter where the results came in out of the ERP module. Moving further, a few highlights. 
The store expansion continued. What you see in the red bar is COCO. What you see in the 
grey bar is basically the franchise. Did see a slightly higher than normal COCO expansion last 
quarter. 
 
As I said, we do try and pre-pone this relatively a quarter that we feel that from a project point 
of view, it's the right one to do. However, franchise did outpace it and that will continue. 
Another big highlight is the success of this from a partner perspective that now almost 50, half 
of the franchise additions are coming from existing partners opening up multiple stores within 
the radius that they operate in. 
 
And we would like that to keep continuing going forward. And the other big endeavour that we 
will have is to continuing push towards bringing in newness and innovation into our stores, not 
only in the top 500 stores, but even the bottom 800 stores. And that's been a big endeavour. 
We did make a shift the needle last quarter and the next six months will see a significant shift 
on that. 
Moving to Slide number 7, which is basically in terms of seeding for the future, Power EBO. 
We have talked about it. We started the first store. It's in the north. The second one also has 
opened in the north. We will want to keep learning on this and the signs and the feedback are 
pretty good. We are getting the kind of trading density that we want from these stores. They 
are pretty compact stores, not more than thousand square feet. 
 
And that seems to be the model that works. As you can see, it is encompassing largely the kind 
of portfolio that we want to show from a running sports perspective, but also has digital 
interaction. It's got apparel that we have anyways been working on for the last year or so, as 
well as some amount of non-footwear. We will want to expand this banner to about 15 stores 
in the next two quarters that is December 2024. This quarter, we should see about four to five 
additions. In the same breath is Power Apparel. 
 
I have talked about it. We are there in about 70 stores now, slightly more than last quarter. And 
now the kind of traction that I have been mentioning this quarter on quarter for the last almost 
two quarters or three to you, we are seeing the kind of threshold that we want. And most 
probably, I think, in another two or three months, we should be looking at expanding it to 
almost 100 plus stores, ideally double of the 70 that we had. It also has given us a lot of 
understanding on franchise and making sure that we've got the right price points, some amount 
of also the material that we are losing. So earlier, we had only polyester. 
 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Now we've got also cotton and blended stuff going. Price point that we have now aggressively 
put in, etcetera, all of them are working towards it and we are hopeful of the traction going 
forward. The other big piece has been floats. I've talked about it from a category and a business 
perspective, a lot of investments go in. As I said, now contributions are pretty handsome and 
come at accretive margins. We also are investing in the brand outside the Bata banner and the 
floats kiosks are the first entry towards that. 
 
We are now at more than a dozen kiosks, 16 to be precise. A lot of learnings, but prima facie, 
the underlying momentum is very clearly visible and we should be expanding this and 
doubling this by also in the next two quarters. We will keep updating you on this. There's also 
work afoot in terms of opening the first EBO offloads. The kiosks are basically in the range of 
about 100 to 150 square feet, as you might be able to guess from the photograph on the screen.  
On the Slide 8, the other piece has been Nine West. I talked about it. We did do a launch. It's 
there in about 50 stores right now. We should have enough learnings in place. We should be 
looking at expanding that to about 70 stores within the Bata network. On the e-commerce, as I 
said, I think that continued its positive trajectory even last quarter across marketplaces, the 
D2C platform of ours, as well as Omni and all of them kept on generating momentum across 
various categories, some campaigns that we ran. 
 
We are also wanting to make sure that some of the impetus that we have seen in the offline 
world on brands like Floats and Power, etcetera, we will be investing a significant amount of 
effort, etcetera, to make sure that e-commerce also joins the party on it in the next couple of 
quarters. On the MBO side, the investment in infrastructure expansion continues. We are also 
now investing in the top 1,000 outlets out of this direct reach that we have got of 50,000 plus, 
which we tracked for and where our FSR reaches. 
 
We are also organizing the way we are putting up the entire range in these top 1,000 stores. 
They give us good throughputs on a per month basis. Besides that, we have invested in the 
EVA category at a price point of about 500 plus or minus. That's given extremely good results 
and has been doing extremely well despite the overall sluggishness in that segment, in that 
price point. On the campaigns in the quarter gone by on Slide number 11, we continue to 
invest in this and that shows up even in the P&L. 
Our marketing investments are a big jump over last year. The campaign that I talked about on 
Try and Fly, we did a Nine West social media focused launch with influencers. We did 
obviously a topical campaign on floats, which was to do with the season. Last but not the least, 
obviously, in terms of brand stories coming alive within our stores. Some of the examples that 
you see on the screen in front of you. It's also been a period in the last quarter where we've got 
some good awards, especially from various stakeholders on the customer as well as on the 
consumer side. 
Whether it be the franchise program, the loyalty program, as well as the social media campaign 
that we run. With that, coming to the last section, which is financials. While the results 
obviously have been published, sales have been muted. It was a negative 1.4% blended. Gross 
margin was flat, slightly positive, but mostly flat. That shows towards basically also I think 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 6 of 15 
 
some of it was to do with making sure that we are able to toggle our inventories reasonably 
well. We did continue to invest. 
 
This quarter also that I've not mentioned is that we have also charged off the complete expense 
on our IT projects, especially the largest one being ERP and that shows up in our other 
expenses. We've been on the conservative side on that side and this is the last quarter of large 
expense that was there on ERP. Marketing cost I've talked about. 
 
Overall, it's not been too far from our ballpark of 250 to 300 basis points, but versus last year, 
yes, it's been a higher increase. And therefore, I think a longer term trend line, obviously 
disappointing revenue growth last quarter. We are hopeful that that turns around quicker. And 
we also had relative simplification in our piece where we saw an opportunity and we 
monetized the Faridabad land. That did obviously show up a bump up in terms of a one-time 
gain and exceptional income that came in. 
As I mentioned, between other expenses as well as some other lines, we had a cumulative 
impact of one of expenses that we also charged off in this quarter on a conservative basis about 
300 basis points on the EBITDA level. And therefore, that brings me to the end of the 
presentation. Thank you so much. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
We can now do the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, can you please let us know 
the channelized growth between COCO, franchise, distribution and online in this quarter? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, I do not share the precise numbers, Saurabh, but overall, as I have been mentioning, the 
piece was that franchise and e-commerce were the channels that grew the fastest, outstripping 
the overall growth. On the mass side, distribution business was the relative laggard relatively. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
I know that you mentioned that this quarter, you said that April, May and towards the later part 
of June probably was weaker. But what is the same-store sales growth that you see, let us say, 
in your COCO network, roughly? Even if you want to share April, May while you were still 
seeing slightly better, even if you can share that number, the same-store sales? 
Gunjan Shah: 
It has been evidently negative, Saurabh, but lower single-digit negative. Our endeavour is, and 
I have stated this, is that we get it to basically mid to high single digits and we should see the 
efficiencies flow at a significant level. So one of the reasons, even if I remove some of the one-
offs on the expense side, is that the [unclear] is coming because of the same-store sales growth 
being muted. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Right, right. My next question is on the high-performance merchandising tech investment that 
you have been doing. Can you let us know how do we measure what improvement or what 
impact it has had? For example, if you could let us know the full-price sales now versus before 
or any other measure that you track internally to see the effectiveness of these investments? 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes. So there are a few, Saurabh, and it can be a long discussion, but there are a few 
process metrics. There are a few outcome metrics. Eventually, the business case of that project, 
which has now been fully, how do you say, implemented, is basically in terms of impact from 
an outcome perspective on three, four large pillars. One is cross-margin, markdown, a 
combination of that, and therefore, obviously, improvement on it. The second one is in terms 
of inventory turns, right. 
 
We would want to see, and as I mentioned, even when I'm making the presentation, some early 
signs, but we will want to see, you know, we measure it for consistency on trailing 12 months, 
which will take another six months of consistent performance. But basically, inventory versus 
sales ratio. Last is going to be availability, right? And we do measure for availability versus 
what has been the designed assortment for a store. And for each size, and how are we present 
every day and every week. So all these three are the outcome metrics. 
 
There are many other process metrics, which I'll not drain out here. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. Could you give us an idea of what are your full prices? So percentage of sales that are 
not discounted in a year? 
Gunjan Shah: 
We would, my discounting on an average is at high single digit. Do I have the full price 
contribution? I'll need to offline revert to you. I'm sure we can take that out. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Oh, sure. I'll connect with you, sir. And that's it for now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line from Rahul Agarwal from IKIGAI Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had one question. I had all done the 
sales and channel network. We spoke about 40, 50 store adds across COCO and FOFO is what 
I understand in the quarter. Could you elaborate on what's the plan for SIS and MBOs? Is there 
revenue salience overall? Because I'm relatively not really sure how much do COCO, FOFO 
contribute to our business? And related question was from a gross margin and ROCE 
perspective, like how would they be different? Like COCO, FOFO, that's the first question. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, so Rahul, you've asked multiple questions. Can you just repeat it quickly? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, sure. So one is COCO, FOFO, SIS and MBOs. How do you plan to increase that 
network? I understand COCO, FOFO is going to be 40, 50 per quarter. And gross margin and 
ROCE, how are they different between COCO and FOFO? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. All right. Got it. The second one I've stated in the past also, Rahul, and the ROCE is, so 
there are two ways of looking at it. One is at an EBITDA level. And the second one is at 
ROCE and both of them are important. Actually, both of them franchise by default is better 
from a ROCE as well as an EBITDA level, as long as it's, you know, there is a threshold at 
which it switches over. So the threshold that we have seen is roughly in the range of about, you 
know, annualized turnover of about INR2 crores. So anything above 2 crores, then the COCO 
kicks in as much more accretive, right? 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
And an ROCE by default franchise is much better because a lot of the inventory and working 
capital is loaded onto the franchise because we follow an outright model. So I hope that 
answers that second question. The first one was the ratio between EBOs, I mean, COCO, 
FOFO, SIS and MBOs. We don't do ratio from a number because MBOs are very large 
numbers and throughput per store is very different. And that's why I show it to you separately.  
Even similarly for SIS also, our throughput per store is much lower than obviously the FOFO 
and the COCO. But between COCO and FOFO, if I'm looking at, let's say, for example, about 
40 stores in a normal, at a, let's say, in a quarter or 45, we should have about 35 FOFO and 
about 10 COCOs. Does that answer your question? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes. And secondly, and then I'll come back in the queue, on the manufacturing and 
outsourcing mixed situation. So what is it right now for Bata overall and any updates from a 
BIS perspective for vendors if you could provide this? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, Rahul. I should have actually included that in the presentation also on the 
BIS, but thanks for bringing it up. So a couple of things, I think the in-house manufacturing 
versus contract, the ratio has moved to about 25 for 75. Another big milestone while I declared 
and we had charged it off, I think, in a couple of quarters back, which was the VRS cost, a 
one-time cost, but we have also now formally notified the closure of the South Can factory, 
which was in Bangalore, Kenya. So that ratio will only keep moving. 
 
So it's in the ballpark of about 25% right now. This was still about two years back at about 35. 
So there has been a distinct shift and I think one of those big reasons has been South Can itself. 
The second piece is the BIS. It has been now, I mean, at least the question marks have been 
completely clarified. It is effective from 1st of August. 
 
The government has been extremely engaging and we have been partnering with them for the 
last almost about 18 months now, right from even the kind of quality control orders, etcetera 
that have been issued. It encompasses about, from a Bata portfolio perspective, almost about 
90% of our products. 
 
There is a small amount that is still not issued quality control orders, but a very small amount. 
The rest of it is all now covered and most probably for the broader footwear industry itself. We 
have successfully transitioned, I think actually about a month or so prior to even the 1st 
August, from our sourcing as well as manufacturing base. 
 
There are some small parts of the portfolio, very miniscule and non-material, where there is 
some action still to be done or rather stabilisation in terms of getting the domestic sourcing 
done, especially where we have got very low volumes. Those are the ones that are still getting 
stabilised, but we are confident that they will not disrupt our initiatives, both marketing as well 
as merchandising in store. So that is the broad update on BIS. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect Gunjan, I will come back in between. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Videesha Sheth: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was on the expenses side. We see 
that employee and other expenses have increased by 15% and 18% respectively during the 
quarter. Now, while other expenses had some impact of the one-time tech-related investment, 
what led to the 15% increase in employee costs? And also, how should we be looking at the 
cost side going forward as despite large part of the franchisee-led expansion, we see an 
increase in expenses? 
 
I understand that the marketing-related expense and tech-related expense would increase the 
cost, but at the same time, we do not have to incur store-related expenses due to FOFO 
expansion, right? So I just wanted your clarification on this point. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. So, no, you are right. So basically, other expenses I have broadly talked about, right, even 
in terms of payroll as well as, okay, yes. So as well as payroll, etcetera, there were, there is no, 
I mean, basically, broadly underlying, we are actually pretty tight on it. And in fact, some of 
the piece that I talked about from a store level, variable cost structure, etcetera, will start 
kicking in in terms of benefits. So we do not see it outpacing sales growth going forward. 
 
But the piece is that this quarter, there was some one-off related in the base, etcetera 
Cumulative impact, as I said, was to the extent of about 300 to 320 basis points, you know, 
between the ERP, the IT expenses, as well as some payroll-based effect. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Okay, got it. In this continuation to the payableization comment that you mentioned, in the 
PPP, we could see that 30% of the incentive is variable in nature. But when we try to get an 
understanding from FY24's annual report, the sales commission line item as a percentage of 
total employee spend comes out to be only 14%. So is it only because of corporate employees 
that the 30% is getting diluted? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I need some expert advice on this. 
Anil Somani: 
So principally, what you are talking about is an annual report. The annual report, we report the 
total payroll cost. So question is, just to understand it better, how you are correlating from the 
annual report a variable piece of it, please? 
Videesha Sheth: 
So in other expenses, we have a line item regarding sales commission? So would that… 
Gunjan Shah: 
My sense is Videesha – my sense is your hypothesis is correct, the denominator does not 
necessarily include only store payroll. But we can offline correct it to you. But the construct 
has been what I'm stating. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. And lastly, can you help with the contribution from new launches or fresh inventory for 
the first quarter? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, so the number of lines that we would have launched in store, and they are not 
necessarily new to the system. So let me tell you, okay, so a little more elaboration. So we've 
got a large network, it's divided into store clusters, right? And depending on the cohort of 
consumers that it is in, because the merchandise in let's say a high street in Meerut has to be 
very different from a merchandise which would be in a mall in Gurgaon, or in Mumbai, 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 10 of 15 
 
etcetera right? And therefore, then we have it divided into almost four or five clusters. So 
when I see a successful product, let's say in tier two cluster, or let's say a cluster two, not 
necessarily tier two town, but cluster two. 
 
And next season, I take it to tier three, because it's seen a certain amount of success, etcetera It 
is a newness for that cluster and therefore that consumer cohort. If I have got through to you, 
then the eventual newness that we are talking about to these clusters of stores is to the extent of 
about 30%. The sales contribution is in the range of about mid-teens, so about 14 to 18%, 
depending on the month. The inventory allocation also is in the range of about slightly higher, 
about 14% to 18%. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Okay, thank you. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Lodha from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anurag Lodha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So I just had one question. So your premium product 
portfolio has particularly done well. So I just wanted to understand how has the value segment 
performed? What is the salience between premium and value right now? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. As far as contributions go, I had mentioned that also, which was that basically the 
premium product, which is, you know, about 2000 continues to grow faster. That continues 
even last quarter, while the difference in trajectory has been narrowing, but it still continues to 
outpace. The contribution is that greater than 2000 is in the range of about 25%. Greater than 
1000 is in the range of almost about 60%. And less than 500, which is largely the mass 
distribution business contribution, that would be in the range of about 15% now. 
Anurag Lodha: 
Okay, understood. So are you suggesting that value segment is kind of picking up? I mean, you 
suggested that difference is kind of... 
Gunjan Shah: 
We are hopeful. I think in absolute, it is still not turned around completely. But we are hopeful 
seeing some of the signs that we are seeing on the ground on that front, that in the coming 
quarters, we should see that turning around for us. 
Anurag Lodha: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Could you speak about the categories which are working well, which are not 
working well and why? What are the broader trends that are panning out in your footwear 
category? Now, we are four years away from the COVID. So there would be some sure large 
consumption shifts that would have happened. And one clear shift that is witnessing from your 
research is that sports and athleisure category is for sure looking very promising. So any 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 11 of 15 
 
particular data points or any particular insights you would like to share on a broader category 
trends would be helpful. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Sure, sure. Okay, thanks, Priyank. I didn't spend as much time on it. So one is that I can give it 
in the perspective of last quarter, last quarter. But I can also give you a little more broader one. 
That's what you're looking for. So on the broader front, and that's very clearly reflected in 
some of the highlights, some of the efforts that I'm talking about, the investments and 
resources that we are putting in, etcetera, has been sneakerization, casualization, as well as in 
terms of fashion. So these are three big pivots. Now, they manifest themselves in many ways. 
 
And let's say, for example, one example is floats. It's a classic case of casualization. Give good 
style, give good technology at the right price point, and there is momentum to be generated. 
And that's inspiration that despite the kind of overall consumption, you can make your own 
headway if you get it right. And similarly is on, as I said, on the sneakerization piece, as well 
as on, therefore, athleisure as a combination under it, which is why the apparel piece, etcetera, 
comes in. 
And the last piece was, you know, fashion premium, etcetera, where Hush Puppies, some of 
the stuff that we are trying to do on non-footwear, especially nine vest, handbags, etcetera The 
one specifically last quarter that did show some amount of obviously stress disproportionately 
was the dress piece, both ladies as well as men. And my sense is to do with, which was 
otherwise doing reasonably well, I would say, but that obviously did not do well last quarter 
and most probably got to do with some of the occasion, wedding days, etcetera, etcetera, which 
should bounce back, 
I guess. I hope that answers. 
Priyank Chheda:  
So, the broader three trends which you spoke on, which is sneakerization, casualization, and 
fashion, what would be our sales contribution coming out from this trend, which is in our 
favor? And actually, what is driving such strong momentum or such a great acceptance for the 
consumer in this category? And how are we strategizing to benefit out of this? And on the 
other side, why formal as a category, which is again, a very large for us, is not picking up, is 
there some work to be done from our side as a market leader? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Right. So, formal, let's say, for example, if I go backwards two years, formal has been doing 
well. Right. The piece that I commented on was dress specifically within that, which did not do 
well last quarter. And my sense is because of, you know, some of the events that I talked 
about. But otherwise, over a longish period of time, I think it's relatively doing better. 
 
The one that is, you know, the longer term trend, I think there is a lot of work to be done, we 
can do a lot more. I think even let's say, for example, floats, for example, we would be in the 
range of about 1.2 to 1.4 million pairs for the year. My sense is that can this can easily scale to 
about 5 million pairs, right? 
 
Both offline, online, etcetera all combination done together. So, there's a huge opportunity that 
is there. In some of the places, we have to also fix the proposition as well as the mechanism of 
making sure that we are able to package it to consumers. So, are we putting up the stories 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 12 of 15 
 
together? The power EBO, the power apparel, the entire athleisure, umbrella, etcetera is an 
endeavour towards that. 
We do see that if you put in the right kind of technology, the right kind of initiative and the 
proposition to consumer, you will see traction on it. And that's what we are seeing for the last 
two quarters in power also. So, yes, so there is traction, but there is a long way to go. 
Priyank Chheda:  
So, you didn't answer about what would be our contribution, revenue contribution as of now? 
And what would we see going ahead with these three trends? Where are we positioned? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, so casualization would casual overall, sneakers and casual combined should be 
contributing to about 50% to 55% of our business. My sense is that going forward, this should 
become about 60% to 65% in the longer term over, let's say, three years. 
Priyank Chheda:  
Perfect. And just last question on the VAS norms, you did mention about your positioning for 
the norms getting implemented. Do you see competition from, say, MNCs veining out because 
they might take some time to readjust to the supply chains, in particular, into the sports and 
athleisure category? And also for the unorganized players, if you can comment on that? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. No, I've been asked this question. We will have to see how this pans out. See, the industry 
in general carries inventories to the extent, and this is only companies carrying it, to the extent 
of about four to eight months of inventory at any point in time, depending on the business 
model as well as the various brands slash players. Now, this is besides NBO retail carrying its 
own inventory, etcetera So I don't think trends as well as some of these insights will come out 
so clearly so fast. 
 
But over a period of, let's say, about four to six months, we will start seeing some 
understanding of how people have adapted to it. We also see on the positive side, to be fair to 
the industry, etcetera, there has been a lot more upgradation of technology and capabilities 
within India. That has happened over the last about a year or so. We have also benefited. So 
some of the products that we used to import, etcetera, those are also now getting easily 
domesticated, and we are able to make them at even better margins slash price points. So 
fingers crossed, should not be a big disruption. 
 
But as I said, we'll have to wait and watch for the next about six months to see a clear trend. 
Priyank Chheda:  
Great. All the best. Thank you for answering all the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Getam from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the questions. I wanted to know, understand how is our plans on store 
openings on geography or region-wide? What sort of target areas are we looking at? And then 
in the newly opened stores, in like Tier 3 and beyond, what are you looking at the trends there? 
I mean, is it like floats and EVAs working there? Or is it like sneakers and power working out 
there? 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, so there are multiple cuts of the question that you have asked for. Tier format of stores 
between COCO FOFO as well as I think the banner and the concept that you're talking about in 
terms of floats as well as power. Floats and power, I have mentioned the immediate near term 
ambition has been what I mentioned in the presentation. 
So I'll not repeat that. But overall, in terms of store openings from an EBO perspective, we 
should be looking at analysed about 120 to 140 stores. And as I gave an example, about 75 or 
80% of them will be in the COCO, FOFO format. Does that answer Abhishek? 
Abhishek Getam: 
Yes, no, I was coming more on the geography which sort of geographies are we talking about? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, yes. Oh, sorry. I see. I missed that. You shared it also in the tiers. Geographically, we are 
spread all across, right? I mean, it's almost to a fault that it's equally distributed all across 
maybe slightly higher index towards south. But our editions are also spread all across from our 
regions or state or province perspective. From a tier perspective, I would say that 70% of our 
net editions would be tier three downwards, overlapping very closely with the franchise model. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Understood. And as you said, the index to south more and after that wouldn't be north or west? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Index to south relatively slightly more. I mean, it's a small percentage kind of a thing, but 
otherwise, it's equally split across regions. North is technically our largest region. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Understood. And so, you spoke about Evolite growing very fast in even a Lagarde mass 
market. So, what sort of triggers are you seeing in that brand? Or any key specifics that 
unorganized market is going off it? So, you're seeing growth there? Yes, yes. 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, I think it's to do with the fact that it's at a very different price point. Obviously, the mass 
distribution channel, it's at about, as I said, 500 plus or minus, depending on the fashion of the 
articles. And it is something that we have launched about nine, eight, six, nine, six, seven 
months back. But it's seen great traction. But early days, right? I mean, it's only six days, six 
months. 
 
So, two quarters of performance, but it's to the extent that I had, you know, I had to highlight it 
and share it with you all. So, we are now also investing on it. I'm sure I think in another quarter 
or two, I'll be able to give you all a lot more insight, which is based on far more, you know, 
how do you say consistent data points that we'll see also over a period of time. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Understood. So, just one last question. So, we, at the company level, we see our COCO can be 
doing somewhere 55% gross margin. So, how does that model economics reflect for the 
franchisee owner or on the margin side? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. On the gross margin side, Abhishek, I mentioned this, the gross margin side, it is 
actually lower than COCO, naturally so, because we pass on costs and we pass on margins to 
our partners. But eventually at an EBITDA level, it is accretive to the COCO model. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Thank you, sir. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Bye-bye. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jasmine from VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jasmine: 
Hi, sir. My question is more focused on the Nine West agreement that we have. I wanted to 
understand our position and play in Nine West and what would you clarify as our right to win 
in this category? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Just what are the first part of the question, the agreement and what is our right to win? 
Jasmine: 
Agreement and right to win with Nine West. 
Gunjan Shah: 
You're talking of the licensing agreement? 
Jasmine: 
Yes. Is it any royalty that we're paying? Is it a transfer agreement? I just wanted to understand 
that. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. All right. Yes, for sure. It's a billion-dollar-plus land largely housed, coming out of New 
York. And therefore, a large part of the franchise of Nine West, etcetera, comes from whatever 
the fashionist are of New York, etcetera We did this launch and the announcement on this 
almost two quarters back, Jasmine. 
 
And we did talk about it in terms of what does it play for us. It fits into our strategy, Jasmine, 
of two, three areas and whether it's organic and some of the work that we're trying to do 
through, let's say, power or float or athleisure, etcetera But there are two, three pivots that we 
see that will unlock further opportunities, both in terms of growth as well as profit pool, which 
are athleisure, casualization, as well as high fashion premium. 
 
Now, what this one, Nine West, fits in is basically the third, which is high fashion premium, 
younger ladies, right? And that's where we see that there is a very clear-cut area that we can 
penetrate into. And that's where we are hoping that Nine West will get in. Obviously, they 
come with a very large credential spread across almost about 70-odd countries. As I said, a 
billion dollar plus of retail sales and with very, very strong fashion credentials, along with 
some amount of technology. 
Jasmine: 
Okay. And in terms of the agreement, if you could shed some light too? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I can't share, obviously, details for obvious reasons, but it's a royalty agreement, right? But it 
gives us, it's a pretty large, wide agreement of longish enough period that we feel confident on 
investing in creating the brand in India. And it is also, it is an end-to-end agreement. So it is 
right from manufacturing to retail across all business channels and consumers in India. 
Jasmine: 
Great. Thank you so much for that. All the best for the next quarter. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Jasmin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Boring AMC. Please go 
ahead. Ma'am, your voice is cracking a little bit. Hello. Ma'am, [inaudible 0:46:04] can you 
please use your handset or a mic, a headphone mic, please? 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 08, 2024 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Analyst: 
Okay. Hi, this is Varun and thank you for the opportunity. We just wanted to check, when we 
say 70% store addition in tier 3 towns, will the same apply to Power and Nine West too? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Sorry, we could not understand. 70% store addition in tier 3 towns is under, what did you say, 
last part? 
Analyst: 
Will the same apply to Power and Nine West too? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, no, it will not apply and which is why I mentioned to another analyst just prior, a few 
minutes back, that there are different cuts. In Power, we are focused very clearly to follow a 
cluster strategy. So, we are largely focused in the radius of NCR and maybe a few kilometers 
around it, where we want to go with the Power EBO concept and that's got nothing to do with 
the overall larger expansion of COCO and FOFO. 
Analyst: 
Okay. So, marketing campaigns also will be more targeted in those areas? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, the store level marketing campaigns, while overall Power campaign itself, because we do 
sell a large amount of our product of Power and the brand is sold through the Bata banner all 
across, that will obviously be countrywide. Right. 
Analyst: 
And when we talk about tier 3 towns, what is the competition landscape in these areas and 
what is the plan there? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. So, it's a very omnibus kind of a thing. India is very complex to give a very simple 
answer to this. But at a very average level in most of these towns, there is, we see very clearly 
the feedback and the pickup extremely fast, because this is a unique, okay, so it plays both 
ways, right? I mean, it's an EBO experience, we are most probably the first brand to get into 
some of those markets, etcetera And it gives consumers a great aha. 
 
Simultaneously, it also takes some time for consumers to adopt to a great plush retail 
environment, right? You get air conditioned, etcetera because you are largely catering to 
consumers which are otherwise going to LDOs and you know, high street, multi brand stores, 
etcetera. So, but all in all, I think we do see great traction and which is why I said now, you 
know, a bulk of our openings are happening from existing partners opening multiple stores. 
Analyst: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Thank you everyone for joining. Looking forward to interacting with you again. Thank you, 
Udit and YES Securities team. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of YES Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: While we have made our best attempt to prepare a verbatim transcript of the proceedings of the Earnings’ Call, 
however, this may not be a word-to-word reproduction 
