 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 7, 2024 
Sc no - 18389 
 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Discussion/Conference call for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2024 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with further reference to our letter bearing sc no. 18362 dated  
July 19, 2024, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings/conference call for the 
first quarter ended June 30, 2024 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 
Thursday, August 1, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings/conference call is available on the website of the Company at 
www.tatamotors.com  
 
This is for information of the Exchange and the Members. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
 
 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
MALOY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by MALOY 
KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2024.08.07 
18:26:04 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
Tata Motors Group  
 
Q1 FY25 earnings call transcript  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
 
MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
 
MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA 
MOTORS LIMITED 
 
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD, TMPVL AND TPEML  
 
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX – CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MR. G.V. RAMANAN, VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE, TATA 
MOTORS LIMITED 
 
MR. DHIMAN GUPTA, VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE, 
TMPVL AND TPEML. 
 
MS. NAMRATA DIVEKAR – HEAD, TREASURY, IR, M&A, 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Anish Gurav 
Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q1 FY 2025 earnings call. Today, with us are Mr. 
P.B. Balaji, Group CFO, Tata Motors, Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors, Mr. 
Shailesh Chandra, MD, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric 
Mobility Limited, Mr. G.V. Ramanan, Vice President, Finance, Tata Motors Limited, Mr. 
Dhiman Gupta, Vice President, Finance, TMPVL and TPEML, Mr. Adrian Mardell, CEO, Jaguar 
Land Rover, Mr. Richard Molyneux, CFO, Jaguar Land Rover and we also have our colleagues 
from the Investor Relations team. Today, we plan to walk you through the results 
presentation followed by Q&A. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only 
mode and we will be taking questions via the Teams platform. The same is already open for 
you to submit your questions. You are requested to mention your name and the name of 
the organization while submitting the questions. 
I now hand over to Balaji sir to take over. Over to you, sir 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Anish. Welcome to the call. Standard safe harbor statement. We will quickly run 
through the deck and then spend as much time as possible on the questions. 
 
It's been an intense, action packed quarter. The most exciting one coming up is the Tata 
Curvv, that is set to be launched, August 7th is the date, watch the space. And of course, last 
week, the most exciting thing in JLR was the Jaguar TCS racing winning the World E-racing 
Championships. So, an exciting journey out there, and of course, the Defender OCTA coming 
up pretty soon. So lots of action underway and intend to keep this action at this level of 
intensity. Next slide please. 
 
 

Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
From a revenue perspective, the quarter was a decent quarter with a revenue of 5.7% 
growth, though the volumes grew only 2.5%. Mix obviously coming to play. PBT before 
exceptional items showed a very strong increase to Rs. 8,800 Cr, driven by favorable 
commodities both in JLR and in Tata Motors here. EBITDA was ﬂat at 14.4% and obviously, 
the volume growth feeding into the EBIT numbers at 30-odd bps operating leverage and 
very satisfying to see a positive cash ﬂow in the ﬁrst quarter, which is seasonally our 
weakest quarter and therefore, that's come through well.  
 
Sources of growth where it came from, most of it coming from volume and mix. A little 
bit drop on pricing. Translation of the pound sterling going up at 1.6% and most of the 
businesses came to the party in terms of improving their proﬁtability on the EBIT line. Net 
debt marginally up, basically, because of the dividends that went out from Tata Motors 
and of course, seasonally, for Tata Motors, Q1 is always a negative cash ﬂow, which I will 
show you subsequently as well. That's what's the net debt going up there. But no stress, 
it will come back under control, and JLR on track to go net debt free as well. Next slide. 
 
Spending a little bit time on the corporate action before I hand it over to the businesses 
to take them through the numbers. One is the demerger. Maybe take a minute to explain 
the transaction. The way the demerger will happen is in two steps. Step one, we are 
demerging the CV business undertaking out of the existing Tata Motors Company into 
the new CV List Co. Immediately after that, the Passenger Vehicle business, which is a 
subsidiary of the existing List Co called TML, will be merged into the TML existing 
Company. That is important to get done because you don't want the top Company to be 
construed as a CIC and hence this becomes a proper operating company. These will be 
the two listed companies and obviously along with the CV business undertaking, all its 
investments will also move and whatever is left behind will all be submerged into the 
TMPV Company. This is what is happening.                                                                                                               
 
Along with that, the CV Company, the newly formed CV Company will be renamed as 
TML and the existing TML Company will be renamed as Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles. 
All of this is expected to happen in the next 12 months to 15 months and the appointed 
date for this transaction we are targeting the 1st July, 2025. And when the demerger 
happens, whoever is on the record date, the shareholder of Tata Motors will be eligible 
for one share each of the CV Company, that is TML, and one share in the existing TML, 
which will be called TMPV. This is the nature of the transaction. One of the most 
important number in this entitlement ratio is obviously 1:1. One of the most important 
number is the asset ratio as on the appointed date, we expect it to be broadly 60:40, that 
is 60% as CV 40% as the residual PV that will be there. That is how the TML standalone 
will cut out and this will be tax-neutral for the CV and PV undertakings as well as the 
shareholders. And the next 12 months to 15 months is there. This share entitlement 
report has been ﬁled by PWC and the fairness opinion for the same given by SBI Capital 
Markets. Next slide. 
 
This is just the listing. I don't want to go through this. I will leave it to you. Reach out to us 
if there's anything that you would like us to clarify upon. Otherwise, it is just the listing 
out of all the companies where it is going to go. I am more than happy to clarify anything 
oﬄine that you may require. Next slide please. 
 
 

Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
Second set of corporate actions is the merger of Tata Motors Finance, the NBFC with Tata 
Capital. The Boards, as we announced in June, have already approved it. The scheme is 
already been ﬁled, it's with the stock exchanges and we expect to get this transaction 
completed in the next nine to twelve months. We are in advanced discussions with RBI for 
securing their approvals as well as the stock exchanges. And the last one, which is the 
cancellation of DVRs and the issuance of ordinary shares. The NCLT hearing has 
been completed and the NCLT order is reserved for ﬁnal judgment. We have a hearing 
tomorrow, where we expect to receive the orders, ﬁngers crossed. And upon ﬁnal judgment 
and of course, all other steps will start oﬀ. And we are hoping to complete this in the next 
two months, so that the DVRs get cancelled and we have ordinary shares issued in the 
return. So all the corporate actions are running at full speed and we intend to get all of them 
closed before the demerger. Next slide, please. 
 
With this, let me hand it over to Richard to take you through the JLR performance. Richard, 
over to you. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Okay, thank you, Balaji. And if we could move to the next chart.  
 
So, the bottom line for us is we continue to deliver strong and consistent ﬁnancial results. 
This is based of wholesale number in the quarter, it was 97.8K, that's up 4.8% over the prior 
year, we produced 100,000 vehicles and we retailed 111,000, including our joint venture in 
China. That 4.8% increase in wholesales turned into a 5.4% increase in revenue to GBP 7.27 
billion. That is a record quarter one revenue level for JLR. It also turned into a really strong 
PBT number of GBP 693 million, which I will explain later. EBIT 8.9%. This is the 6th quarter 
in a row that we have had EBIT of over 6%. That's the consistency of our delivery, and also 
at this 8.9% level, it is consistent with our full year guidance of greater than 8.5% EBIT. In 
terms of cash ﬂow, GBP 230 million favorable. This is our 7th consecutive quarter of free cash 
ﬂow. That is something that JLR has never done in its history before. It's also the second 
highest ever Q1 cash ﬂow behind the GBP 451 million that we recorded last year. We have 
added ROCE to our metrics on a twelve-month rolling basis at 21.2%. That is consistent with 
our full year target of 22%. So next chart, please. 
 
And I won't go through this, this will get covered in entirety as I go through the rest of 
the pack. So next chart, please. 
There we go. So this looks at our wholesale and retail performance by brand. Range Rover, 
a strong success, wholesales were up 25% YoY and retail's up 20% YoY, driven largely by 
the removal of production constraints as we ﬁnished the ramp up at our Solihull plant. 
Defender a little bit weaker in terms of wholesales, but that is just the timing eﬀect. If you 
look at the retail line for Defender, it is fairly ﬂat and fairly ﬂat at a very healthy level, 
signiﬁcantly over 100,000 units per year for us. Discovery retail is also fairly consistent and 
Jaguar, as expected, wholesales are down. We ceased production of XE, XF and F-TYPE 
during the quarter. That obviously translates into lower wholesales. The retail number is 
fairly ﬂat as we then start to sell through the stock levels. So no surprise in terms of where 
we are in terms of Jaguar. Next chart. 
 
So, this is the same thing, but by region. The UK, up 36% YoY. It is down versus Q4, but 
that's a very natural seasonality in the UK, driven by registration plate changes. US, up 

Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
38% YoY. That's really strong brand performance and the US is now nearly a third of our 
quarterly wholesale volume. Europe is a bit tougher and there are high competitor 
discounts in that market at the moment. However, if look at the retail performance, it's in 
fact slightly improved over the same course last year. China, ﬂat YoY. Certainly in terms 
of the imported cars, it is a market we're paying close attention to. Overseas, again, on a 
retail level is fairly ﬂat, a modest decline YoY, but that is from a truly exceptional year in 
FY 2024. The next chart. 
 
This shows the walk of PBT from the same quarter last year, so a walk from GBP 435 
million to GBP 693 million. Volume and mix, favorable. Volume we have spoken about. 
Mix is the increased production and hence wholesales of Range Rover, Range Rover Sport 
as we ramp through the launch curve to full capacity at our Solihull plant. We do see 
increased sales allowances on a retail incurred level. They were at 3.2% in the quarter and 
that is up versus the previous quarter, which was at 2.4% in the previous year. The biggest 
increase has been in the UK, to counter, amongst other things, the higher insurance rates 
following targeted thefts by organized crime gangs. Material cost compensated the vast 
majority of the incremental VME. So if you look at net pricing and contribution costs 
together, they are fairly ﬂat. That is the result of true cost reduction and also reduced 
supplier claims as the global inﬂation environment becomes less penal. Structural costs, 
up slightly, half of that is in relation to FMI and selling costs to drive demand, the other 
half in relation to systems development and deployment. I guess the big variance is FX 
and commodities. Sterling did strengthen during the quarter, hence the operational FX 
adverse that was more than oﬀset by our hedging portfolio. The big point here is the 
unrealized commodity derivatives. So both aluminum and copper rose by about 10% 
during the quarter and we have a signiﬁcant hedge portfolio. So that hedge portfolio 
gained GBP 58 million in the quarter and that compared to a GBP 79 million loss in Q1 the 
previous year. Hence the delta quarter-by-quarter of GBP 137 million. Next chart. 
 
Okay, so in terms of how that GBP 693 million turns into free cash ﬂow, if you look at cash 
proﬁt after tax, GBP 1.298 billion, that is up 14% versus Q1 FY 2024. We are spending 
more on executing our plans, GBP 951 million on investment and we did get a small 
working capital hit in the quarter. That hit is actually a little bit lower than we were 
expecting as we did manage to turn most of the month end receivables into cash. So the 
receivables change was less penal than we had hoped, than we had feared and that led 
to GBP 230 million worth of free cash ﬂow in the quarter. Next chart.  
 
So investment, I mentioned GBP 951 million, of that GBP 678 million is engineering with 
a capitalization rate of 66%. That capitalization rate is up slightly versus the average in FY 
2024 as the vast majority of the programs that we are now engineering are approaching 
their launch timing, I expect engineering to stay close to peaking at these levels and then 
to slowly come down. Next chart. 
 
Right, business update. So I have got two main updates for you. The ﬁrst is an important 
announcement for our China JV, which will license the Freelander brand from JLR and 
blend together with Chery's EV engineering to create new products for the China market, 
initially, but that do have the potential for global retail. This is a real win-win. It's the best 
of what we do in terms of brands with the best of what Chery do. It's complementary to 
both companies, so it's independent from Chery's existing portfolio and it's independent 
of our house of brands. This arrangement is highly accretive. I actually think the markets 

Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
have underestimated the signiﬁcance of this announcement. 
 
Next, and equally, if not more exciting, I can provide a little bit more clarity on the rebirth 
of Jaguar. This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity. We get to reset, redeﬁne and 
relaunch a truly iconic British brand for a new audience, for a new set of customers. We 
have done the ﬁrst phase and we are now starting the launch of the brand. That will 
happen towards the back end of this year, most likely in the US, and we will launch it as a 
brand ﬁrst, with the vehicles to follow. New Jaguar will be a copy of nothing. It will be 
exuberant, modernist, unique, fearless and very progressive. We are actually seriously 
looking forward to revealing new Jag to the world. Next page. 
 
So, looking ahead, we've had a successful Q1, a very successful Q1. But FY 2025 is not 
without its challenges. Most front of mind is that one of our key aluminum suppliers has 
been impacted badly by a ﬂood, and this will disrupt our inbound supply. It's not impacting 
us currently but we do expect it to constrain our production through the balance of Q2 
and into Q3. We are working very hard to ﬁnd solutions, but it will have a short-term 
impact. We will hold our guidance on our key full-year ﬁnancial deliverables of greater or 
equal to 8.5% EBIT, and achieving net cash. And we will update you further at the end of 
Q2. Guidance beyond FY 2025 is unchanged. 
 
So, summary. We remain committed to sustainable, cash-generative growth. We're 
delivering our promises, unlocking opportunities for growth, be that OCTA or be that 
Freelander. We're growing and doing so responsibly, focusing on ROCE and capital 
allocation, for example, between BEVs and ICE. We are convinced the best is still to come. 
 
With that, I will hand back to Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Thanks, Richard. Let me now hand it over to Girish and Ramanan. Ramanan, I 
will just introduce, he is the CFO of the Commercial Vehicle Business. Let me give it to 
Girish and Ramanan. Ramanan over to you. You can start oﬀ. 
 
G. V. Ramanan 
 
Thank you, Balaji. Just to kind of take you quickly through the market share for 
commercial vehicles, I think the headline is overall market share is in line with the range 
that we had last year. So we had around 39% and it's been growing in all these segments 
except that on the light goods vehicle that we have, we've had a drop of around 120 bps. 
 
A quick ﬁnancial snapshot for Q1. Overall, wholesales has been a year-on-year growth of 
around close to 6%. Revenue at Rs. 17.8K Cr is a 5% growth over last year same time. 
Healthy PBT in Q1 of around Rs. 1.5K Cr. EBITDA at 11.6% is at 220 bps growth over last 
year and an EBIT of 8.9% is 240 bps growth over last year. All this, cumulatively, leading to 
a good improved ﬁnancial performance reﬂecting in the ROCE, going close to 40%. Go to 
the next page. 
 
In terms of our EBIT walk versus Q1 last year to now, I think key factors which have really 
inﬂuenced, a good volume mix, favorable volume coming in from M&HCV is kind of 

Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
impacting to the extent of around 100 bps and then realization and variable cost largely 
driven by commodities gain is helping us to the extent of around 270 bps. So those have 
largely kind of helped towards improved proﬁtability versus last year. 
 
For business update, I would hand this over to Girish now. 
 
Girish Wagh 
Thank you, Ramanan and good evening everyone. So let me start with the highlights for 
the quarter gone by. So the wholesale volumes for Tata Motors grew 7% YoY and within 
that M&HCV and CV passenger carriers also grew and we performed better than the 
industry. We had highest ever revenue in Q1 at around Rs. 17,849 Cr. And also as Ramanan 
mentioned, highest ever Q1 EBITDA and EBIT. On the market share front, heavy 
commercial vehicles, intermediate light medium commercial vehicles and the CV 
passenger segments, I think all these, we grew month-over-month in Q1, surpassing the 
FY 2024 exit market share also. I think overall, CV share was marginally impacted, 
essentially due to the small commercial vehicle and pickup segment, which continues to 
face headwinds in terms of ﬁnancing for the ﬁrst time users, especially for the mini truck 
segment. The non-vehicle business revenue grew by 8% year-on-year basis. Some of the 
bright spots, I think contrary to expectations, the demand remained robust with industry 
volumes growing. And within that, I think for Tata Motors, the M&HCV volumes grew by 
10%, whereas the passenger carrier, including buses, grew by 39%, but within that, let me 
tell you that bulk of the growth in M&HCV was actually led by the medium commercial 
vehicle segment, the 19 ton segment. The ﬂeet utilizations remained at healthy levels in 
Q1, post Q4. Generally, Q1 utilizations may be a bit down after Q4 but remained at a 
healthy level. We've seen healthy monsoon and expecting the policy continuity now with 
a lot of capex allocation for infrastructure projects. We expect that the CV demand should 
gradually keep up pace with all these macro factors. We have seen enhanced contribution 
of digital lead generation to our retail, almost at 28% now. We continue to launch new 
products and variants, so 25 plus products and 70 variants were launched in Q1. We 
continued our cost optimization eﬀorts and also realization improvement from the market 
in Q1. 
 
Going ahead, our focus areas for trucks and buses, yes, we will continue to introduce new 
variants for the white spaces and we'll have aggressive market activation as well as 
promotion of the value added services to drive the volumes. On small commercial vehicle, 
as I've spoken in the past, we are doing this entire front-end transformation from a B2B 
organization to B2B2C. So, we continue this deployment. We will continue growth in 
downstream by increasing our penetration of service and spare parts. International 
markets, we continue to maintain the market shares in the markets where we play while 
improving our margins as well as channel health. Cost reduction eﬀorts, as I said, was a 
bright spot in the quarters gone by and in fact, the commodities also remained ﬂat in Q1 
and likely to remain at an overall ﬂat level in Q2 as well. We are accelerating our 
sustainability initiatives, whether it is about Net Zero, greenhouse gas emissions or 
circularity. 
 
Going next on the electric mobility. So we deployed more than 160 buses in Q1. So now 
we have more than 2900 buses deployed till date. On Ace EV, you know, after the 
discontinuation of FAME II, we introduced the new product Ace EV 1 ton payload and have 

Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
been able to sell more than 800 units in ﬁrst quarter, which actually delivers better 
operating economics to the customer. So I think this has helped us to stem the reduction 
in volumes in the post FAME environment. We now have more than 5400 vehicles plying 
and cumulatively clocked 26 million kms. We have received the PLI certiﬁcate for the 1 ton 
variant of Ace EV also.  
 
On the Smart City Mobility Solutions, so cumulative, 2900 plus buses have crossed now 
more than 160 million kms and we continue to improve the operational eﬃciency having 
95% uptime for the buses. We continue the deployment under the CESL tender that we 
won, within Delhi and Bangalore more than 1300 buses are deployed, and in Jammu 
and Srinagar we have deployed almost 200 buses. For the new tender, we continue the 
discussion with the government authorities for payment security mechanism, which has 
been accepted but awaiting cabinet approval. We are working with the government 
authorities to ﬁnd out ways and means to come up with an asset-light business model and 
once this is done, I think we will be participating in the upcoming tender. 
 
On the Digital businesses, Fleet Edge now has more than 690,000 vehicles on the 
platform and the machine-learning-enabled fuel eﬃciency Mileage Sarathi model that 
we have introduced, we have now cumulatively more than 40,000 vehicles signed up and 
18,000 vehicles signed up in previous quarter, and the vehicles are experiencing 
anywhere between 5% to 6% real-life fuel eﬃciency improvement. On the Fleet Edge, 
we continue to see improved engagement time, as we keep on adding enhanced, 
informative and contextual insights, whether it is on operations, vehicle health as well as 
driving behaviour. E-dukaan, our online marketplace for selling spare parts, continues to 
do well and we had 2.6x growth in the revenue over Q1 of FY 2024. And Fleetverse, which 
is our online platform for selling vehicles, we had 9800 platform-assisted retails, and this 
continues to grow month-over-month. 
 
Back to you, Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Girish. Let me now invite Shailesh and also introduce Dhiman Gupta, the CFO of the 
Passenger Vehicle business and EV business. Shailesh, Dhiman, over to you. Dhiman? 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
Thank you, Balaji. Moving on to the PV side of the business, it has been quite comforting to 
see the consistency in our Vahan market shares, hovering close to 14% over a sustained 
period now. This has been achieved despite no new nameplate additions in our portfolio for 
some time. This augurs well for our New Forever strategy, which has helped in keeping our 
existing portfolio always fresh and desirable. With the launch of Curvv, India's ﬁrst SUV 
Coupe this month, we expect further market share wins from here. Our multi powertrain 
strategy continues to come through nicely, with mix of CNG and EV now covering nearly 
one-third of our portfolio. The build towards an emission-friendly portfolio ensures our 
CAFE headroom is substantial at this point of time and we are also future-ready for the next 
wave of CAFE introductions that happen. Next slide please. 
 
On the EV side, while the personal segment has remained steady, we have seen a sharp 
year-on-year decline in the ﬂeet demand post expiry of the FAME II in March 2024, a 
quarter in which we saw a substantial amount of pre-buys. This is reﬂected in our lower 

Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
offtakes and market share for the quarter. Our journey towards increasing EV 
penetration expanding product portfolio at various price point continues. Curvv EV, our 
ﬁrst, EV-ﬁrst nameplate is expected to further bring in new set of customers who are 
looking for a bigger EV and a higher driving range. Do watch out for the launch event we 
have planned on the 7th August and for all the exciting new beneﬁts that this new 
nameplate will unlock. Another big piece of the work underway to support the growth 
of our portfolio is the intensity at which we continue to work with charge-point operators 
t o expand the, charging infrastructure in the country, the pace, we continue to intensify 
and we saw addition of another 2000 odd chargers this quarter. 
 
Shailesh is going to cover the market scenario in greater detail in the coming slides, but 
the ﬁnancials are reﬂective of the subdued market demand that we've seen this quarter, 
where industry retails have de-grown for two consecutive months, in May and June, due 
to a combination of peak summer in various parts of the country and the elections. This 
led to a step up in VMEs by OEMs due to the higher levels of channel stock. For TML, as we 
have seen in the past couple of quarters, the focus continues to remain on maintaining 
Vahan market share and correcting our wholesales for having optimal level of channel 
inventory. While our wholesales were down 1%, the revenues are down 7% due to lower 
EV sales and the weaker mix in general on the ICE side. We've maintained our pre-tax 
proﬁtability on a year-on-year basis. The EBITDA margin uplift that you see on a year- on-
year basis is largely a function of the ICE-EV mix and I will just peel it out further in the next 
slide. Next slide please. 
 
The segment ﬁnancial split of EV-ICE and EV proﬁtability. On the ICE part of the business, 
we've been able to maintain our EBITDA margin on a year-on-year basis at about 8.5% 
and substantially improved our EV pre R&D EBITDA margins by 6% on a year-on-year basis. 
This has been achieved on the back of the structural material cost reductions that we 
continue to make, further aided by the tailwinds that we have seen in the battery prices. 
This has helped oﬀset the adverse impact of VME and mix, and the loss in operating 
leverage due to the lower than anticipated volumes that we have seen this quarter. On the 
ICE side, we expect to see sequential improvement in margins in the coming quarters on 
the back of improved festive demand and the launch of Curvv. 
 
Shailesh, over to you. 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Thank you, Dhiman. So let me take you through the quick update ﬁrst, starting with the 
industry. You know, after witnessing 15% growth year-on-year in April, primarily because 
of festivities, the industry did face stress. From a registration perspective, we saw 
sequential fall in retail from 1% to 7% in May and June respectively. However, the industry 
registered wholesale growth year-on-year of 4% in May and June, that has resulted in 
increased channel inventories and we have seen that high channel stock led to discounting 
actions towards the end of Q1. 
 
Coming to Tata Motors, as was also mentioned by Dhiman, that our wholesale growth in 
Q1 was ﬂat, with steep correction that we took in June to keep the channel inventory 
under check. We maintained our Vahan market share at 13.7%, driven by sustained 
demand for Punch, CNG vehicles etc. Financial performance was sustained despite 
industry headwind and through multiple measures including the oﬀsetting measures like 

Page 9 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
structural cost, etc.  
 
 
And talking about the bright spots in the industry, it was actually interesting to see that 
the inquiries remained ﬁrm in May and June despite the declining retail and that pretty 
much indicated that in the coming months the retail is going to come back. It was 
customers who are taking slightly more time in terms of converting to retail and we did 
see some level of bounce back in July. And we expect that in the upcoming festive season, 
the demand growth is going to come. 
 
For Tata Motors, Punch has sustained itself as number one model in the industry, with 
56,000 plus sales in Q1. We also took several marketing actions that helped in generating 
strong bookings in June as well as in July, last month. And as Dhiman mentioned, that 
we are going to enter the mid-size SUV segment for the ﬁrst time, with the launch of 
Curvv, which will further help us through our volumes. 
 
In terms of challenges for the industry, we have an all-time high channel inventory with 
further buildup which happened in Q1, did add stress on the wholesales. Also, there has 
been moderation in the EV ﬂeet segment demand due to the expiry of FAME II in March 
2024. As far as we are concerned, in terms of actions, we focus on retail acceleration 
backed by eﬀective marketing campaigns, micro market focus, targeted product 
interventions, which are going to come in this coming months. There are new upcoming 
launches primarily to drive customer excitement and of course, it is also going to help us 
improve footfalls in the showroom. We are also going to expand the customer ﬂeet, you 
know, ﬂeet customer base and also strengthen our oﬀerings. And the focus on cost 
reduction will be paramount. We will continue the rigor on tight control on ﬁxed cost and 
continued eﬀort on structural cost reduction within the organization. 
 
So back to you, Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shalish. Thanks, Dhiman. Just quickly covering the overall numbers. Next slide 
please.  
On a free cash ﬂow basis this is seasonally a weak quarter for us. So we had outﬂow of 
Rs. 1300 Cr but heartening with the cash proﬁt after tax, well more than covering for the 
capex spends. That discipline continues and therefore, this Rs. 2000 Cr of cash outﬂow 
and working capital should reverse as the year progresses. So no stress here. Next slide 
please. 
 
Investment spends. The details are there for you to see. We are clocking at the Rs. 8000 
Cr rate that we had committed and we'll be there in that zone. Next slide 
 
Tata Motors Finance, as I've said earlier, the eﬀective date as far as the appointed date 
for this merger is going to be April 1st 2024. So this year's ﬁnancials of Tata Motors 
Finance, the NBFC, will be merged with Tata Capital as and when the NCLT approval is 
secured. That is just for information. But on an overall basis, the focus on growing the 
AUM while holding the portfolio quality continues. Disbursals are stepping up. We grew 
about 33% YoY basis, and all the quality metrics, and the pricing discipline, all of them 

Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
are trending in the right way. It's seasonally a weak quarter from a collection perspective 
after a blockbuster Q4 that comes through. Despite that, we had solid collections coming 
through at 97% and this needs to be seen in the context of a general election as well, 
which will aﬀect typically the cash ﬂows of most customers. And of course, the concerted 
collection eﬀorts are helping to contain GNP on an absolute basis and capital adequacy is 
under control. So this business is managing through this transition quite well. Next slide, 
please. 
 
Overall, from a from a demand perspective, we do anticipate as far as the global demand is 
concerned, it is likely to remain muted. It has been that way. It's likely to remain muted. No 
immediate changes there. Domestically, we expect a gradual improvement in the domestic 
demand during the rest of the year as the investments in infrastructure, healthy monsoons, 
favorable macros, new launches, festive demand, all of that is coming through. So there is 
a need for absolute reason why there is an optimism as far as the domestic demand buildup 
is concerned, how gradual it's going to be, we will have to wait and see. Commodities are 
also likely to remain range bound and therefore, in this situation, we are conﬁdent of 
sustaining the performance in the coming quarters, and delivering a strong year. So 
ﬁnancials wise, this business is on a strong wicket and is likely to remain that way in the 
coming quarters and the full year as well. The respective priorities for each of the businesses 
is there for you to see.   
 
Let me now turn it over for the questions which are piling up on other side. 
 
Give me a minute, please. 
 
Questions and Answers section 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Okay, let's start with commercial vehicles. This is a question from Kapil from Nomura. This 
is on commercial vehicles, so, Girish, on M&HCV July data seems to be a bit weak, 
compared to ﬁrst quarter. Any sudden changes you have noticed and should we expect 
improvement post elections and heat wave and how you see the full year? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Right. So I think, as I mentioned in the presentation, in Q1, we actually have seen a very 
good ﬂeet utilization and we are also able to track the kilometers run by the trucks which 
are on Fleet Edge, which also showed a good positive improvement over Q4. However, 
in the month of July, we have seen that the kilometer running has gone down for obvious 
reason, which is heavy rains, I think that impacted most of the infrastructure projects, 
mining operations, and it also impacted, to some extent, goods transported on highways. 
Now, we have also seen, due to this, that the customers have postponed purchases from 
the month and that has led to a drop in volume in July. If you see the our pipeline, demand 
pipeline that we have now as compared to a year back, that has not dropped to the extent 
that we have seen the drop in the wholesale volume in the month of July. Secondly, I 
think what we have seen is in the infrastructure projects, quite a few of the customers 
have informed us about payments being awaited and they are expecting the payments to 
get released starting this month from the government. So that should also lead to action. 
Now, beyond this, if you see at an overall level, I think good monsoons, while they have 

Page 11 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
impacted the demand unfavorably in July, will actually mean good in the long term. The 
policy continuity as well as higher allocation to infrastructure projects, we expect that 
once this gets into execution mode, it should start helping the M&HCV demand again. 
Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks Girish. Next question from Amyn Pirani. Let me take that. This is more an accounting 
question regarding where did the money go? If there is a Rs. 2600 Cr debt increase quarter-
on-quarter? Let me explain the numbers. As far as JLR is concerned, to the extent of the 
dividend that went out of JLR, that is neutral at a consolidated level, you are absolutely right. 
And therefore, it's only payout that went to the vendor that we have referred to in the 
notes to accounts. India is a negative FCF to some extent, that is, I have explained that 
earlier, and the debt increase that you see at an overall level is basically the dividend that 
went out of Tata Motors to its shareholders. And that's why you see it also in the Tata 
Motors net debt as well. That's the only reason why the debt has gone up, which is 
temporary. And as the proﬁts come through the quarters, you will see that correcting. 
 
Question now, this is coming, Shailesh, your way. What's the current dealer inventory in 
the India PV business? How does it compare with the industry as well as Tata Motors own 
normalized historical numbers? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Our current dealer inventory would be in between 35 days to 40 days. We do track or we 
do estimate the industry inventory levels, but since it's not a published data, I would not 
like to really share that information. In terms of normalized inventory, typically, we target 
about 30 days, so it is on a higher side. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Richard, this is coming your way. This is from Jinesh Gandhi, Ambit. With 
8.9% EBIT margin in a seasonally the weakest quarter for JLR, are we expecting any 
headwinds for margins for the remaining of FY 2025? And this is also connects to another 
question. I think it comes from Pramod in terms of the guidance for the year, is there 
anything that you would like to reiterate? And then the question on the Freelander brand 
to JLR, how does it ﬁt into the JLR's modern luxury house of brands approach and maybe 
that could be for Adrian. And also, can you talk about the timelines and any investments 
from JLR or the royalty to be paid to Chery for the EV architecture? And the last one is on 
the VME, which in JLR is at 3.2%, till what level do you plan to invest? 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay, so let me take the ﬁrst one. So, 8.9% is consistent with our full year guidance, which 
was greater than or equal to 8.5%. Headwinds, I think I've mentioned, the biggest 
headwind that we face is in relation to supply of aluminum. And we will do our damnedest 
to make sure that that does not stop us hitting our EBIT targets for the year. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Can you also comment on the Freelander brand? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah, let me do that if Adrian's not around. So, it is outside of our house of brands. This 
is going to be a license agreement where the JV in China licenses the brand from JLR 

Page 12 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
and combines it with technology from Chery to produce vehicles under the Freelander 
brand for the Chinese market initially. It is completely outside of JLR's house of brands 
and the distribution system, when we announce it will reﬂect that. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, and maybe just to add to that point, remember that CJLR is a 50:50 joint venture 
between Cherry and JLR. To that extent, whatever proﬁt CJLR derives because of the sales 
of Freelander brand, 50% of the proﬁt is attributable to JLR. That's another answer there. 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes. So, JLR will receive from that a royalty and our share of the proﬁts in that business. 
And if you think Freelander up until now has been a dormant brand and we turn it into 
a royalty ﬂow, a 50% share of proﬁts of a Chinese based EV with a British brand, you can 
see the potential that this has to be accretive to our performance therefore.  
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks. The last one is on the VME, which is at 3.2% and what level do you plan to invest? 
Richard Molyneux 
So we think it will rise a little bit further, but only marginally from these levels as we work 
through the eﬀect of the reduced supply that we will receive in the next couple of 
quarters. That hopefully, should cap the growth of VME not that much higher than the Q1 
level. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. I'm going to stay with you for a while. This is on all things, China. You 
explained the Freelander transaction, park that aside for the time being, but the 
underlying performance, CJLR wholesale declined by Q1. This came from Aditya Jhawar, 
Investec. CJLR wholesale declined Q1. Even volumes for the car shipped from UK to China 
were ﬂattish. Any sense on demand outlook in China, as well as any market share 
indications you could give, as well as the EV penetration and luxury cars in China? 
Anything that you see in that? 
Richard Molyneux 
Sure. The wholesale volumes in Q1 for the domestic vehicles were 11,800. That's higher 
than Q4, although lower than the same quarter last year. So it's certainly more diﬃcult and 
more diﬃcult at the lower price points in China at the moment. However, the import 
business we still see as strong. We don't measure or refer to market share, but we note that 
our sales are increasing YoY in China. So it reﬂects the strength of the brands, particularly 
Range Rover and Defender. We are paying close attention to it as there are certainly signals 
that demand is not at the level that we would like to see it going forward and it will be a 
focal point for us for the balance of the year to make sure that we take the necessary action. 
So it is absolutely a focal point for us. EV penetration is right at our end. To be honest, it is 
very limited at the moment. Chinese customers for Range Rover and Defender are still very 
much ICE customers. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it. Thank you. I think the next question. Sorry, Richard, I'm going to stay with you 
again. This is from Gunjan, Bank of America. Couple of questions on JLR. How substantial 
can the impact of aluminum shortage in Q2 and Q3 be? And also, can you give some color 

Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
on the CO2 emissions norms in EU in 2025 and how it aﬀects us and how do you mitigate 
the risk. I think you already covered that. 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah. So on the aluminium shortage, it is relatively new news and we are still working 
through how we can compensate. We are normally fairly good at that. Our industrial 
operations team are very good at ﬁnding alternative sources and we are also leveraging 
the Tata ecosystem to help us in this. So we are not going to give speciﬁc numbers. What 
I will say is within our full year number set, we are aiming to compensate for it such that 
we can still hit our EBIT and net cash position at the end of this year. We will work through 
it over the next few weeks. We will give you a better update at the next quarterly meeting. 
But we recognize it's a problem and we have all resource focused on short term 
mitigation and then medium term mitigation to make sure we can hold our full year EBIT 
and net cash targets. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. This next question probably I'll take it. This is from Jinesh Gandhi. Clariﬁcation 
of asset ratio for demerger at 60:40 CV:PV. This is just for the India business and not 
including JLR. Absolutely correct. It is just the standalone entity of TML that is getting 
demerged. CV is coming out of that. So for whatever is remaining is the 40%, they are 
basically investments that company holds into the PV company, EV company JLR. It is the 
investment value which is all at book value.  
Next question is from Chandramouli again, to JLR. Richard, what is the quantum of price 
hike that was taken at the start of 2025? And also can you give us some pointers on from 
this 8.9% that is there, how should we think about the journey to the 15%. How do you 
build the building blocks, any color on that? And maybe let me park and then take the 
remaining questions when you ﬁnish this. Or else I'll just be asking questions. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay, so look, pricing, we haven't taken a great deal of net pricing. So within the numbers 
that I showed you in terms of the variance, pricing is not more than about 1% net. How 
should we think about the journey to 15% EBIT margin? I'll refer that to the comments 
that I made during the investor day, where we cover that oﬀ in some detail, driving the 
slight cut in FCF outlook for JLR FY25. What I've said is that we are going to hit net cash 
and we will work through the eﬀects of the aluminum issue that I referenced in terms of 
free cash and update you next time around. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. So I think next question I think is coming into CV, LCV segment growth 
potential after a period of ﬂatness, how are you seeing that? 
 
Girish Wagh 
So I think like we mentioned at the beginning of Q1, we see that for the year, the LCV, we 
call it a small commercial vehicle segment - SCV Pick-up should actually remain ﬂat with 
respect to the last year. We will see higher growth or double digit growth in the CV 
passenger, that is, buses and van segment. And HCV and ILMCV is something we need to 
keep a watch on a quarterly basis. I think in ILCMV we do see growth continuing, which 
happened in the ﬁrst quarter also. HCV is something I think we need to keep a watch and 
how demand picks up. This is some of the factors that I spoke in the question which I 

Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
answered before. Balaji. 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, thank you. I think this. I'll bring it into you Shailesh. EV softness in the ﬂeet segment. 
Can you just explain what's happening there? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah. So, you know, there are many questions that I have been seeing around ﬂeet 
segment. So let me ﬁrst give some facts. Fleet segment is typically in EV, 10% of the EV 
sales. That is how it had been in FY 2024, which dropped to 5% to 6% in Q1. The reason 
is that in Q4, because FAME II was expiring, in Q4, we saw two to three times jump in the 
ﬂeet sales as a pre buy and that actually led to Q1 declining signiﬁcantly to the extent of 
45-50%. And that has continued and overﬂown to July also because there is also an 
expectation of FAME III announcement, which ﬂeet owners would like to wait for. So this 
is what's really happening as far as ﬂeet segment is concerned. This was the question? 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, absolutely. Then question from Gunjan on electric business, can you give a better 
color on the volume break up between personal and ﬂeet? Go for it Shailesh. 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
So I already just mentioned that it is 10% is the ﬂeet segment, which currently has dropped 
to 5% to 6%. Also, the question asked for FAME policy continuity. It would not be right to 
speak about it. Although we have been in continuous discussion with the government, we 
are hoping that the same FAME II categories of vehicles which were given the FAME beneﬁt 
would continue. And it is very important that this segment is promoted because the 
direction of Niti Aayog, when they framed the EV policy, it was focused on connected, 
electric and shared mobility. So I think government is very much focused on shared mobility. 
So we do expect, but we have to really wait and see as and when it comes. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
I think Dhiman, this is probably coming to you. How are we treating PLI? How are you 
accounting for it? Are you accruing it? Can you just give us some color? 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
Sure. Auto PLI SOP, after a long wait has been ﬁnalized and issued by the MHI on 25th July. 
As of now, on the Passenger Vehicle side, Tiago.ev is AAT certiﬁed and for which techno 
commercial audit has also been completed. So all the sales in FY 2024 done for this 
vehicle for the select trims is eligible for claiming PLI incentive. We are in the process of 
going through the SOP in detail because there have been certain changes from the last 
version that the OEMs had seen and we are studying it for all necessary compliances and 
we are planning to ﬁle the claims by 30th September. We normally take a very 
conservative accounting policy when it comes to accruals towards any new incentive 
schemes of the government and we typically take this only when the entire certiﬁcation 
claims and the cash disbursal process is fully veriﬁed and established end-to-end. You 
know, all our EV products that have been introduced are DVA compliant and the process 
for AAT certiﬁcation is underway. So we plan to complete it this quarter. 
 

Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Dhiman. I think a bunch of questions, Shailesh, on the ASPs of PV, proﬁtability of 
PV. What we saw this quarter, there's been a drop even vis-a-vis competition. How are you 
seeing it? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
You know, in the presentation, Dhiman already talked about it that in Q1, because of EV 
volumes dropping as well as, in the ICE side also there was a model mix which was under 
pressure. I think we are very conﬁdent of recovering back. We have already seen the 
recovery in July and henceforth in the coming months and with the new launches that 
we have, they should come back very strongly. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, and similarly on the CV side, Girish, despite price hikes and higher M&HCV 
contribution, CV ASPs declined on a YoY basis. Could you give us some color? Is there any 
other speciﬁc point, are we seeing any increase in discounting? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Yeah. So actually, Jinesh, from Q1 FY 2024 to FY 2025, the ASPs have gone up in CV, point 
number one. Point number two, actually, the heavy commercial vehicle salience has gone 
down. It was 30% in Q1 last year. This year it is 28%. And third, I think, which probably you 
would not have noticed is, within heavy commercial vehicles, there is a shift happening 
from multi axle vehicles to tractor trailers and that also leads to drop in average ASP. But 
despite all this, we have seen an increase in ASP YoY basis. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Girish. Next is from Binay, Morgan Stanley. Question coming to you, Richard, and 
one more person also asked down below, JLR depreciation dropped Q-o-Q. Could you 
explain, give us the reason? And secondly, your gross margins also came oﬀ Q-o-Q despite 
better mix, what drove that? And the rest of his questions have been answered. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay, so depreciation QoQ. So we stopped production of the Jaguar XE, XF and F-TYPE in 
Castle Bromwich during the quarter. So those assets are now fully depreciated. So that 
is the main cause of the drop in depreciation. Gross margin, the only eﬀect I would call 
out is, we did increase VME during the quarter as we have referenced the 3.2% on a 
retail basis, we had to take a GBP 60 million stock revaluation hit for that, for vehicles 
that we had wholesaled but not yet retailed. So on top of what I've referenced before, 
those the two items I would call out. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, got that. Thank you. I think the next question is on the capex for the current quarter. 
And is there any risk to your overall guidance? You spent a billion pounds almost this 
quarter. How does that speak to the GBP 3.5 billion that we had guided for the year? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes. So we are running a bit higher than target. That's partly because we have to continue 
development of both BEV, PHEV and ICE powertrains. Given the global transition to BEV is 

Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
going, let me say, slower and more globally patchy than many expected. We are also making 
sure we bring to market BEV solutions that are perfect for our brands, with their oﬀ road 
mastery, their luxury drive credentials. So we are learning from others that have gone 
before us, making sure our powertrains are perfect, and we will get close to GBP 3.5 billion 
by the end of the year, as I said, I expect engineering to be peaking at the level we have 
shown in Q1 and start to reduce from there. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it. Thank you. And the FCF for the current quarter is weak. How do you plan to reach the 
full year plan? I think you have covered it in your slides. You just want to give it a little bit 
more color? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, but if you net out the working capital, as you mentioned beforehand, will net out 
actually sort of free cash ﬂow before working capital is at the GBP 350 million level per 
quarter, and that's oﬀ 98,000 units. So it's not far oﬀ the type of run rate that we need. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it, thanks. Staying with you, I think you talked about the timelines for discontinuing the 
Jaguar model. This is from Rishi Vora. Can you share the volume guidance FY 2025? Most of 
the global OEMs have cut their guidance. Is there any demand pressures the company is 
witnessing? Let me clarify. We did not give a volume guidance and we are moving into 
revenue as our main measure. Having said that, anything on the demand pressure, Richard, 
that you would like to talk about? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
So I mentioned there is demand pressure in some regions of the world. Other regions 
of the world are absolutely strong. We are probably at the point now with the supply 
constraints coming our way, but certainly for the next few months, we are going to move 
into a supply constrained environment rather than demand constrained environment, 
and that will give us more time through our FMI and marketing to build, build orders back 
up for the time that we can produce them. So it's an environment where we do have 
some demand pressures, but I actually think in the next couple of quarters, the supply 
constraints are going to dominate. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it. This from Chirag, White Pine on JLR, the LR mix is at 91% and in that Range Rover plus 
Defender is at an all time high. Is this a new normal? If not, how will it aﬀect impact ASPs? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
91% certainly is a new normal until we launch the new Jaguars. Range Rover and Defender 
at all all time highs, is that a new norm? I very much hope so, and I expect so. So our sales 
during the quarter were 68%, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender. That's up 
from 64% for the same quarter last year. Again, it shows the strengths of those products 
and will allow us to continue to raise our average transaction price as we move forward. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it. Thank you. Ramanan, this is coming your way, on CV, margins. A strong 
performance in Q1, are there any one oﬀs? If not, then ideally margin should improve 
further with increase in volumes in the subsequent quarters due to seasonality, steady 

Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
pricing and commodity prices. Is that a fair assumption to make? 
 
G. V. Ramanan 
Yeah, I think it's a fair assumption to make. And in the Q1 results, there's no speciﬁc one 
offs. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it. 
 
Girish Wagh 
Let me add to this. So there is certainly no one oﬀ in the ﬁrst quarter results, I think we 
have been running a robust margin improvement program, focusing on both realizations 
as well as the cost part. On the realization front, I think as I have spoken, it's all about 
improving the competitiveness of the products, value selling and therefore improving the 
value proposition for the customer and therefore, moving the focus from discounting to 
value. And on the cost front, I think we are looking at each and every cost element, 
including material cost and we are driving that down. And all this put together, therefore, 
has helped us. Now, looking forward. Yes, I think traditionally Q1 onwards, the volumes 
keep on increasing and we will also look forward to the same, that should happen. But 
once that happens, I think, it should help us. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Girish. I think the next one from Nishit Jalan on Nexon sales. PV volumes for 
Nexon have come down signiﬁcantly in the last few months. Is this more because of new 
launches in the compact SUV segment or some shift in demand towards subcompact SUV 
Punch? Shailesh? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
You know, this was only for a month or so, if I remember. That was in May, but in June, 
again, it bounced back. And this month, the sales have been very strong for Nexon, while 
the numbers would not have got published, but from a retail perspective, this crossed 
15,000 this month. So Nexon is doing really strong and Punch is equally doing strong. So 
customers for Punch and Nexon are completely diﬀerent. Both the volumes in both these 
products are sustaining over a long period of time. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Richard, next one coming your way. The second part is from Kapil Singh. Firstly, 
he congratulates us on the Jaguar racing. What an achievement. I agree with you, Kapil, 
couldn't agree more. Question on China and EU. What are the demand conditions 
particularly in these two geographies? Is demand at its bottom or dropping further in your 
segment? And do you see a need to raise incentives here? And aluminum supply you already 
covered. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
I think I have probably covered the China and certainly China demand conditions. We do 
see it as muted and we have performed fairly well through Q1. We're going to keep a 
very close eye on it through Q2 and Q3. EU, our performance, as I have mentioned, is 
pretty ﬂat in terms of retail in EU. We do see it as a market where there is a slight trend 
upwards in terms of the level of VME that's going to be required as some of the European 

Page 18 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
manufacturers refocus their sales eﬀorts to that market. So, yes, those are probably the 
two toughest regions for us going forward. On the ﬂip side, the US remains extremely 
strong, as does overseas, and the UK is recovering very well from a diﬃcult situation a 
few months ago. So the world is not moving at one speed in the same direction in terms 
of demand. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. And just staying with you for a minute, Richard, on the order backlog from Pramod, 
UBS. Can you, can you just comment on your order backlog at JLR? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Order backlog at the end of the quarter was 104,000 units. So still in line with where we 
would be expecting it to be. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
I think second is from Ashish, Macquarie. Does JLR run the risk of a YoY ﬂattish volume 
given the supply disruption? I think the larger point is making is, are we just dependent 
on one vendor and given this will hurt other players also, is it really possible to resolve 
the issue? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 Sorry, I've lost the question. Where is it? 
 
P.B. Balaji 
This is on your aluminum supplies, Ashish, Macquarie. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Oh, there we are. Yeah, this is. This is one vendor that has had a ﬂood at a major aluminum 
processing plant. I think you will have spotted in the press. We may not be the only 
recipient of this issue. We are normally very good at ﬁnding solutions to these types of 
issues and we are working on them aggressively, both with Novelis and with all of our 
other aluminium suppliers and within the Tata ecosystem. So we think we have a decent 
chance of being able to minimize the impact on us. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Got it, Richard, thank you. The next question from Raghunandan, Nuvama. You have 
answered most of his questions, barring the one at the end. Girish, this is coming your 
way. On India CV, do you expect any favorable support for CVs in FAME III? 
 
Girish Wagh 
So yes, Raghunandan, I think FAME II was meant for buses and small commercial vehicles. 
And that's where we have seen the demand beginning in electric commercial vehicles. 
We expect similar support to be extended to trucks also and that will help seeding the 
electric trucks in some of the use cases. Some of the customers are anyway coming 
forward for that. We also expect some support or similar support to be given even to 
hydrogen as a fuel because that's also near zero-emission fuel. And that kind of support 
will also help because especially for long-distance trucking, hydrogen may be better suited 
for it. So we are looking forward to this. 

Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   August 01, 2024 
 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. The other one is an interesting question from Sonal, HSBC Mutual Fund. Can you 
explain why Tata Motors only got 4.7% of the merged capital while by assets were almost 
20%? Are there any legs to this transaction? 
 
P.B. Balaji 
I think look at the two diﬀerent books that are there, Tata Capital Books and Tata Motors 
Finance books. You will ﬁnd very diﬀerent return proﬁles which are there in each of these 
books. And second is the level of concentration that is there. It's not a diversiﬁed book in 
Tata Motors Finance. The third thing we should look at, for us to diversify that book before 
we take it to IPO, Tata Motors will have to start infusing capital into that. Then comes the 
whole regulatory framework that is there, which also needs to be managed. So from a Tata 
Motors ﬁnance perspective, the Tata Motors perspective, I think it's a peach of a deal in 
terms of going into a fully diversiﬁed entity, and adding with our assets going in there with 
almost no overlap, it increases the diversiﬁcation of that asset book and that is going to IPO 
next year, which should then give us an ability to actually monetize this. And we are 
conﬁdent that we will recoup our investments in Tata Motors' ﬁnance comfortably. So it's a 
clean deal and obviously, the valuers have looked at it comprehensively, the Board has 
looked at it comprehensively, and we quite like the way it is currently being structured. 
 
I think we are nearing the end of the question queue. Let me quickly take a look at anything 
that is missing here. One is on the JLR plant at Ranipet. We have not commented on that 
plant at all and at an appropriate time and we are ready, we will deﬁnitely talk about it. Just 
1 minute, please. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
This is from Nishit. Richard, coming your way. The JLR GBP 60 million revaluation impact 
that the Company has highlighted, was it only for the Jaguar models or includes LR as 
well? 
Richard Molyneux 
Both. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
This is the commodity reval, right, that he is referring to? 
Richard Molyneux 
I think the reval that that's referring to is stock revaluation in terms of variable marketing 
expense. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Oh, okay, cool. I think with that we are more or less done with the questions. Are we 
missing anything out there? Just a minute, guys. We'll just ensure there's nothing not 
covered. So I think we are done with this. So thank you for your time, thank you for your 
probing questions and look forward to catching up with you in the coming quarters as 
well. Thank you, and of-course, thanks Team JLR, Tata Motors here. Have a lovely evening 
Bye-bye. 
 
 
 
