               SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS & FERTILISERS LTD. 
CIN: L24100MH1993PLC071376 
        (A Government of India Recoginsed Export House) 
 An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Certiﬁed Company 
Oﬃce No. 301/302, 3rd Floor, Atlanta Center, Near Udyog Bhavan 
Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel.: + 91 22 4270 2525 Fax: + 91 22 2685 3205 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
     Date: 17th August, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
Script Symbol: SHREEPUSHK 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 539334 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held on 12th August, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our letter dated 05th August, 2024, intimating you about the 
earning conference call for Q1 & FY25 with Analysts/Investors held on 12th August, 2024, please find 
attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at https://shreepushkar.com/  
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj Manjani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Place: Mumbai 
Encl.: as above  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
..........Stable, Sustainable & Smart Chemistry Company.......... 
● Speciality Textile Dyes 
● Dyes Intermediates 
● Acids 
● Power 
● Animal Health & Nutrition 
● Fertilisers 
 
Works at - B- 102 / 103, D – 25, B – 97, D - 18, D - 10, MIDC Lote Parshuram, Taluka Khed, Dist. Ratnagiri Maharashtra, India. 
     GOTS / Approved            email: info@shreepushkar.com ● www.shreepushkar.com                        ZDHC gateway / Registered 
 
PANKAJ 
MANJANI
Digitally signed by PANKAJ MANJANI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8084, 
pseudonym=900c13e5fc7342e897baaf2
778ff34d6, 
2.5.4.20=ebc45b4a3f8756c86c6f7a9aac
6be7a3218afffcc2f1fc09c39851569727d
64f, postalCode=486001, st=Madhya 
Pradesh, 
serialNumber=f3693fbb03280ae80eb72
4c967fdc2d5e8fd0635056cabbd070f7d
041221458e, cn=PANKAJ MANJANI 
Date: 2024.08.17 17:55:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNIT MAKHARIA – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, 
SHREE 
PUSHKAR 
CHEMICALS 
& 
FERTILISERS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK BERIWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS & FERTILISERS LIMITED 
MR. NITESH PANGLE – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS 
& FERTILISERS LIMITED 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Q1 
FY25 Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Company Secretary - Mr. Nitesh Pangle. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Nitesh Pangle: 
Good evening, everyone and we welcome all the participants to Shree Pushkar Chemicals & 
Fertilisers Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Call. Joining us today from the management side, we have 
Mr. Punit Makharia - Chairman and Managing Director. We have Mr. Deepak Beriwala - Chief 
Financial Officer. 
Now, I will hand over the call to Mr. Punit Makharia for his “Opening Remarks”. Over to you, 
sir. 
Punit Makharia: 
Thank you, Nitesh, a very good evening and a very warm welcome to all my friends for the Q1 
FY25 Earning Call of Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited. 
I hope you all have an opportunity to review the Financial Results and Investor Presentation 
which have been uploaded on the Stock Exchanges as well as on the company's website. 
Friends, now we will take you through the “Financial” and “Operational Performance” of our 
company for Q1 FY25: 
We are pleased to begin FY2025 with a strong performance access to our operations, reflecting 
the effectiveness of our strategic initiatives. 
In terms of sales volumes, our chemical division achieved a significant increase with sales rising 
from 11,381 tons in Q4 FY24 to 15,943 tons in Q1 FY25, representing a 40% quarter-on-quarter 
growth and a 17.8% year-on-year increase basis. Our Fertilizer division also performed well 
with sales growing from 57,085 metric tons in Q4 FY24 to 69,722 metric ton in Q1 FY25 
reflecting a 22.1% of quarter-on-quarter increase and 23.5% on year-on-year growth. This 
overall growth in sales volume has led to 25.1% growth on quarter-on-quarter increase and a 
22.4% on year-on-year improvement in total sales reaching 85,665 metric tons in Q1 FY25. 
On the financial Performance, there has been a strong input with total revenue from operations 
increased by 1.8% quarter-on-quarter and 10.7% on year-on-year basis, reaching INR 194.2 
crores in Q1 FY25. This growth was primarily driven by the Fertilizer division, which saw a 
21.9% growth on quarter-on-quarter basis and 14% on year-to-year basis. Despite challenges in 
the chemical segments, revenue in this division grew by 6.9% on year. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Highlighting our reliance on a competitive market environment: Our CAPEX budget of INR 215 
crores was allocated last year to enhance the capacity of our chemical business through backward 
and forward integration and our Fertilizer business through manufacturing of complementary 
products. We are also committed to sustainability and in line with the commitment we are 
investing in renewable energy also. 
During the quarter, we have incurred INR 1.90 crores towards establishment of 3.8 MW DC 
solar power plant under the Open Access Scheme of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution 
Limited. This investment, along with the additional INR 6.63 crores in CAPEX invested in our 
Chemical and Fertilizer verticals is a part of INR 125 crores allocated last year for these strategic 
initiatives. The total CAPEX for these projects is being financed through internal accrual and a 
preferential issue to the promoter. The promoter has already brought in capital by exercising 
warrants. Total capital of INR 15.13 crores has been raised from the promoter by way of 
preferential allotment to promoters, ensuring that Shree Pushkar remains net cash positive 
through these investments. 
Additionally, we have a non-lien deposit facility available at INR 107.52 crores, which provide 
us with financial flexibility to support our ongoing and future investments. Looking ahead, we 
remain focused on leveraging on strength of our chemical and fertilizer division enhancing our 
operational efficiencies and sustaining the growth movement we have achieved in this quarter. 
Our strategic priorities for the remainder of the year include further capacity expansion, 
advancing our sustainability initiatives and exploring new market opportunities, all while 
maintaining a strong financial positions. We are optimistic about the macroeconomic 
environment, particularly with the contained focus on infrastructure developments and increase 
construction activities. These factors are expected to sustain demand for our products in the 
coming quarters, providing us with a solid foundation for the growth. 
Friends, now with this, I would like to hand over the phone to Mr. Deepak - our CFO, who will 
provide more details, insights into our operational and financial performance for Q1 FY25. 
Thank you. 
Deepak Beriwala: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to provide an Overview of our 
Operational and Financial Performance for Q1 FY25: 
During Q1 FY25, we achieved significant growth across both our Chemical and Fertilizer 
division. In the Chemical division, sales volume increased by 40% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
reaching 15,943 metric tons and demonstrated a 17.8% year-on-year growth. 
Our Fertilizer division also saw a robust performance with sales volume rising by 22.1% quarter-
on-quarter to 69,722 metric ton representing at 23.5% year-on-year increase. Overall 
consolidated sales volume grew by 25.1% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 22.4% on year-on-
year basis totaling 85,665 metric tons for the quarter. In Q1 FY25, our chemical division 
generated INR 91.6 crore in revenue, reflecting a 6.9% increase on year-on-year basis. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Our Fertilisers division demonstrated strong performance with revenue reaching INR 102.6 
crores at 21.8% quarter-on-quarter increase and 14% growth on year-on-year basis. Our total 
revenue grew by 1.8% quarter-on-quarter and 10.7% on year-on-year basis amounting to INR 
194.2 crores. 
On the profitability side, gross profit rose to INR 66.8 crores, marking a 5.7% quarter-on-quarter 
increase and 11.5% on year-on-year increase. EBITDA comes in at INR 17.7 crores showing a 
strong year-on-year increase of 26%. Profit after tax was INR 12.8 crores, representing a 62% 
increase year-on-year. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for any question or discussion. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Harshil Solanki from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, I have two questions, first is on the Bangladesh situation, can you throw some light on how 
much this will impact our business and on similar lines, Turkey also is a big market for us. So, 
if you can highlight the potential risk from the two markets for us? 
Punit Makharia: 
See Mr. Solanki, both Bangladesh as well as Turkey is a big market and we sell substantial 
products, volumes in Bangladesh and we have a substantial business in Bangladesh as well as in 
Turkey. First of all, let me tell you, whatever the business we do in Bangladesh, this is against 
the confirmed LCs. Without LCs, there is no business. Secondly, looking at as of now, the 
political instability in Bangladesh, what we are looking at and once we face these kinds of 
challenges in Bangladesh, definitely it was a matter of great concern for us. Few shipments were 
on the way, few shipments were at the port, so at that time we held the entire operations in 
Bangladesh. We closely evaluated the situation in Bangladesh, spoke to multiple people there 
and took their opinion and based upon our inputs, what we get from our office in Bangladesh, 
because we have got a country head based in Dhaka, and he is stationed there. And whatever the 
inputs we understood from the industrial sources, market intelligence, from our people, from  
our existing customers, in my personal opinion, presently we definitely see a problem, but this 
is not going to be a long-term issue. I think this will either continue for 15-20 days or maybe 
maximum within a month or so, I believe that this should be over. Definitely, this would be 
disturbance for coming 15-20 days, 30 days till it doesn't stabilize. But overall view of the 
government in Bangladesh and the present, Mr. Yunus Muhammad who is definitely a very 
lovely person and his main focus is on this economic and financial stability of Bangladesh. One 
of the customers has asked us to hold the shipments, rather they have said, don’t hold back the 
shipments, you can dispatch the goods. So, I don't think that in long term this is going to make 
any major impact, but yes for few more days, we can see these disturbances and based upon the 
media reports what we see from the media is bit disturbing, but what I see in Bangladesh, what 
I get inputs from there is not as worse as we saw in the media. All the units in Bangladesh have 
started, majority of them have started, people have resumed to their offices. And let me tell you 
one more thing also that Bangladesh cannot afford to ignore India because 80% economy of the 
Bangladesh is on the textiles and garments, and in that majority of the cotton is being exported 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
from India, majority of the dyes and chemical is being exported from India. So, I don't think that 
in long term it will be a major issue. As far as Turkey is concerned, particularly Turkey, we don't 
see any problem, we don't see any hiccups as of now and there are no issues in Turkey as of 
now. Yes, about the currency, it is always there, we always play safely into this currency issues 
with Turkey, but I don't see any major issue in Turkey also. So, this may be a matter of 15-20 
days more for Bangladesh. It will be stabilized. 
Harshil Solanki: 
And sir, other players are saying that more people are trying to shift to India, the textile players 
which are there in Bangladesh. So, are we hearing something from our customers and are we 
positioned to benefit if there is a shift towards India? 
Punit Makharia: 
You are asking about the textile industry in India? 
Harshil Solanki: 
Yes, the other garment manufacturers, which are there? 
Punit Makharia: 
Mr. Solanki, my personal opinion is that Bangladesh is a huge market and there the cost of 
production is extremely low in spite of that they import cotton, they import technology, they 
import chemicals. Apart from that also, it’s a huge market, and the globe cannot afford to lose 
Bangladesh because of their import duty structures, if it is done from Bangladesh. So, it has to 
be Bangladesh, maybe because of this political instability, people are thinking for various other 
options. But let me tell you once it gets stabilized, everybody will move back to Bangladesh. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, in terms of our realizations for the chemical segment have dropped by 39% Q-o-Q basis. So, 
can you highlight the reason behind this because the volumes have grown on a lower base, but 
ideally realization should have been similar, so if you divide INR 91 crores revenue by 16,000 
tons of chemical sales? 
Punit Makharia: 
So, what you are saying is that it has dropped, rather, I can see there is an increase of 7% from 
year-to-year, quarter-on-quarter, like that way. How come you are saying it is a 39% drop? I 
don't see where you saw this figure 39% drop. Because see in Q1 FY24, we did 85.7% and Q1 
FY25 we did 91.6%. So, it is 7% increase, Mr. Solanki. 
Deepak Beriwala: 
Q4 quarter 11,000 total sales and during Q1 Rs. 15,000. 
Punit Makharia: 
So, it is increased. No, it is not then decrease, increase. 
Deepak Beriwala: 
40% increase. 
Punit Makharia: 
But Mr. Solanki is saying it is decreased, sir, rather it is 40% increase Mr. Solanki in Q4 FY24 
to Q1 FY25. 
Harshil Solanki: 
I am referring to Q-on-Q, but no issues, we can take this offline separately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitya Shah from KamayaKya Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Nitya Shah: 
The first part I wanted to understand was that the solar plant that you have put up, were there 
any benefits or cost reductions due to that in this quarter visible? 
Punit Makharia: 
See about this new plant of 3.8 MW, we are yet to get the connectivity which we are hopeful to 
get it by the end of this month. So probably half of this quarter, about this Q1, you will see in 
next concall. And it is  completely established, we are just waiting for the connectivity approval 
from  MSEB. 
Nitya Shah: 
I am asking that according to you, if you could quantify the cost saving for this entire year due 
to this which would improve the margins? 
Punit Makharia: 
See, generally what we have seen in the past because we already are having two plants of solar 
which is of 2.6 MW on DC basis each. Generally, from one plant, we usually get around 32-35 
lakhs of units per year as a generation which can be around close to 3 lakhs units per month, and 
you can calculate the benefit in terms of at least INR 6 - INR. 7 per unit because we have been 
charged around INR 3 including the  losses, charges and billing charges and other charges also. 
On an average, around INR. 6.5 - INR. 7 is the benefit on the basis of per unit. 
Nitya Shah: 
So, I think this would substantially improve your margins? 
Punit Makharia: 
Definitely, because if you see in 3.8 MW DC, we should get close to 48 lakhs of units annually. 
Nitya Shah: 
And sir, in your quarter 1 result which I saw at the moment, there was an inventory gain of INR  
3 crores, so going forward, do you see any high-cost inventory impacting the margins a little bit 
in terms of cost of goods sold? 
Punit Makharia: 
But this is an ongoing process, it is difficult to say what we will get in the next quarters. 
Sometimes, we are beneficial, sometimes we are loser because, once you are in business 24 x 7, 
12 months a year, then these kind of gains or losses keep on happening every quarter-on-quarter. 
So, it is difficult to comment on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
So, my question is related to the CAPEX that we are doing of INR 215 crores, so out of this 
CAPEX, you have explained in the last question about the saving from solar power plant. So, 
my question was regarding the other CAPEX's that we are doing. So how much of the benefit 
can we expect from these CAPEX in terms of EBITDA? 
Punit Makharia: 
Total CAPEX of INR 215 crores is in various verticals, which is chemical, fertilizer, solar as 
well as in our 100% owned subsidiary in Madhya Bharat also. So overall, if you see whatever 
the CAPEX we plan and from our experience, we have seen that generally the repay back of the 
entire CAPEX is within 3-4 years. So, whatever we are putting and let me tell you these CAPEX 
is coming and will be coming in a phase wise manner. So, what you will see, this invested capital 
will go high and return on the invested capital you will see bit lesser on the basis of that because 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
this is ongoing CAPEX. We believe that the majority of the CAPEX should be completed by the 
first quarter of 25-26. And post that we will be able to see a very good performance of the 
company because this entire CAPEX we are trying to get it funded through internal accrual. I 
think in March 2024, we have invested INR 50 crores totally towards this CAPEX from the 
internal accruals. Apart from investing INR 50 crores, still company maintains 3-digit 
investment portfolio with it. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Sir, my question was regarding our current ROCE is around 10% and you have done CAPEX 
that would yield a payback period of 3-4 years. So, would it be a good assumption that in future 
our ROCE could go up to 20%-25%? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sorry, sir, I can't understand your question, but one thing I can tell you, whatever the CAPEX 
you see, whatever the capital employed you see as of now in the financials, most of that capital 
is CWIP basis. It has not started the production. So therefore, you might be calculating that the 
returns on the capital employed is less, but once the entire investment gets completed and it 
comes in a proper streamline, then you will see a decent amount of this results into this thing. I 
hope I am able to address your question or not yet. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Yes sir. Sir, my question was how much ROCE can we expect going forward? 
Punit Makharia: 
Okay sir if you have any other question along with that you can write to us, and we will try to 
address your question via our Investor Relations. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
One basic question. So, can you highlight the growth of the fertilizer segment that we achieved 
this quarter and how we witnessed such good growth and how do you see future for this segment? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, at least about this year, the first season is almost over. And as far as the second season is 
concerned, what we see as of now in the market, that there is a huge shortage in terms of the 
DAP and the present import price of the DAP is not workable towards the subsidy provided by 
the government. Though government has given an additional subsidy in terms of DAP for INR 
3,500 per tons, but I don't think that is also going to be any kind of beneficial to government. 
Looking at these aspects, DAP will be in short supply. Apart from that presently some kind of 
supply chain disturbances also because of the global geopolitical issues, I particularly see that 
this season is going to be very good for the fertilizer business. And hopefully, we are trying to 
at least get a 20%-25% growth in terms of fertilizer business compared to the last year. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
And my last question, another basic question, so one clarification is our chemical division only 
majorly serves textile and dye segment, is the understanding correct? 
Punit Makharia: 
Majorly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Darshil Pandya: 
Sir, just one follow up question regarding your guidance that you have given for the full year, 
are we maintaining that? 
Punit Makharia: 
We have given a guidance to at least 15% growth in terms of topline and because generally if 
you see that our quarter 1 is always the most lean period during the whole year and generally it 
keeps on improving,  Q2 is better, than Q3 is more better and Q4 is the best period amongst what 
we have seen based upon our experience. And whatever the guidance we have given that there 
will be a minimum of 15% growth. We hopefully to achieve a minimum of 15% growth in the 
topline and the profitability will be greatly improved. 
Darshil Pandya: 
And sir, on the EBITDA margin front because we heard you saying 16%-17% kind of percent 
of margins that would be doing for the fiscal? 
Punit Makharia: 
Still this year, we believe that we should be able to achieve 12%-13% of EBITDA margin at 
least in this financial year because after two years of the meltdown, we are seeing this stabilizing 
year in this particular year. So, I think this will slowly and gradually improve and in this financial 
year, we are quite confident that at least we will achieve 12%-13% of the EBITDA margin. And 
substantially, for the next year 25-26, we should be back to our earlier margins, which major of 
the distance we will cover in this financial year. 
Darshil Pandya: 
And sir, you said the CAPEX would be live by Q1 FY26. So, we are confident of achieving that? 
Punit Makharia: 
Achievement of what, confidence of what? 
Darshil Pandya: 
CAPEX will be live by Q1 FY26? 
Punit Makharia: 
So hopefully we should be able to do that, and I don't see any particular hiccups for not doing 
so because seeing the company has got finances, we are ready with them. We are not banking 
on any kind of borrowings. The company has got a decent and very excellent team in the 
industry. We got all technical expertise, so I don't see  any specific hiccups for not achieving it. 
At the most, this could be one or two months here and there. That is all. Nothing else could be 
there. 
Darshil Pandya: 
And looking at the fertilizer volume for this quarter, we are confident on achieving 3 lakh tons 
for this year? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, I fail to understand why you are saying confident of achieving this CAPEX, why you are 
saying confident of achieving sales target, sir, will you please don't ask me about my confidence, 
I have got a better confidence than what you have on your questions. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Really sorry, if you are upset with this, just asking because the EBITDA guidance that the last 
week we got was 16%-17%, so asking for the confident answer. 
Punit Makharia: 
We always said that the company has got a potential of achieving EBITDA margins of 15%-
17%, this is always said that. Still, I maintain the same, but my humble submission to you is that 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
since we have been seeing a depression here for the last 2 to 2.5 years, this year, we see a good 
business stability and sustainability. In this particular year, we see an easy growth of at least 
12%-13% EBITDA margins. Subsequently, in the next financial year that is FY25-26, we are 
quite hopeful to achieving our earlier EBITDA margins of 15%-17%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Jain from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhaval Jain: 
Sir, I just wanted to know that you said that the Bangladesh issue or whatever unrest is happening 
over there, so it might hamper your teams over there for a month or 20 days. I just wanted to 
know out of this INR 91 crores of dyes that we have done this year, how much contributes to 
Bangladesh and how much contributes to Turkey if you have a number? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, approximately 35% would be contributing to Bangladesh and Turkey. 
Dhaval Jain: 
Sir, 35% cumulatively Bangladesh and Turkey together? 
Punit Makharia: 
Approximately, I am saying. And out of total volume, if you will see out of INR 91 crores, 35%, 
generally we do annual business of around INR 35 crores also to Bangladesh and Turkey and 
our total volume if you see this is around 5%. 
Dhaval Jain: 
I just have one more question. I think the first participant mentioned that the realization has 
decreased instead of the chemical volumes increasing Q-o-Q, Y-o-Y, we see a growth of 7% in 
revenue as well as volumes of 17%, but I see a dip in the realization Q-o-Q, so I just needed to 
know the reason for that? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, basically the prices have depressed in Q1 in comparison with the Q4 and that is a bit deep 
into this realization, wherein the volumes we have grown because the raw material prices have 
come to stability. Earlier, the prices were bit on higher side, so that is mainly affecting that and 
that is mainly because of the acid business also that has increased in Q4 to Q1. 
Dhaval Jain: 
And going forward, like the prices or the realization is going to improve. This is like the bottom 
down? 
Punit Makharia: 
So, prices have come to stability, I don't see any major changes into the pricing sector as of now. 
So, this will keep on maintaining a similar trend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Sir, can you please throw some light on the demand of dyes and dyes intermediaries? Is it 
increasing Q-o-Q, how is it trending from last 2-3 quarters? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, basically business is coming to stability in comparison with earlier period and we see that 
there is a decent amount of demand. And in my personal opinion, the first improvement is visible 
in demand. Then the second improvement is visible through the pricing. So, I see a good demand 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
as of now. And let me tell you, the company already having at least 35 to 40 days of the order 
book presently in our hand in spite of our increased capacity in Unit 5 also. We are running our 
plants up to a decent capacity and we have good number of orders for that. 
Aditya Sen: 
And if you can share the utilization of both segments, fertilizer and chemicals? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, it is around 70%-75% of the utilization in chemicals as well as in fertilizers on consolidated 
basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Sir, you just said that you have an order in hand of 40 to 45 days. So usually do we have a similar 
kind of order book or is it usually lesser and we have currently more orders in hand given the 
demand? 
Punit Makharia: 
Generally, we always have a 15 to 20 days order book in terms of fertilizer. In dyes, we have 
generally almost a month order book as well as same in intermediates also, around 15 to 20 days, 
so now on this overall basis if you will see that we have got good volumes and demand as in 
fertilizers also and in dyes intermediates also. So totally if you will see that we have good order 
book for at least 35 to 40 days. But based upon our earlier experience if you see that the order 
position has improved, there is a lot of inquiry, lot of demand also, so overall the situation has 
improved much better in comparison with the last quarters. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
And my next question is a basic question. So, our margins have dropped to 8% from our historic 
margin of 15% to 17%. So, can you explain the reason behind it? 
Punit Makharia: 
I have already addressed this question in my earlier replies. I said for the last 2 to 2.5 years the 
entire industry was in a bit of depression. Now the situation has started improving and in this 
particular year, if I see and I am quite confident that the company would be achieving close to 
7%-8% of PAT margin and around 12%-13% of EBITDA margin. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
And this is particularly to the chemical side, right? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, we always talk about on a console basis, which includes of our 100% owned subsidiaries as 
well as our Fertilizer and Chemical division jointly together because looking at our business 
model, we don't calculate segment wise profitability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Punit Makharia for closing comments. 
Punit Makharia: 
Thank you very much everyone for joining our Q1 FY25 Earning Call. We believe that if you 
have any further questions, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Advisor, 
Churchgate Partners, and we will be happy to address all your queries. Thanks once again. Take 
care. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shree Pushkar Chemical & Fertilisers, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference  
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited 
 
 
