July 25, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),      
Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Limited
Corporate Relations Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Symbol: LTF 
 Security Code No.: 533519 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department / Dept of Corporate Communications 
Sub: Transcript of investor(s) / analyst(s) meet – Q1FY2024-25 financial performance 
and strategy update 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the investor(s) / analyst(s) meet for Q1FY2024-25 financial performance and 
strategy update held on July 18, 2024.  
The above information is also available on the website of the Company i.e., 
www.ltfs.com/investors. 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For L&T Finance Limited 
(formerly known as L&T Finance Holdings Limited) 
Apurva Rathod  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
APURVA 
NEERAJ 
RATHOD
Digitally signed 
by APURVA 
NEERAJ RATHOD 
Date: 2024.07.25 
15:24:11 +05'30'

    Page 1 of 16 
L&T Finance Ltd. 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
July 18, 2024 
Management Personnel: 
Mr. Sudipta Roy (Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer) 
Mr. Sachinn Joshi (Chief Financial Officer) 
Mr. Raju Dodti (Chief Operating Officer) 
Mr. Karthik Narayanan (Head – Strategy and Investor Relations) 

Page 2 of 16
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to L&T Finance Limited Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
We have with us today: Mr. Sudipta Roy, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Sachinn Joshi, CFO; and Mr. Raju 
Dodti, COO; and other members of the senior management team. 
Before we proceed, as a standard disclaimer, no unpublished price-sensitive information will be shared during the 
conference call. Only publicly available documents will be referred to for discussions during interactions in the 
call. While all efforts would be made to ensure that no unpublished price-sensitive information will be shared, in 
case of any inadvertent disclosure, the same would, in any case, form part of the recording of the call. Further, 
some of the statements made on today's call may be forward-looking in nature. A note to this effect is provided in 
the Q1 results presentation sent out to all of you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sudipta Roy to share his thoughts on the company's performance and the strategy 
of the company going forward. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sudipta Roy: 
A very good morning to all of you. I welcome you to the investor call for the first quarter of FY25 for L&T Finance. 
With me on the call are our CFO, Mr. Sachinn Joshi, our Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Raju Dodti, and the senior 
management teams of L&T Finance. 
During my last interaction with you, at the end of FY24, I had informed all of you about the various investments 
that we are making for strengthening the company and upgrading our capabilities across domains. In this call, I 
will provide further details about the progress that we have made during the quarter. As far as our core business 
franchise is concerned, it stands in a satisfactory shape which is evidenced by the numbers posted by us in 
Q1FY25 with the highest ever quarterly PAT, and I'm hopeful that in FY25, our steady performance trajectory will 
continue. 
Today's call is divided into two sections, taken up sequentially by myself and our CFO, Mr. Sachinn Joshi, who 
will be talking about the overall business metrics and the financial performance.  
Post our opening commentary, we'll be happy to take questions on the call. 
Q1FY25 Highlights 
I would like to start the call by sharing with all of you that our performance during the quarter has been upto our 
expectations and in line with the guidance provided by us in the last few quarters. We have registered the highest 
ever quarterly Consol PAT of Rs. 686 Cr, a growth of 29% year on year (YoY), on the back of healthy Retail 
disbursements growth of 33% YoY with Retail quarterly disbursements standing at Rs. 14,839 Cr.  
Our Retail book now stands at Rs. 84,444 Cr, a growth of 31% YoY. These numbers reflect the strength of the 
Retail franchise that we have created over the years which has been further sharpened by our 5 pillar execution 
strategy and I am happy to state that the Company is now sustainably accelerating its journey towards becoming 
a top-class, digitally enabled and a customer focused retail financier.  
We are continuously working towards providing results that are predictable and sustainable quarter on quarter 
and our Q1 result is another step in that direction 

Page 3 of 16
Lakshya 2026 Goals at Consol Level: Our performance 
Having met Lakshya 2026 goals at the Retail level 2 years in advance in Q3FY24, we re-oriented ourselves for 
convergence at the consolidated level by FY26 and took new enhanced targets for ourselves. Our quarterly 
performance against the new targets are as follows:  
•
Our Lakshya goal was to achieve Retailisation of >95%. I am pleased to share that we have reached the 95%
level this quarter
•
Our Lakshya goal was to maintain Retail book growth at >25% CAGR. Against this, in Q1FY25, we achieved
a growth of 31% YoY, which was coincidentally exactly the same growth registered by us in the last quarter
as well
•
While we have maintained the Retail GS3 & NS3 levels within the threshold levels (Retail GS3 at 2.79% and
NS3 at 0.62% for Q1FY25), we are working towards converging Consol GS3 & NS3 below 3% & 1%
respectively. The corresponding Consol numbers stood at 3.14% and 0.79% at the end of Q1FY25
•
On the RoA front, we had communicated in the quarter gone by that as far as tracking RoA is concerned, we
are moving from tracking Retail RoA to Consol RoA in the range of 2.8%-3.0% as per our original Lakshya
2026 targets. I am happy to share that our Consol RoA for Q1FY25 stands at 2.68%, up 55 bps YoY, which
in the last year same quarter stood at 2.13%.
In this regard, I would like to draw your attention to Page No. 5 of the Investor Presentation, wherein we have 
provided the journey of our RoA trajectory over the last 10 quarters in great detail, since the Lakshya goals were 
adopted. You will be happy to see that we have been making steady progress towards achieving our stated 
Lakshya 2026 goals. 
I would now like to quickly run you through the key highlights of our performance in Q1FY25. 
•
Highest ever quarterly Consol PAT of Rs. 686 Cr, a growth of 29% YoY
•
Quarterly Retail disbursements at Rs. 14,839 Cr, a growth of 33% YoY. Our acquisition engines and execution
strategy ensured that the disbursements remained almost at the same level as last quarter, wherein we had
posted the highest ever quarterly retail disbursement figures.
•
Q1FY25 Retail book stood at Rs. 84,444 Cr vs. Rs. 64,274 Cr in Q1FY24, implying a growth of 31% YoY.
Consol book growth has picked up pace growing at 13% YoY reaching Rs. 88,717 Cr in Q1FY25
•
As shared in the last 3 quarterly updates, the 5 Pillar strategy continues to be central to our roadmap to the
future. The organisation continues to granularly execute the 5 Pillar strategy, details of which are available
from Slide No. 11 in the investor presentation
•
Sustained focus towards improvement in credit parameters across businesses ensured Consol GS3 and NS3
reaching 3.14% and 0.79%, respectively. The Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR) currently stands at
comfortable 75%, up from 71% during the same period last year
Macro-economic outlook: 
Now, I would like to give you some flavour on the Macro-economic scenario and progress of monsoon before 
proceeding to the 5 pillars of our execution strategy.  
As far as the global economy is concerned, growth forecasts for 2024 have been raised in recent months by 
multilateral organisations and rating agencies during Q1FY25. These upward revisions reflect higher growth 
prospects, especially for India.  
The country’s GDP growth rate outlook for FY25 was revised by the RBI from 7% to 7.2%, with S&P Global 
upgrading India’s sovereign rating outlook to ‘positive’ from ‘stable’. High frequency indicators indicate a continued 
momentum in manufacturing and services sector activities so far in Q1FY25. However, pockets of concern remain 
around the ongoing weakness in rural demand, which is expected to recover as per the latest monsoon 
progression and distribution estimates for the country coupled with an expectation of enhanced fiscal support to 
aid rural consumption. Urban consumption, on the contrary, is projected to remain steady in FY25, albeit uneven. 

Page 4 of 16
As far as retail loan growth momentum is concerned, retail loans in the non-agri space are projected to grow 
healthily during the year, aided by positive macro indicators and steady appetite for home loans, two wheelers 
and SME loans.  
On the monsoon front, IMD has predicted a high probability (61%) of above normal south-west monsoon rains in 
2024 with La Nina conditions likely to develop during Aug-Sep’24, with some areas in Northwest, East & Northeast 
likely to receive below normal rainfall.  
While monsoon progression and distribution remained skewed in June, it has gradually progressed in July. The 
“active” phase of monsoon progress, which commenced in July, has already wiped out the overall 10% deficit 
witnessed in June.  
To conclude, a few challenges still persist for the NBFC sector in FY25, namely - access to funding at competitive 
rates, tight liquidity conditions, the ‘higher-for-longer’ global policy rate regime and elevated competitive pressure 
especially from banks. We will continue to keep a close watch on the emerging scenarios, across products and 
customer segments to shape our policies and chart out the future course of action accordingly. 
As mentioned earlier, I would now like to dive deeper into the ‘5 pillars of execution’ which will help us in creating 
a sustainable & predictable retail franchise: 
1.
Customer Acquisition - As far as the first execution pillar is concerned, we are continuously working on
deepening the customer acquisition funnel both, horizontally i.e. greater geographical coverage as well as
vertically, which is greater counter share at dealer points. In this quarter as well, the numbers reflect the
continued momentum of horizontal and vertical deepening. For instance, the number of new villages / zero
disbursement villages activated for Rural Group Loans & MFI (RBF) stood at 21,832 in Q1FY25, as against
21,524 villages in the last quarter. Similarly, our Two-Wheeler distribution points increased to 11,178 from
10,711 in Q4FY24. This granular distribution surface area increase has enabled us to continue our growth
momentum in both RBF and TW businesses, while maintaining a healthy and a risk calibrated portfolio.  We
have given out details for all relevant lines of business in slide nos. 12 & 13 of the investor presentation.
2.
Sharpening Credit Underwriting - In the last quarter, I had mentioned that one of the most important focus
areas for us is building and continuously sharpening our next gen credit underwriting models. The highlight
of this quarter is the deployment of the beta version of our proprietary digital credit engine, ‘Project Cyclops’,
the first of its kind engine in the industry which facilitates a thorough credit underwriting on a multi-dimensional
axis. The AI-ML powered underwriting engine facilitates an in-depth assessment of the customer’s potential
by ingesting bureau, account aggregator and alternate trust signals at scale using ML based ensemble
scorecards built after an extensive data analysis and overlay of historical credit performance data. The same
has been explained in greater detail on page no. 14 of the investor presentation.
The beta version of this engine, which is currently operating with 14 ML scorecards has been deployed at
various Two-Wheeler dealers in the country and the initial trends are encouraging. In the next phase, we
intend to scale up deployment in the Two-Wheeler Finance business, further amplify the data sources and
eventually implement it across all our lines of businesses starting with Personal Loans, Farmer Finance &
SME Finance by the end of this financial year.
With 'Project Cyclops', we are hopeful that our underwriting capabilities will become more comprehensive and
accurate, enabling us to make faster and more informed decisions at scale. I am sure that this engine will

Page 5 of 16
significantly add to the underwriting depth of the Company and help create a deeper moat in our fulcrum 
businesses.  
Additionally, you may refer to page nos. 15 and 16 of the investor presentation, wherein we have explained 
the strength of our credit guardrails in the Rural Business Finance business revolving around customer 
leverage and group indebtedness, which leads to enhanced portfolio resilience. 
3.
Futuristic Digital Architecture - We are committed to becoming one of the pre-eminent technology driven
lenders in the country. As detailed in the last quarter, our technology efforts are divided on 4 quadrants,
namely designing superior customer experience, application & process engineering, augmenting IT
infrastructure and strengthening information security. In the last quarter, the BRAKE App, our in-house
collections application went live. I had informed you that we had started working on a revamped customer
portal and the next generation of our Planet App. It is heartening to share with all of you that the app, which
has emerged as an important servicing tool for our customers has achieved a significant milestone of crossing
10 million downloads in Q1FY25. We also launched PLANET 2.0, which is aimed at enhancing the experience
of our customers. During the quarter, while we launched certain journeys like DIY Home Loan, others were
revamped like Rural Business Finance sourcing app, and customized to meet user expectations, in line with
our philosophy of customer centricity. We will constantly harness cutting-edge technology to simultaneously
enhance the customer experience as well as improving our operational metrics.
4.
Brand Visibility - In my last interaction with you, I had stated that we will augment our brand visibility to build
customer mindshare for L&T Finance in our operating lines of businesses. Over the last few quarters, we
have invested in building visibility around high traffic customer points like airports and in-flight advertising on
the urban side and wall paintings and melas on the rural side. As I had mentioned in the last call, our multi-
lingual Sonic Identity, which was launched a few months back is now being used both internally and externally
for building greater recall and association with the brand.
During the quarter, we launched our first integrated marketing campaign for our Housing Finance business
‘The Complete Home Loan’, which generated sizeable leads for us and aided in overall lift in awareness of
our brand. The integrated Home Décor Finance proposition is a first of its kind in the industry and addresses
a whitespace in the home buying process for our customers. In the coming quarters, we will be working on
Integrated Marketing Campaigns for our other businesses, with the TW business being next in line.
5.
Capability Building - On the capability building front, we have further strengthened the Risk and Compliance
culture in the organisation by creating a 3-tier compliance structure i.e. a Central compliance, a Business
compliance and a Regional compliance structure, reporting to the Chief Compliance Officer. To ensure the
robustness of our compliance framework, a separate compliance testing team has been created for
continuous monitoring and testing.
I am happy to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work for the period May 2024 to May
2025. This certification is based on a survey and feedback from over 21,000 employees and underscores our
continuous dedication to create a workplace that fosters growth, development, and well-being for all
employees. At LTF, we are continuing to invest in our people and culture, thereby driving excellence in
business and other related spheres. This recognition also highlights our dedication to fostering diversity and

Page 6 of 16
inclusion, promoting employee engagement, and developing talent. We are proud of this recognition and will 
continue to aim for excellence in all aspects of our organization. 
Now, I will request our CFO, Mr. Sachinn Joshi to take you through the financial updates for the quarter. 
Financial updates 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Thank You, Sudipta. As always, I will be walking you through the financial performance of the company for the 
quarter gone by. 
Quarterly Performance: 
•
Our Net Interest Margin + Fees at 11.08% vs. 9.64%, is up 144 bps YoY owing to change in portfolio mix and
Weighted Average Cost of Borrowing remaining stable
•
Highest ever quarterly Consol PAT at Rs. 686 Cr was up 29% YoY
•
Healthy quarterly retail disbursements of Rs. 14,839 Cr, up 33% YoY
•
Retail book stands at Rs. 84,444 Cr (up 31% YoY) on the back of healthy retail disbursements during Q1FY25.
Our Consol book stands at Rs. 88,717 Cr. This is the first time we have shown a double digit growth after a
long period of time, this is up 13% YoY
•
Consol RoA stands at 2.68%, up 55 bps YoY
•
Consol RoE at 11.58%, up 186 bps YoY
Retail Businesses: 
Rural Business Finance 
The business registered highest ever quarterly disbursements of Rs. 5,773 Cr (up 28% YoY). The book size 
crossed Rs. 25,000 Cr milestone in Q1FY25. 
Farmer Finance 
In Farmer Finance, disbursements stood at Rs. 1,903 Cr in Q1FY25 (up 8% YoY & 24% QoQ). This has led to 
our book size reaching Rs. 14,204 Cr, reflecting a growth rate of 8% YoY. With the current positive trajectory of 
the monsoons, we are hopeful that this business momentum will improve as compared to the previous year. 
Urban Finance 
This segment, which comprises of Two-Wheelers, Personal Loans and Home loans / LAP businesses, saw a 44% 
YoY jump in overall quarterly disbursements and a 32% YoY jump in the book size, which increased from Rs. 
29,261 Cr in Q1FY24 to Rs. 38,653 Cr in Q1FY25. 
•
Two-Wheeler Finance: The TW business registered robust disbursements of Rs. 2,621 Cr in the quarter,
which is more than the disbursements made in a festive quarter (Q3FY24 disbursement at Rs. 2,540 Cr). The
disbursements were up 52% YoY from Rs. 1,726 Cr in the same quarter last year. The growth for the segment
was aided by activation of new dealership points during the quarter, as well as continued focus on Prime
disbursements. Additionally, LTF achieved 150% YoY growth in EV vehicles financed and received a strong
reception for its offering under the Superbike segment. The book size has crossed Rs. 12,000 Cr milestone
(Rs. 12,025 Cr), up 31% YoY.

Page 7 of 16
•
Personal Loans: This business witnessed disbursements worth Rs. 1,178 Cr, as against Rs. 1,162 Cr in
Q1FY24 and the book size stood at Rs. 6,667 Cr, an increase of 11% YoY. Risk calibrated growth in this
segment was aided by new digital processes and expansion of physical distribution through the DSA channel
focusing on salaried prime customers.
•
Retail Housing: The quarterly disbursements stood at Rs. 2,245 Cr (up 73% YoY). The book size reached
closer to the Rs. 20,000 Cr milestone, an increase of 42% YoY. Sustained business momentum in this
business through collaborative launches with prime developers across top locations. Additionally, the launch
of LTF's 'The Complete Home Loan' offering across 11 locations drove higher lead generation which should
lead to tangible results over the next few quarters. The Home Décor finance package of The Complete Home
Loans programme has seen a good customer acceptance and we expect increased penetration of this add-
on to lead to greater customer stickiness as well as higher portfolio yields.
•
SME Finance: Our Q1FY25 disbursements stood at Rs. 978 Cr, up 61% YoY. The book size reached Rs.
4,471 Cr in Q1FY25. Strong growth in business volumes were aided by focus on building additional channels
to diversify the existing sourcing funnels.
I will now hand over the call back to Sudipta to make his closing statements 
Sudipta Roy: 
In conclusion I would like to state that, in the quarter gone by, we are satisfied with our progress on achieving our 
Lakshya 2026 goals and we will continue to remain focused on granular execution of our strategy in the quarters 
to come. We would like to open the floor now for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of 
Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. Congratulations, first of all. My first question is on the MFI business, that you, of 
course, articulated why your collections have been consistent through the years, and that's well articulated even 
in your presentation when we discussed with you. However, all lenders have complained about collections this 
quarter, in the first quarter because of elections and heatwave. Of course, there have been state-specific issues 
as well, but more so to do with collections and heatwave. Sir in these conditions, how did you incentivize your 
collections team better than others to achieve better outcomes because everyone is complaining about collection 
efficiency in the first quarter. That's my first question on the MFI business. 
And the other one is that -- I mean what is possibly competition not doing right to have issues in MFI over the last 
2 quarters, which you've not seen. So, these are my 2 questions on MFI. Then I just have some -- one more 
follow-up question on SRs, so in security receipts if you could give some colour on when you think a lot of 
realization will happen, by which year? How it's progressing? Any comments you can give either on the fair 
valuation or visibility of realization of SRs? That's the second part of my question. 

Page 8 of 16
Sudipta Roy: 
Thanks, Mahrukh. I'll take your first question first. I would like to state that I think collection efficiency and 
collections discipline is a culture. And over the many years that L&T Finance has been present in the microfinance 
business, the culture of disciplined collections efforts and disciplined execution and granular execution on the 
ground has held us in good stead. And I think it has also helped us during this period as well. And plus, also, I 
would like to state the fact that our prudent credit assessment and our prudent credit guardrails administration 
where we not only take the household income, but also, we follow association norms, also we follow leverage 
norms very judiciously also has helped us to maintain a pristine asset quality. Almost 40% of our customers are 
our exclusive customers, who are obviously non-leveraged. So, if I look at our collection efficiency in the last 
quarter, our collection efficiency is holding in the range of about 99.6%-99.7% levels backed by the robust credit 
guardrails that we follow. With improved prospects of monsoons and monsoons have been good, till about middle 
of July and the progress is satisfactory, I do believe that it will lead to sort of improvement into healthy rural credit 
demand as well as rural incomes. And we are hoping that sort of the indications of stress that might have been 
visible in the first couple of months probably will dissipate on the back of a good monsoon. We expect that our 
portfolio quality will remain absolutely stable, and we are sort of confident of our expected growth trajectory for 
the rest of FY25. 
Your second question was about the competition, I cannot comment on competition and the fact is that everyone 
follows their own practices. We are focused on making sure that whichever MFI customers that we onboard are 
of low risk and non-leveraged quality. And we have a very strong portfolio management practice, which actually 
keeps a watch on the leverage levels of the customer. And the moment we have sort of any signals of a customer 
getting leveraged beyond our thresholds, we stop disbursing to that customer. That actually discipline has helped 
us to maintain a sort of a very balanced portfolio and maintaining high collection efficiencies on ground. 
As regards to the SR book, as I said in the last investor call that the resolution pathways are visible. Many of the 
projects which had been sort of lingering for a period of time, actually, construction has started. The secondary 
sale of the apartments in those under construction projects have started. We have the visibility of the cash flows. 
But as you understand, this is a long drawn out process. It is not something that you flip a switch, and you get an 
instant result. So, we'll continue our efforts. And I do hope that over a period of maybe next anywhere between 
about 10 to 14 quarters, that is what it will take for us to sort of come to our overall sort of granular realization of 
these portfolios. As we have maintained in the call previously, we are hopeful that once this process is over, it will 
lead to a net gain for LTF and our sort of wholesale banking teams as well as our commercial real estate teams 
who are monitoring these projects, they remain engaged very granularly on the ground with the developers and 
the promoters of these projects, and we are tracking everything in these projects very, very minutely and closely. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
Two book-keeping questions. First one is on your cost of funding and interest cost linkage. So, if we were to look 
at the numbers for the quarter, your interest cost is close to Rs. 1,350-odd Cr. That means that annualized run 
rate of Rs. 5,400-odd Cr and your average cost of borrowing you reported is 7.85% that if we do the reverse math, 
it suggests more like a Rs. 70,000 Cr borrowing, but your borrowing reported is Rs. 80,000-odd Cr. And even if 
you do the average, I mean the Rs. 70,000 Cr calculation. So, where I mean, what is sort of, I understand the 
daily balance method, but it's still that your cost of funding and interest cost and the borrowing. I mean struggling 
a bit to kind of link. That's one. 
The second one is, within the part of credit cost that around Rs. 155 Cr losses on the account of derecognition of 
assets. But if I see the disclosures in this quarter, there has been just 1 loan -- standard loan that you have sold, 
that is worth Rs. 200-odd Cr. So, from where this Rs. 155 Cr, if I understand correctly typically, where loans you 

Page 9 of 16
are selling to ARC and all typically will recognize it will go out of your loan book and sit in investment book, and 
that recognizes Rs. 155 Cr. So, from where this is coming if you can help. These are the 2 questions? 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Okay. Thank you, Avinash. The first question, let me take on the cost of borrowings. The closing book, of course, 
total borrowings are at Rs. 80,295 Cr. But the actual average borrowing because the book has been growing over 
a period of time, the average borrowing for the quarter are just Rs. 69,100 Cr. And this, if you look at, compared 
to the previous year, Q1FY24, the average borrowings were just about Rs. 70,559 Cr on a much lower book. The 
reason for that was in the last year, we had not completed the merger process, and we were running 3 different 
balance sheets, which meant that the liquidity was to be maintained across all the 3 balance sheets as per the 
LCR norms. So, the actual average borrowings being much lower. The overall growth, if you see, it is actually 
minus 2% growth on a YoY basis. And even over the quarter, it's just about 1%. And if you apply a weighted 
average cost of 7.85%, you will get the results. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes, that's clear. I mean this Rs. 11,000 Cr kind of a gap between what we have seen in balance sheet and what 
is the daily average balance that -- I mean was understood. That was my question, its answered, I mean, but yes 
Rs. 10,000 Cr – Rs. 11,000 Cr difference on a kind of Rs. 80,000 Cr, it was pretty big. The second question on 
that loss on derecognition. 
Sachinn Joshi: 
Avinash, can you repeat the second question? We couldn't really hear. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. So, I mean, you have kind of a different parts of your credit cost. So, if I go with your -- yes, Ind AS filing, 
there is a Rs. 155 Cr reported loss on derecognition of loan at amortized cost. Generally, I would understand this 
would be typically when you are selling loans and getting SRs and all kind of a thing for that. But in this quarter, 
in the same filing, if I see, there is just 1 loan that you have sold, that also a standard loan for 200 -- I mean that 
loan was Rs. 200 Cr. So, where this Rs. 155 Cr line item is coming from? What have you derecognized from loan 
book and investment look. 
Sachinn Joshi: 
So, there are different components, which form part of the overall credit cost. One is the mark-to-market, which is 
there on account of fair value changes. Second part is the ECL provisions that we make. And third part is the 
foreclosure losses that we have, which get incurred when we actually do the repossession and foreclosure and 
whatever proceeds come that also come as part of the credit cost and the ultimate gap between the actual value 
on the books and what we recover comes in as a hit to the P&L. So, these are broadly the 3 components that 
come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just two questions. One is if you could share some colours on the top state exposures in microfinance. And the 
second one is slightly more qualitative. Some of the banks and NBFCs are raising some concerns in the personal 
loan business with higher delinquencies, increasing customer leverage. I know we are going live on the new 
model. We are starting to do business with DSAs now, but are we kind of tightening the stream? And what is it 
that we are watching for? 

Page 10 of 16
Sudipta Roy: 
So, Nischint, I will take your first question. Our top states are Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Bihar. These are mainly our 
3 top states. And the fact is that our asset quality in all these states remain stable. And what we have been trying 
to do over the last couple of quarters is sort of bring down the overdependence on a couple of states and try to 
expand into the new sort of geographies or territories, which are lesser penetrated and have less MFI penetration 
and correspondingly less leverage. So that is what's been our strategy. So that's the first question. 
The second question is on personal loans. Yes, on personal loans, as I said, we are focused on prime and near 
prime personal loans, especially on the salaried segment. And our personal loans, if you see our -- the new 
acquisition engine, the new credit engine. The new credit engine is not live on personal loans yet. It will become 
live on personal loans towards the latter part of the year. But the fact is that overall, on a credit policy perspective, 
we have tightened most of the guardrails. As you can see, our Personal Loans year-on-year sort of growth is only 
1% odd. And so that is why on Personal Loans, we have been very, very cautious and judicious and the 
underwriting standards, especially for Personal Loans have been increased. Though previously, we used to 
underwrite Personal Loans completely on a sort of a machine algorithm basis. Now we have introduced manual 
underwriting on Personal Loans above particular ticket sizes, where post the machine BRE goes through and 
human being also looks at most of the loans and looks at most of the parameters. So, we're very guarded in 
scaling up this particular portfolio. And whatever we do -- we can assure you that it will be on a risk-calibrated 
basis and primarily to the salaried segment. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Perfect. Just one small question, what would be the average yield on loans in home loans? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Average yield -- would be about -- we do not give out the exact numbers, they will be in the range of about -- close 
to about 9%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
This is practically the prime segment, prime or near prime. 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. Yes. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Perfect. Those are my questions and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Chintan Shah: 
Congratulations sir, on strong set of numbers. Sir, my question is on the Two-Wheeler business. So, on the Two-
wheeler, the sector seems to be growing – the two-wheeler sales seem to be growing around in single digits, 
whereas our growth is around more than 25% odd. So how do we expect the growth to sustain in the Two-Wheeler 
segment? 
That is first and similarly, sir, on the microfinance given that there have been some news on a collection efficiency 
and probably heatwave. And so because of that, are we also planning to somewhat slow down our growth in the 
microfinance? Or so basically, what would be the growth vectors that will help us to grow more than 25%? 

Page 11 of 16
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So, I'll take the Two-Wheeler question first. Obviously, on two-wheelers, India sells anywhere between 1.2 
million to 1.4 million two-wheelers per month. And I think our focus on two-wheeler has been to make sure that 
we are present in the prime and the near prime segments and primarily sort of wean ourselves away from the sort 
of the below prime segments. Though new-to-credit continue to be a significant proportion of our through-the-door 
acquisitions as well, wherein our new credit engine Cyclops will come useful. 
As I said in my call, our focus is on what I call deepening the surface area or increasing the surface area of 
distribution, we are currently at about 75% penetration of the overall dealer universe. We want to take it to about 
85% of the dealer universe, and our teams are focused on sort of onboarding more dealers. 
We are also working on building our loyalty program for our Two-Wheeler dealers, which obviously has constructs 
built-in wherein we get a preferential share from the dealer, in whichever dealers that we agree to onboard on us. 
Plus, last but not the least, the new credit engine, which we have deployed on a beta test pilot basis. Also, you 
have to understand that a large proportion of the two-wheeler approvals are done in the dealerships, sometimes 
the customer does not end up taking the loan from us. So, which we call approved but not disbursed. One of our 
focus areas is to reduce the approved but not disbursed -- and then by giving the right ticket size to the right 
customer, and we are hopeful that our new credit engine will also help us do that. 
While calibrating for risk, it will also throw up the right ticket size, which is sort of due to that particular customer 
rather than through the door sort of a simple business rule and engine type of approach. We have invested in our 
Two-Wheeler distribution teams as well. Our Two-Wheeler distribution team has grown. We have set up a 
separate EV channel. We have separate -- put up a separate prime bikes channel as well as the superbike channel 
as well. 
You have to keep in mind that Two-Wheeler AUM expansion is not only a function of the number of two-wheelers 
that we finance, but also the average price of the two-wheelers that we finance. And if you see from the slide that 
we have put up in the investor deck, our average ticket size of the two-wheelers financed by us has been going 
up. So, if you look at that particular two-wheeler slide, the average ticket size has been going up, which obviously 
shows the focus that we have on the prime segment as well as the average financing amount of more higher-end 
two-wheelers have increased. 
Yes. So, it's in slide 18, where you can see that from June'23, where we had about Rs. 85,000 average ticket 
size, we are currently at Rs. 98,000 average ticket size. So, it is on two-pronged approach, first and foremost 
thing increasing distribution, increasing quality, and making sure that we are -- reduce our rejections or reduce 
our sort of leakages by approved but not disbursed and last but not least, pushing the ticket sizes of the vehicles. 
On the back of a good monsoon that we are seeing this year, I think overall, the two-wheeler demand might 
increase as we move towards the festive period. We remain hopeful. And if it really does and the two-wheeler 
demand spurts on the back of a good monsoon, I think we will be sort of sufficiently well capacitized by that time 
to take a large amount of that share as and when that happens. So that's the first question. What was the second 
question? 
Sachinn Joshi: 
On Micro Loans 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So, growth expectation. Micro Loans, we are very clear that we will do risk-calibrated growth. Our vintage 
markets are Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and Kerala. These markets, obviously, we are focusing on, as I said, 
new villages as well as zero disbursement villages is where we are sort of granularly tracking. 
We are also moving into new markets. We are moving into Telangana, we are moving into Maharashtra, Western 
UP and probably later on in a couple of other new geographies as well. So, our growth will come in the Micro 

Page 12 of 16
Loans segment from expansion into hitherto uncovered villages in our existing territories as well as completely 
virgin villages in the new territories. 
So, we are probably -- during the course of the year, we will set up anywhere between 250 to 300 new Micro 
Loans branches. And as you know, each and every Micro Loans branch in about 6 to 8 months of operations, 
starts generating about Rs. 1 Cr worth of top line. So, we are also confident that a mix of focus on new geographies 
as well as setting up new branches as well as deepening up our distribution channels will help us sustain the 
growth in our Micro Loans business. 
As regards to the asset quality in our Micro Loans business, as I stated earlier in the previous question, it remains 
stable. Our collections discipline and our discipline of -- on due date collections remain strong. And as of now, I 
can say that our asset quality sort of metrics that we see right now on ground are quite satisfactory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi. 
Kunal Shah: 
Congratulations. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, in terms of just taking forward the growth question, if we look 
at YoY against, like, say, Rs. 6,000 Cr net addition to Micro Loans, there has been Rs. 6,000 Cr addition to Home 
Loan plus LAP as well. So, when we look at the mix between the secured and unsecured on incremental basis, 
do we see now the secured proportion would be relatively on the higher side, given the various marketing 
campaigns also which are being done on the Home Loan, LAP and all? 
Sudipta Roy: 
So, Kunal, the answer to that is that we obviously are trying to calibrate our secured to unsecured sort of 
separation of our AUMs. And yes, the focus has been on Home Loans and Loan Against Property in the last 
maybe 4 or 5 months, thanks to our ‘Complete Home Loan’ launch and which is doing reasonably well in the 
market. 
But however, you would notice also that our Personal Loans business has been recalibrated, and we have been 
sort of making sure that the guardrails in this business are made far, far more stronger and focus on salaried 
customers as well. So, I do believe that overall, for the next couple of quarters in terms of growth prospects, our 
Rural Business Finance business will continue to grow. We will see risk calibrated growth in our Personal Loans 
business as well as we will see growth in our secured businesses, which is factored on the back of good 
monsoons, Home Loan and Loan Against Property, the market demand remains robust as well as in terms of 
Two-Wheelers. 
We have started also Rural Micro LAP, we have started, we have piloted Micro LAP, and we have -- the pilot has 
been reasonably successful in Tamil Nadu. We have close to 30 branches in Tamil Nadu, and we're scaling up in 
Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka, Telangana, the Micro LAP business also we are scaling up. It will be very hard 
for me to put a sort of complete sort of a percentage separation between secured and unsecured. But what I'd 
like to believe is that given that we expect reasonable -- to continue reasonable business growth momentum of 
all our lines of business, both secured and unsecured. I think the current separation that we have between secured 
and unsecured, I think that trajectory will continue for the next couple of quarters. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly, with respect to yields. So, if we look at it in terms of what would be the difference 
between the incremental and the book yields, okay, because we would still be having a larger part on the fixed 
rate side? So given that margins have expanded almost like 17-odd bps, just want to get some sense of that. 
Sudipta Roy: 
It will be about 10% to 11% 
Sachinn Joshi: 

Page 13 of 16
Yes. About 11.5%. 
Sudipta Roy: 
11.5% to 12%. Wholesale would be about 11.5% to 12%. And overall, retail would be, I would say, ballpark which 
is average basically is 15% -- 16%-odd. 
Kunal Shah: 
About 16%? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, this would be book yield? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, that's right. Yes. 
Kunal Shah: 
And incremental on retail side. 
Sachinn Joshi: 
See, directionally, Kunal, we don't see -- the earlier question actually will answer depending on how the secured, 
unsecured piece stands out. Usually, what we try to do is that we first have a secured, especially the Home 
Loan/LAP that is part of our strategy, that the Home Loan piece is one which is first grown on the balance sheet 
and around it then we are able to do the unsecured piece, grow the of unsecured piece, which is the Rural 
Business Loans, Rural Micro LAP. SME and Personal Loans are the two, again, growth businesses for us. 
So, these will not grow unless we have a strong secured asset base on the balance sheet. So, it's going to be a 
mix. Directionally, we feel that the yields will continue to be in this range at least for next 3 to 4 quarters. We really
don't see that we will continuously keep increasing either the Home Loan book or aggressively growing the Rural
Business Loans. So, it will be calibrated, and we will ensure that the mix is maintained at a level where overall
NIM plus fee do not get impacted.
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So, in addition to what Sachinn said, I would like to also add is that, for example, in our Home Loan business, 
our home decor finance product has actually seen a good amount of traction in the 2 months that we have 
operated. And it is at about an 11% yield, introductory 11% yield. And that when it adds to the entire sort of Home 
Loan portfolio, it obviously brings the overall yield of the home-allied AUMs a couple of basis points higher. 
So -- we obviously will be working on strategies to improve our yields. We are looking at sort of seeing whether 
we can take our Two-Wheeler yields a notch up, especially in some markets. So, it's a continuous process. But 
as Sachinn said, it will be more or less on this ballpark area. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Congratulations for the quarter. So, a couple of questions. One on MFI again. So recently, MFIN has come out 
with some refreshed guardrails, in terms of number of lenders per customer, Rs. 2 lakhs is the maximum MFI to 

Page 14 of 16
a customer. Does this create any kind of slowdown for you in MFI? And you see a portfolio which is breaching 
these currently, and you have to run it down something of that sort? Or incremental customers are breaching this, 
so that creates a constraint. So, are you seeing any kind of slowdown because of this? The second question is 
sort of on Two-Wheelers. So, when you say, what is the yield on prime, near prime versus the book yield on two 
wheelers. So yes, these 2 questions. 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes. So, the first question, I would like to point out that, to start off, the new MFIN guardrails, which have been 
rolled out does not impact us in any way. Because anyway, we are following those guardrails. In fact, some of our 
guardrails are more stringent than that. 
For example, we do not disburse to customers on JLG loans who are at any point not at zero DPD. We onboard 
if only the customer is a zero DPD JLG customer. That's the first thing. We continued the association norms even 
after it was regulatorily not required. We said a maximum of 3 lenders, which are allowed, including LTF. So, we 
continued that norm. We continued the JLG indebtedness norms, where we -- in any way, our guardrail was about 
Rs. 2 lakhs. So, plus also what we do is that we have 800 strong risk control unit team as well as a separate 
verification, which we call the branch process team. 
So whenever -- though if our field level guy also goes and sources a customer and whether the customer gets a 
preliminary approval, there's a backup process also to continuously check, whether the customer -- independent 
backup process to check whether what the customer has said it is correct or not. 
So, before a customer goes through for disbursement, multiple levels of checks. So, in fact, we were party to the 
MFIN discussions as well when these guardrails were set up. And we were happy to note that these guardrails 
though it will be overall beneficial for the industry and sort of protect the industry from any accidents going forward, 
for us, it will be business as usual. It doesn't impact any -- these sort of guardrails are already embedded in our 
business for the last many, many years. So, it's not of a concern for us as well. 
With regards to your Two-Wheeler question, our prime IRRs are around 15% range and our non-prime IRRs about 
19% range. Our overall mix comes in at about 17.5%. But I would also like to state the fact that our prime portfolio, 
of which we have considerable right now at about 52%, have decent yields because the collection costs are much 
lower, the loss rates -- the projected loss rates are much, much lower. So, in terms of RoA basis, the prime 
portfolio, Two-Wheeler portfolio RoAs are sort of traversing on a satisfactory trajectory. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from Goldman Sachs. 
Hardik Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. First is on the MFI. Am I audible, sir? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, you're audible. 
Hardik Shah: 
Yes. First is on the MFI, you mentioned that your top states are Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and Bihar. And Bureau 
data is also suggesting that there is very high retail overlap for the MFI customers in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka 
particularly. So, can you share some of the data points for your customers if you have done any study of what is 
the retail overlap for the MFI borrowers? 
Sudipta Roy: 
So, we have done a significant amount of sort of bureau wash on retail overlap. And I can say that in majority of 
our markets, close to 60% of our customers have negligible retail overlap. So, the fact is that the retail leverage, 

Page 15 of 16
and this is something that which even we have been doing for a long time, even when there was sort of -- it was 
not even in the limelight, so we have been doing it. So, does that answer that question. 
Hardik Shah: 
So, this is retail overlap you're talking about with your own portfolio as well as from the industry. So, are you 
suggesting that 
Sudipta Roy: 
Yes, absolutely 
Hardik Shah: 
Okay. And second, on the center meeting discipline, are you tracking kind of attendance? How does that look like, 
given that we've had feedback from other competitors that the discipline is not the way it used to be before pre-
COVID? Anything to share there, sir? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Our discipline levels are completely sort of rigorously adhered to. People report for collections. The first 12 days 
of the month are dedicated to collections and the next is for sourcing mostly. People report at work at 6:30 a.m. 
in the morning. It is rigorously and digitally tracked. So, I do not know about -- I cannot comment about industry, 
etc. And our on due date collection remains at 96%. 
Hardik Shah: 
Any number around center attendance, you want to share, sir? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Discipline is persistent. 
Hardik Shah: 
Any number around center attendance that you would like to share, sir, if you're tracking that? 
Sudipta Roy: 
We track center attendance numbers, but I wouldn't like to go specifically into center attendance numbers on the 
call. I would like to state that discipline. And discipline is a mix of the control that the business managers have on 
their business, as well as the overall HR discipline of the organization. Our people are extremely disciplined. And 
whenever -- and frankly, I haven't received any sort of adverse feedback on any lack of discipline or lack of 
attendance -- lack of attendance in any part of our ecosystem. In fact, what we did was that we hiked the salaries 
of our Rural Business Finance employees. And we did a salary correction in the month of February. And post that, 
our attrition levels have significantly dipped in this line of business, which shows that our employees are not only 
well taken care of, but they are motivated, and they are performing well to their expectations. 
Hardik Shah: 
Understood. Sir, and last question on the cost-to-income ratio and the provisioning that you have. How are you 
viewing cost-to-income ratio going forward from the current levels? And how comfortable are you with the 
provisioning that you're having right now? 
Sudipta Roy: 
Cost-to-income ratio for this quarter is about 40% odd and if you look at sequentially, we have gone down from 
about Rs. 980 Cr to Rs. 966 Cr. And that too on a quarter where we have invested significantly in marketing and 
above the line marketing. And obviously, our focus is on making sure that our cost trajectory remains stable while 
we do not shy away from investing in the right areas that we need to invest in. We have told that overall, as a 

Page 16 of 16
block, our credit cost plus opex will be at about 7%. And we remain committed to the trajectory, though for this 
quarter, I think that number is close to 6.8%. So -- we are running several cost control initiatives right now in the 
organization, on the technology side, on the collection side, on the overall sort of employee cost side, the travel 
side, etc, and we are trying to see wherever we can get efficiencies, we are trying to get efficiencies on the cost 
side. So those efforts will continue. 
However, I would like to reiterate that our investments in technology as well as our investments in brand building 
will continue for the next couple of quarters. In terms of provision coverage ratio, I think we are comfortable. We 
are at about 75% right now. And we think that is quite comfortable for the next -- the go-forward trajectory. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sudipta Roy for closing comments. 
Sudipta Roy: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We remain optimistic about the future. As part of the 5-pillar execution, 
granular execution strategy towards our Lakshya 2026 goals are truly in motion right now. The entire organization 
is focused on making sure that we deliver on all the 5 pillars of execution to the best extent possible. 
We are hopeful that the environmental trends that we have been seeing, especially with regards to rainfall or 
monsoons continue its positive trajectory that we have seen so far because it is very important for our lines of 
business. We also remain mindful about the credit cost scenario of the entire industry and how that is projecting, 
and we continue to monitor them and also continue to continuously invest in making sure that our credit guardrails 
and our credit administration guardrails become stronger with every passing quarter. 
We are very focused on compliance and control. And as I have said in my -- during my opening comments that 
we have created a separate deeper compliance organization, including central compliance, business compliance 
as well as regional compliance. We are now putting compliance people within every businesses as well as who 
will work on the business compliance part that whether the business is compliant with every rule that is applicable 
to that business as well as regional compliance, wherein we are putting people in -- regional compliance people 
in the 4 regions. So that on ground granular compliance monitoring also happens. 
We are very hopeful that on the back of a good monsoon and on the back of a good festive quarter, FY25, the 
continued growth trajectory will remain. And we, as an organization, remain committed to our investors as well as 
our promoters to deliver the return that is expected of us. Thank you for attending the call, and we'll be happy to 
meet many of you on a one-on-one basis as we go through the rest of the quarters of this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of L&T Finance Ltd, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
*Since the transcript has been derived from a voice recording tool, necessary corrections have been made to remove anomalies as well as manifest but inconsequential factual discrepancies,
repetitions in Q&A which would have unintentionally crept in, if any
