BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
CIN – L51909MP2007PLC066484 
                     4th Floor UNO Business Park, Indore Bypass Road, Opposite Sahara City, 
Bicholi Mardana, Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India, 452016 
                                                                         Phone: 91-731-422300, Fax- 4221222/444  
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       Email: info@brandconcepts.in 
             
  Date: 21th August, 2024 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
   BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department   
 
   Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
 
 
 
   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
   Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
   Mumbai - 400051 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051,  
 
Symbol: BCONCEPTS 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543442 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Meeting held on 13th August 2024 for Q1 ended 30th June 
2024.   
Dear Sir/Mam,  
With reference to the above captioned subject, We Brand Concepts Limited, herewith attaching 
the post result conference call transcript for the investor meet held on 13th August 2024 for Q1 
ended on 30th June 2024.   
You are therefore requested to take this into your records and oblige.  
Link:  
Thanking You,  
Yours faithfully  
For Brand Concepts Limited,  
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A33016 
  
 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Swati Gupta 
Date: 2024.08.21 
14:20:34 +05'30'

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
Q1FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Abhinav Kumar - Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
So, ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY'25 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. Today on the 
call from the management we have with us, Mr. Abhinav Kumar, 
Whole-Time Director and CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, this is a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business, 
performance highlights for the quarter, the growth plans, and the 
vision for the coming years. Post which, we will open the floor for the 
Q&A. Over to you, Abhinav sir. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you, Raj. Hi, everyone. Very, very good afternoon, 
and thank you for joining for the post result call. Just reflecting on this 
quarter's performance, I think looking at the current market conditions 
of being a little subdued, we've given a good robust growth of 20%, 
close to 20%, 19 point something is the growth that we've registered 
over the previous quarter as well as the last year's same quarter. 
 
So, and this primarily has been on account of where we've been 
expanding our footprint across all our brands. The new brands also are 
going into multiple various locations. So we expanding the footprint 
across the country. So, on account of business development, we've 
registered a good growth. 
 
However, at the same time, I would also like to say that the like-to-
like, which is same-store sales growth has been subdued as the overall. 
We've seen lower walk-ins. There was a very bad heatwave across the 
country, which all of us are aware. So even that heatwave has 
impacted retail overall. You would have seen that across most of the 
retail companies results that the sales have been impacted. 
 
However, as we speak, there's some silver lining in the grey cloud, 
that the retailers started to pick up. So, we hope that going forward, 
things will be a little better. And with the company, what I'm happy 
about is that our business development activities are going as per our 
plans, and we're garnering more and more locations. And hence, once 
the market conditions also improve, we're going to have a cascading 
effect of a higher number of doors. And hence, probably the growth 
would be a little better. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
 
The margins have been improved from Q4, of course, the last 
preceding quarter, but still subdued from the previous same year 
quarter. The reasons remain to be the same as I had explained even 
during my last call that a same-store sales, the growth has been 
subdued. And hence, while the expenses have gone up, but the sales 
have not matched up to those levels. So, there's some bit of a margin 
pressure over there. 
 
Apart from that, of course, the other aspects being the higher royalty 
still impacting this thing, because it's the old inventory, the seasons 
inventory, which where the royalties have not been able to been 
loaded, some preoperative expenses towards, the new capacity 
budgeting and all of that. So, the reasons remain to be similar as the 
last quarter. But very, very hopeful of covering a lot of this, probably 
in the coming quarters, if the market conditions improve. 
 
Apart from that, this quarter very recently, we announced the 
acquisition of a new brand. We've signed up Juicy Couture. Now I'm 
sure I'll get questions on Juicy Couture, and hence, I'm answering it, 
beforehand for public at large that, Juicy Couture is a very, very, 
strategic addition to our portfolio. We've been eyeing this space, 
where we look at our women handbag kind of a brand. And the price 
point is going to be more in the super premium bridge to luxury kind 
of a category, which I've been speaking about for a long time that 
we're looking at adding a few brands in these categories. 
 
So Juicy Couture solves that purpose. And we've signed sort of a long-
term lease, so it gives us time to build upon this brand, and then reap 
the benefits for a longer duration of time. 
 
Yeah. So that's the overall this thing, from a project update 
perspective, both the IFF merger as well as the new plant, the new 
hard luggage plant both are on course. So, the merger is already in 
NCLT, and hopefully, we should be able to complete that in the due 
course of time. Hard luggage, the plant is very much on time. And I 
hope that by the end of FY'25, the plant should start getting 
commissioned. 
 
Some good news over there as well. We have also finalised our new 
plant head. I will make the formal announcement once the person is on 
board, but we're getting a very senior seasoned person, who's been in 
hard luggage manufacturing for a very long time, and been in very 
good roles across all the top players in this category. So, we've got a 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
good person coming on board over there. So, I'm very, very hopeful, 
for our manufacturing this thing. 
 
So, yes, that's the update from my side. Let's start the Q&A session, 
Raj. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhinav. We will now open the floor for Q&A. All those 
who wish to ask a question may use the option of raise hand. In case 
there's a problem at your end, you can also drop a message on the 
chat. We'll take the first question from Kashish. Kashish, you can go 
ahead and ask, please. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of number. A couple of questions 
from my side. So, this Juicy Couture brand, which we have acquired, 
which kind of market? Is it going to be a premium segment, or is it 
going to be the mass segment, which we are going to cater to? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. It's going to be premium. Premium in fact, it's going to be more 
towards super premium and rich to luxury. 
 
Moderator: 
Anyone who has a question can raise your hand or ask your question 
on the chat. We will take the next question from the line of Jinesh 
Joshi. Jinesh, you can go ahead and ask your question, please. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, can you share what is the term 
of our license with Juicy? How much royalty are we going to pay? 
And say, two to three years down the line, what can be the 
contribution of handbags to our overall top line? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, for confidentiality reasons, Jinesh I'll not be able to give the exact 
terms of the agreement. But I can tell you this that, we've signed a 
very good term with them. The good part is that, so technically, the 
contract is 10 plus five. So, we get a 15-year license ideally. 10 years 
is the contract period, and there's an auto renewal clause of another 
five years. So, we get a long-term contract. And the royalty percentage 
is also quite lucrative. So, we have a lower royalty percentage over 
here. So that's an advantage. 
 
And in terms of top-line, I would say women handbag overall as a 
category, I think, it's a very, very good category. And we've been 
missing out on this category for the lack of brands. And hence, we're 
now looking at building it on. It'll be difficult to say what exact top 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
line will we garner in this, but I expect that over the next couple of 
years, I believe that women handbags should be anywhere between I 
would expect it to be anywhere between 15% to 20% of our portfolio. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. And will this be a synthetic leather offering or a genuine 
leather offering? Because if I look at the synthetic leather market, you 
have Caprese from VIP. You have Lavie, Baggit, ESBEDA. So, there 
are a lot many players, which are competing in that market, and it is 
quite fragmented, so to say. And also, I'm not too sure about Juicy's 
positioning in India, given there are a lot many smaller brands, which 
are nurturing quite well. So, what are your thoughts, in terms of 
competition given the fact that you aspire to achieve 20% of your top-
line from the handbags category in two years? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, whether it is Caprese, whether it is Lavie, and all these brands, 
they are more in the mass segment, Jinesh. So, they operate at price 
points anywhere between ₹1,200, ₹1,400 to say, about the ₹3,000. 
That's the price point that they generally operate at. Juicy Couture, if I 
talk about Juicy Couture worldwide also the brand is positioned more 
in the super premium bridge to luxury segment. And in India, we are 
still looking at placing it in that segment itself. So, I would say that 
probably we will be pricing it anywhere between ₹5,000 to ₹15,000. 
That's the kind of price point that I'm looking at. 
 
Now why are we looking at that kind of a price point? Because if I 
see, there is a white space. There are very, very few brands in those 
price points. So if I talk about the segment of 1,000, 1,500 to say 
3,000, 4,000, 5,000 also, there are a plethora of brands and the 
competition is extremely tough over there, right? Whereas, the 
moment you move up, once the customers want to elevate and they 
move up, so the next this thing is directly, the likes of Michael Kors 
and COACHs of the world, which start only at ₹15,000, ₹18,000, 
right? 
 
So, and then you have, again, a lot of brands over there. Then you're 
competing with the Michael Kors, then you're competing with a 
COACH, then you're competing with so on and so forth. So beyond, 
obviously, then you start getting into luxury and all of that. So, this is 
a price point 5 to 15, which is sort of a white space. There are very, 
very few brands. And we've chosen this brand after having studied the 
market, studied competition, speaking to premium chain stores like 
Shoppers Stop, understanding from them where is the need gap, where 
is the price gap available today, right? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
And, hence we see that, we should be able to create a good proposition 
for us in that kind of a price point. To answer whether it will be an 
imitation leather or whether it is leather, it will primarily be, it'll not be 
a 100% leather brand, because Juicy Couture doesn't lend itself as a 
brand into leather. 
 
But having said that, I don't know if you guys have seen GUESS 
handbags in the market. If you look at GUESS as a brand, they're 
really doing well, and they're not leather. So, there are different 
materials. It's a very high-quality bag. Different materials, different 
treatments, high on fashion, and I think there is a good business to be 
developed in the brand. I hope I've answered your question. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. Thank you so much. Just one last question from my side. So, if I 
remember right, we entered into the CSD channel sometime back, and 
I believe in Q1, CSD contributes roughly 9% to our top line. Given the 
fact that this channel was absent in the base quarter, incrementally, it 
should have contributed more to a top line, but what I have observed 
is that the benefit of CSD is negated by fall in the institutional 
business, whereby our share has come down from about 22% to 15%. 
So, any specific reason why the institutional business has come down? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, see, last time also when we had done that institutional business, 
even then I had said that, okay. We've done a strategic tie up with 
Shoppers where we did that. We've done a similar sort of an exercise 
this year also. But see institutional business is something which, while 
we are focused on it and it is growing for us. But, however, it's not 
like retail, where if you've opened 50 counters, every month, you will 
get sales, something or the other from those 50 counters, right? And 
you keep on building, building, building upon it. 
 
So, few quarters, institutional could be up. Few quarters, it could be 
down. But we focused towards institutional business. But, however, in 
terms of taking strategic calls with certain partners that would only be 
done when it is required on necessary. 
 
So, again, in institutional business there are two things. One is where 
you purely giving it in corporate lifting. The second is if you're 
building something with a chain store, like Shoppers Stop and 
planning some institutional sales. We don't classify it into retail. We 
classify those sales into institutional, because then, if I classify it into 
retail and if you see a drop in it. So, then it reflects key as if your sales 
of those stores have come down. Hence, it has been classified into 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
that. But it was a strategic tie up with a chain store, and we've got 
orders, big ticket order in that. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got it. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, Jinesh. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Jinesh. We'll take the next question from the line of Rajiv. 
Rajiv, you can go ahead and ask, please. 
 
Rajiv Gaonkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have few questions. First, can you 
explain the IndAS impact on your profitability? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, the IndAS impact or, that I would say, the overall non-cash 
impact is almost to the tune of a crore. So, the way we read it 
internally is, right now my PBT is reflecting about 2.42. Whereas, if 
we take off these impacts, then it's actually at 3.43. So, the new 
corporate office, then whatever new stores that we have opened, we've 
also signed up a new warehouse. So, I think the lease rental gets 
calculated in a very different way in IndAS. So that's the sort of 
impact, which is there. 
 
So, we call these non-cash items. So, ESOP also, if you look at as a 
non-cash item. So, if we take off all of this, you can roughly take off -- 
you can add back say a crore in PBT. 
 
Rajiv Gaonkar: 
Yes. Thank you. Next question is we've seen the store addition was 
soft in Q1. Can you guide on where it would be in H1 odd of this 
year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So Q1, yes, we haven't announced really. It is just one or two 
stores which were announced in Q1. But I think we've made it up in 
July. July, we've added another four stores, EBOs, all franchisee 
stores. So, I think single month it is highest figure four stores in one 
month. We've still not announced it, because what we do is once we 
launch a store, we give it a two-week period to sort of iron out, all the 
issues, your POS machine, card machine is working fine, software is 
working fine. So, we do a soft launch. And then for about 10 days, we 
run the store like that. 
 
And then we sort of go ahead and announce. So H1, I had said that 
we'll add about 10 stores, and we've already added six stores. As we 
speak, I think August also, we should be able to open another two to 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
three stores. So, we're pretty much on target on whatever I had 
committed in H1. 
 
Rajiv Gaonkar: 
Okay. So, my next question is what is the update on CSD business? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So CSD is actually touch wood. I'm very, very happy with the 
response in CSD. We've approached CSD in a very, very unique 
manner. So, we've created shop in shops also over there. In all the 
premium counters, we've created shop in shops. Our fixtures are 
everything looks extremely different. This is something of first of its 
kind which has happened in the canteen stores department. So, they're 
also very happy with it, and we've got a very, very good response. 
 
So, initially the idea was that we'll go a little controlled. We'll not 
suddenly sort of open, all the depots, all these things. So, we were 
going controlled. We've seen some sort of traction. The traction is 
very good actually. The sell through is very good. Sales are in 
whatever limited number of this thing that canteen that we've gone, 
we've seen a brilliant response over there. So, now is the time when 
we geared up, and we will sort of start expanding on that entire 
segment. So, we'll start pushing the accelerator. 
 
There is a little bit, I'm again telling this upfront that there is a little bit 
of our net realisation, gross margins are a little low currently in this 
channel, because I had I think explained it earlier also that the file that 
we had presented was probably just pre-COVID. And then COVID 
happened, and the whole thing got delayed for three years. So while 
there was a price escalation in terms of the COGS going up, but we 
couldn't have gone back to the file and changed the pricing, because 
then we would have to apply all over again. 
 
And hence, we took a conscious call that, okay, never mind. We'll go 
ahead with the same pricing even if the margin intake is lower. That's 
fine. We'll build upon this. And once you complete a year, CSD then 
allows you for a price escalation, product replacements, and all of that. 
So, once we start doing that, the margins will also start getting better. 
But as of now, we are more than margins, we are focused on 
increasing our point of sales. We're also focused on giving our defence 
forces, personnel, the customers over there, the right experience, the 
right product and all of that. 
 
So, and I would say that I'm very, very happy with whatever the team 
has been able to sort of build over there. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
Rajiv Gaonkar: 
Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Rajiv. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Rajiv. We'll take the next question from the line of Sharad 
Anuragi. Sharad, you can go ahead and ask, please. 
 
Sharad Anuragi: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. Hi, everyone. Congratulations 
on the number. I wanted to understand this Handbag segment, bit in 
detail. Because as you mentioned that there's an interesting gap from a 
price spend for ₹5,000 to ₹15,000. But are we looking to onboard 
more brands in this particular segment? If we are expecting 20% of the 
revenue down the line, say three years from now, I think some other 
brands would also be onboarded if my understanding was correct? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
If you see, for example, in Benetton also, we have brand handbags, 
right. So, Benetton maybe handbags here, but Benetton is at a lower 
price segment, right. Juicy Couture is more a women's brand, and to 
cater to the woman who is willing to pay ₹7,000, ₹8,000, ₹10,000 for 
a handbag, you need a conducive brand, right, with which she's able to 
relate. So, while, I understand most of the participants over here are 
men, and you would have probably not heard Juicy Couture. But if 
you ask women, they would be probably aware about the brand, right? 
 
So Juicy Couture is going to serve this particular price segment. You 
have a United Colors of Benetton, which again has handbags. 
Aeropostale also, we have handbags. So, we're playing at different 
price points. So, when I said 15% to 20% from handbags, I did not 
mean only from Juicy Couture. You're absolutely right that it cannot 
happen only from one brand, at least in the next three years. 
 
But, yes, the overall booking will start getting into order. And then 
whatever other brands also that we sign or we look at, we look at 
fashion brands. So, handbag as a category will lend itself onto those 
brands also. I hope I've been able to answer. 
 
Sharad Anuragi: 
Okay. Just a follow-up question. This is from the price line. What I 
wanted to understand is, so if a woman is walking into the store and 
buying a Juicy Couture bag, do you expect working woman to buy this 
brand? Because from my understanding is this brand gets sort of a 
chic or a vibrant vibe? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, we'll have, so as of now, we also have plans of opening 
Juicy Couture standalone stores, right? Because again, a good aspect 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
of Juicy Couture is we've signed a lot of other categories also. So, it's 
not only handbags. So, we've signed accessories also. We're planning 
to do scarves also. We're planning to do lot of keychains, key fobs, 
your small pink lets that you wear. There'll be pouches. There'll be 
beauty cases. There'll be so, we've also signed up for example, hats. 
So, we want to present it as a lifestyle brand. We want to present it as 
a very fashion forward brand. 
 
From a product perspective, you will have ranges, which you can call 
as, when you develop a product, you give a whole array of a basket of 
products. So, while there'll be something for her, if she wants to carry 
it on the beach, if she's going on a vacation, she'd be carrying a bag. 
We'll be offering something to the tune of that as well. But at the same 
time, we'll be offering something which she can carry it every day to 
the office. And the business in that segment is quite sizable, right? So 
even if we are able to see, I generally, I believe that rather than 
focusing on the output, what we should be doing is focusing on the 
input. Because if your inputs are right, the customers are going to love 
it. And I think the brand, the product, pricing, all three in my mind, the 
fit is nice. However, customer is the final king. So we're going to get 
our answers once we get closer to the launch. 
 
Sharad Anuragi: 
Yeah. Thank you. Great explanation, Abhinav. Just one last question, I 
think in the last con call, you said that for the H1, you will be putting 
down your marketing side of the expenditure. So, from this quarter, 
can we expect a little more expense on the marketing side? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, we already brought it down from Q4 to this Q1, and we further 
going to be raining on the marketing expense. 
 
Sharad Anuragi: 
Thank you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We will be further fine tuning it. 
 
Sharad Anuragi: 
Okay. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sharad. We'll take the next question from the chat. 
Ishpreet Kaur, you can go ahead and ask please. 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Hi, Abhinav. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, Ishpreet. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Just wanted to understand, so there is a mention of certain brands in 
the annual report that the company would be selling under Bagline 
like, CK, Samsonite, Delsey. Just wanted to understand what is the 
kind of agreement we have with these brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, it was actually a typo. We went back and we've corrected that. But 
I'll tell you where it has stemmed from. We were contemplating that 
on our e-commerce, which is bagline.com, we got an interest from 
CK, DKNY, and a couple of other brands to sort of come on board. So 
the idea is we are exploring that. However, it'll require some more 
preparedness of the entire IT infrastructure. So, it'll have to be a plug 
and play where if it can be a more of a marketplace kind of a model, 
it's more in the experimental stage. 
 
So, when the people who are preparing the annual report and when 
they asked about a few different channels, and we mentioned about 
this, and that's how it just suddenly got captured in the Bagline store 
or Bagline overall concept. In the stores, as of now, we're not 
introducing any of these brands. But e-commerce, we are looking at 
that should we try a marketplace model with a few outside brands. But 
that's in the -- as I said experimentation stage. So, we should be able to 
comment on that better once we cross that hurdle. 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
And this would be purely from the marketplace perspective and not in 
terms of brand curation and in terms of your focus towards the 
business in terms of curation of the brands and the newer brands or the 
retail aspect of it? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, so if you see curation of brands is the only reason probably why 
we would have these on our website, because we've been focused and 
we've always said that we are more in the fashion space, more in the 
premium space. And hence these brands fit the bill. Customer visiting 
bagline.com then gets a curated experience that, okay, he's getting all 
the like-minded brands available at one this thing. 
 
Because if you see, today, if I talk about most of the other e-commerce 
players, they've become more of horizontal players, right? So, you will 
get an unbranded to branded to and if you have to buy one thing, you 
have to go through pages of and pages either you go into the filter and 
start putting the brands that you want. Otherwise, slowly and steadily, 
what is happening is that e-commerce, most of the players, except for 
the luxury ones. In the premium space, there is no curation happening, 
right? Everything is [indiscernible]. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Amazon was always a marketplace. Flipkart was always a 
marketplace. Myntra was the only player which was a curated 
experience. And I see that also dwindling a little bit and hence, I sense 
an opportunity that, if you have a vertical play in e-commerce, so a 
specialty e-commerce where the customer is getting a curated 
experience of premium. Not luxury, luxury because luxury again 
TATA CLiQ Luxe is available, Ajio Luxe is available. But in the 
premium space, that whole curated experience is missing. And hence, 
once we spoke to these brands and the brands are extremely willing 
and all of that. 
 
So, it's still under the contemplation that can we do all of this on our 
website. Retail, it becomes a little more challenging because when 
you're doing your own brands, you have higher gross margins, right. 
And, so there'll always be a biasness. You'll always be making more 
money in your own brands rather than making money in the other 
brands, because they'll be giving you a finite sort of a margin. So it 
doesn't make sense to cannibalise your own this things in retail. But in 
e-commerce, probably this could spin into a different segment all 
together. 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Sure. Okay. And, the other part is that, if we look at the license fee 
expense as a percentage of sales, that has also increased say 50, 60 
basis points Y-o-Y almost close to 11 odd percent, so with UCB 
coming in, we were under the impression that maybe the license fee 
should be lower versus a Tommy Hilfiger. So, if you could help us 
understand that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. But as I said that, there was a royalty increase. And since, 
Tommy is still, if you look at the overall percentage of contribution of 
Tommy, it's close to 80%. Hence, you see the impact. If there wasn’t 
UCB or other small royalty brands. The royalty percentage would 
have been probably even higher. 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Okay. And do you see this royalty fee coming down once you get to a 
certain scale, or would it like continue being at this high level? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I don't know. I can't say it with 99% it'll not come down. But once you 
set up something for the brand, it becomes a little difficult to… 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Take it back. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, take it back. So, 90%, I would say that they'll probably not go 
back. And what happens is, lot of brands which you sign with their 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Indian counterpart, the Indian counterpart also has to pay a royalty, 
right? So hence, signing with the Indian counterpart is always going to 
be a little more expensive than signing any brand directly. So, 
Benetton is also not that low on this thing, because they are also an 
Indian counterpart of the foreign entity. So, the Indian counterpart has 
to pass on some to the foreign entity as well. But if you look at 
Aeropostale, if you look at Juicy Couture it's a direct contract. 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Right. Just one last thing. So based on this conversation, so maybe a 
12%, 13% EBITDA margin on a sustainable basis for a long-term 
should be doable, or can higher EBITDA margins also be done? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, when we talk about long-term, when we talk about margins, I 
think higher EBITDA margins can be done even today, right? But 
what I'm trying to do is whatever we are earning, I have said this 
earlier also that I don't believe in burning on philosophy. But so we're 
first earning, and then we're putting that money back. In preparing 
ourselves for the next jump, we've been in this orbit of ₹60 crores, ₹70 
crores, ₹50 crores, ₹60 crores. 
 
So earlier, I was in the orbit of ₹40 crores a quarter, then we moved up 
to about ₹50 crores, ₹60 crores. Now we're getting inching towards the 
₹70 crores kind of a quarter. Whether it is today or whether it is 
probably 10 years down the line, we're not going to stop, right? I have 
huge aspirations with Brand Concepts and what we're doing. So, I 
would not stop. 
 
So for me, whether it is a ₹500 crore or whether it's a ₹1,000 crores, 
which is big, I would say neither of them are big, right. If my potential 
is going up ₹2,000 crores or ₹3,000 crores, why will I think that ₹500 
crores is extremely big, right. So, we will keep reinvesting, right. 
 
Hence, I believe there are 12%, 13%, anything between 10% to 12% 
of an EBITDA is a good EBITDA, right? It's a decent EBITDA. We're 
not very extremely good, but we're not extremely bad also. Let's 
maintain that and then plough back that whole money to grow. So 
prepare yourself for the next 10 years. 
 
Ishpreet Kaur: 
Right. Sure. Thank you so much. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Ishpreet. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Ishpreet. We'll take the next question from the line of Kashish 
Gandotra. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. There are two direct messages which have come to me also, 
Raj. I'm not able to read them, because if I read them, then I miss, age 
is catching up. I'm able to focus only at one thing at a time. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. We can take the question from the chat now. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, so Mr. Ram Pandey, this year ending turnover CapEx guidance, 
if possible, give with PAT margin? 
 
So, I think this year ending turnover, CapEx have I think we've 
already mentioned with whatever CapEx that we're doing towards the 
plant, it's about overall project was about ₹30 odd crores, and we're 
deploying that. Apart from that, there's some CapEx that we are also 
deploying towards our warehousing that will also entail about 
anywhere between ₹5 crores to ₹6 crores of CapEx. 
 
Actually, the overall CapEx of warehousing is further high, but plan to 
do it in phases. So, the first phase is going to be about ₹5 odd crores to 
₹6 odd crores. So that'll be the roughly, and then your regular CapEx 
of few stores and all of that. So, roughly, that will be the overall 
CapEx, this thing. 
 
In terms of turnover, I had mentioned earlier on that, the market 
sentiments are not that conducive right now and which have been 
proven true. You can see it across, the retail industry results. We've 
still been able to post a 20% growth. So, I think we will try and 
maintain this at least till H1. Once the market conditions improve, 
things start happening, then probably internally also we're looking at 
H1 separately, and then we're looking at H2. So, I'm waiting for this 
entire Diwali period. I have my very high hopes that the Diwali should 
be good. So, let's wait and see is what I would say. 
 
There's one more question from, Mr. Manish Gupta. Hi, over the past 
few quarters, Brand Concepts revenues are rising faster than peers. 
This is the case in current quarter as well. Does this imply Brand 
Concepts is gaining market share? Also, how long do you expect 
margins pressure to continue? 
 
Okay. Yes, we have been growing faster than our peers, for sure, 
which absolutely also means that we are gaining market share. At the 
same time, I would say that markets are also increasing. The branded 
segment is also increasing. But we are yet too small to comment on 
capturing any of the competitors’ market share. But, yes, we've been 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
gaining. I can say that we are now available across more point of 
view. 
 
So, we've been gaining, when I say we've been gaining market share, I 
think we've been gaining consumer touch points. We've been gaining 
stores. We've been gaining in distribution. We've been opening stores. 
There are a lot of last when October, we had done the whole campaign 
and everything, and I was asked also that done a high decibel 
campaign. And I had mentioned it at that point of time also that more 
than the consumers, that campaign was also more from a B2B 
perspective. 
 
And I'm very, very happy to share that we're getting a lot of franchisee 
inquiries. So, of course, we're opening franchisee stores. So, all of this 
is increasing our overall footprint. At the same time, we're increasing 
brands. So, I think net-net, we would say that we are in a good 
position, currently. Margin pressures are there, but I think these are 
temporary pressures. It could rain in for a few quarters here and there 
or a couple of years here and there. But I think, we have a lot going for 
us. 
 
So, our manufacturing is going to kick in. Our base is getting larger. 
So, economy of scales is going to kick in. So, I think by FY'26, we 
should start seeing the effect of all of this coming into play. So, yes, I 
hope I've answered both Ram Pandey and Manish Gupta. I hope I've 
answered your questions. Raj, we could take that next question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhinav. There is one more question in the chat from 
Shrinjina mittal. Can you give some sense of when the IFF Overseas 
integration would come and some sense of Tommy's share in this 
quarter sales? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
IFF, I think we are already in NCLT. And if I'm not mistaken, towards 
the end of September is when the Shareholders Meeting is supposed to 
happen. And I think after that, it'll take another couple of months, so 
four months max. So, I would say that, we're looking at towards the 
end of Q3 at best that hopefully all of this done. But it's a government 
process, so it's a little difficult to actually give you a date for that, but 
yes, we are on track for that. 
 
Now coming on to the probably, I think overall, if you look at, we're 
still in the same vicinity of around 80 odd percent of our sales coming 
from Tommy Hilfiger. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Kashish 
Gandotra. Kashish, you can go ahead and ask your question, please. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Yeah. Congratulations, Abhinav, on a decent set of numbers in this 
top line. Three questions from my side. First question would be, what 
has been the same-store sales growth in this particular quarter, and 
what is our expectation once the market improves? What kind of 
same-store sales growth can we expect? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, like-to-like, to be honest, if you're asking, there is a 
degrowth rather than a growth. So, there is a degrowth in like-to-like 
sales from last quarter. So, hence, now you see the whole impact of 
BD. So, we've been able to do a lot of, BD, a lot of business 
development to cascade over like-to-like sorry for this thing. So 
EBOs, yes, even in across large format stores also. A couple of 
categories, a few categories here and there, probably, you would have 
like, for example, luggage per se. We've sort of in certain channels, 
we've still grown. Small leather goods like-to-like, there is a degrowth. 
So, but net-net, if you talk about like-to-like, all across there has been 
a degrowth. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Okay. And I think once the market improves, we'll come back to the 
growth rate, correct? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. That's what as we speak, for example, July was better than June. 
So, and August also, we're seeing some shoots. There are lot of 
holidays also. So, 15th is a long weekend. Then we have Rakhi is also 
coming up. So, hopefully, it's been almost one year last, September 
itself. Last August-September, we started seeing slowdown in the 
demand. So, I'm expecting that, one year period has passed. I hope 
that now things will start looking better. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Sure. Thanks. Second question would be in terms of competitors, 
Abhinav, where do you see major competition coming from? Is it the 
listed players, or is it the unlisted? Like, we know there are couple of 
players who have spent in a great amount in the marketing bid. So 
where are we facing stiff competition from? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, I would say competition is from everywhere and it is difficult to 
pinpoint that we are directly competing with someone and our 
different brands are again, price positioned in a different way. So a 
UCB, I would say that we have a more difficult task where we are 
competing directly with some of the risk, right. Tommy, I think, we 
are as it is in terms of price points. We were always a little higher. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
And, yes, a few players in the unlisted space, and I'm sure you would 
be probably talking about the Mokobara or Nasher Miles. And I've 
been asked these questions earlier also. 
 
So, if you look at, I think, somewhere, whether it is for that growth or 
whether it is whatever. Even if you look at today, Mokobara now, 
earlier, I used to love their content. And I admire them for whatever 
they have done. So, there's no this thing about that. But today, if you 
look at whenever you open, all you see is communication of 
discounting, right? So, there is some bit of pressure happening all 
across. I say that, I consider that competition will always be there. 
 
Somebody can bring in a normal luggage also and say that we have 
more features and all but how we are different or how I would want to 
differentiate the rest of the market is that the rest of the market or most 
of the people plays are a category play, whereas we are more of a 
brand play, right? So that's where our differentiation lies. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Right. Absolutely correct. And one last bit on, I was, regarding this 
recent issue in Bangladesh. I was seeing some of our competitors has 
the manufacturing plants in Bangladesh. So, do you see most of our 
competitors would have the plants in Bangladesh, or is it just one or 
two players where we got to…? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, I know further some other players also who have been sourcing a 
lot from Bangladesh. So, all the big-ticket players were sourcing a lot 
from Bangladesh. Yeah, there is going to be an impact for them. Good 
for us. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Right. Sure. Thanks. And if I can squeeze one last time, this new 
brand which we have acquired Juicy Couture, the kind of gross 
margins which we'll get that will be in line with the remaining 
products, right? Or will it be down, since I think luggages or your 
sense on this thing? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I would say that, there if not more, it'll at least be same. it should be 
more. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, Abhinav. Congratulations, and all the best for the 
upcoming quarters. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kashish. Thank you. We'll take the next question from the 
line of Kevin Shah. Kevin, you can go ahead and ask, please. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Yeah. Hi, Abhinav. Thank you. I just have three questions. My first 
question is, what are going to be the key growth drivers to reach the 
₹599 crore target revenue? More details if you could share in terms of 
channel strategies. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sorry. Reach what revenue? 
 
Kevin Shah: 
₹599 crore target revenue. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
₹599 crore. Where did that come from? Okay. Yeah. So, see the key 
growth drivers are going to be, is what we are doing today, right? 
Expansion of your footprint. So, whether it is large format, whether it 
is digital, whether it is distribution, whether it is MBOs, or whether it 
is our own stores, you keep on increasing your footprint. 
 
There's still a lot of markets where we are not there. So, A, expansion, 
over there; B, adding brands, white space categories, wherever we see 
that, okay, we are not there in the strategic category, we add a brand or 
a product category in those categories. So, all of these are the key 
growth drivers, and of course, the rising consumerism in India. So, as 
I said, that branded play is going to rise further and further. So, hence, 
these are the main key driver that are going to be there. 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. What are our plans on capitalising on the Bagline 
channel to sell other brands and allied products? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Bagline retail, I'm not sure, because there is a finite space. And as I 
answered earlier also that, we would like to sell our brands only over 
there, majorly. But when it comes to the bagline.com as a channel, 
that of course, it's a different ballgame all together. We can definitely 
add more brands over there and try and give the consumer a curated 
experience. But at the same time, we need to answer a lot of things. 
 
At the same time, we're looking at Bagline to have an omni sort of a 
play. Now if you have a brand which is available in the website, but 
the same brand is not available in the store, how will that sort of 
happen? So, a lot of things needs to be answered. Apart from that, all 
these new brands, even if we allow a few, or even if we sort of 
collaborate with a few brands to come on our website and do sales. 
 
I don't want to, again, get into the whole model of buying their 
inventory, keeping it in my warehouse, and then selling. It's going to 
increase our investments drastically, right? So, I would like to do a 
omnichannel for them, or I would like to be a marketplace sort of a 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
curated marketplace experience for them. So, for that, then your 
technological infrastructure has to be such that it's a plug and play sort 
of a model. So, we are exploring that as well. 
 
So, lot of things happening on that front, but we will sort of discuss a 
little more once, internally, we are absolutely sure about, which route 
to take. 
 
Kevin Shah: 
Okay, Abhinav. Thank you. That's it from my side and all the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Kevin. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kevin. We'll take the next question from the chat from 
Sudhir Agarwal. So, you had mentioned that Sugarush and the vertical 
will be developed into brands looking at the capacity we will have 
after the new brand. So, what kind of initiatives have we taken or 
looking to take to turn these into mainline brands? Like, have we 
started selling these in our offline stores? Have we increased the 
varieties in these brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. So, Sugarush, yes, we sell in a couple of our stores. In fact, we 
have some variety also over there. So Sugarush, the whole strategy is 
that we are right now keeping it mostly confined to our stores, EBOs, 
and we're selling from there. And somewhere, we're getting a decent 
sort of attraction also. Vertical is an interesting story, though. We've 
experimented with two models in Vertical in distribution space, in 
MBO space. And we've taken a very, very different sort of route, very 
different strategy. And I'm happy to share that the markets have 
responded pretty well, very good, actually to those strategies. 
 
So, we're looking at building there something. Though I myself, I used 
to say that we will not be available in the mass market, but we are 
dabbling our hand over there, experimenting over there. You may ask 
why they depart from the original narrative that we don't want to be in 
mass as well as in luxury. Luxury is still maintained. We'll not be in 
luxury, but mass, I'm trying to double my hands in. To be able to do 
something in the mass market, you need the backing of 
manufacturing, right? We never had our own manufacturing when it 
came to luggage. 
 
But now I'm seeing that the hard luggage manufacturing is on the 
horizon. And hence, trying to double my hand that can we actually 
then look at creating something which could go into the mass market? 
Because we'll have that power of pricing. So, the response initially is 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
good. I wouldn't still, I wouldn't say that please don't read it into this 
thing that over now suddenly, the vertical will start getting very big, 
and we'll start, because we're competing with very, very seasoned 
players. We're competing with the likes of Safari of the world. And I 
think they have done a brilliant job in capturing that market. And 
hence, when you have such a tough competition, we shouldn't be 
counting our eggs before they hatch. So, we'll wait and watch. We'll 
see how it goes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ankur Gulati. 
Ankur, you can go ahead and ask please. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Abhinav, the marketing expense which you mentioned is going to 
come down in Q1, Q2. Is this more seasonality, and it'll go back to 
Diwali season levels, or no? I mean, you'll spend more money in 
Diwali? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Little bit of seasonality is there let’s say in Q1 you did more in Q2 it 
dropped and in Q3 yes. Because of Diwali, there'll be certain ads. But 
as I said, by the end of the year, it would have come down to the 
levels that we had sort of I had indicated. So, last year, if you look at 
our marketing spend had gone to almost close to 8%. That's something 
that, said that, I'm in the business of licensing. I'm not in the business 
of making these brands. 
 
Yes. Once in a while, you invest strategically thinking that, okay, we 
need to invest. Like, for example, Juicy Couture. It's a 15-year license 
for me. Very good gross margins. Even if I invest today, it is required. 
You invest today, and you are then able to reap the benefits over a 
long period of time. So, but apart from that, if I talk about, yes, we 
invested in Bagline last year. And now we are seeing the results, 
right? 
 
So, H1, we have opened more than 10 stores now in only franchisee. 
And we have a good pipeline, so it's growing, right? So, the 
investments are subject to a particular strategy. Apart from that, on a 
regular basis, yes, our marketing spend will never be more than 4% to 
5%. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
So, it was before you hired? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We'll be bringing it to those levels. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
So, 4% to 5% used to be before you hired Arjun Rampal, right? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
So, what was that before that more 2%, 2.5%? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Or not even then that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
2% to 3%. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
And that extra 4% you spent last year was one-off. So steady-state, 
you're saying we were 2% to 2.5% is now going to go to 4.5%, right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. Between 4% to 5%. 4%, 5%, that kind of a number. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
And more from a strategy perspective, you have now added JC. So, 
you're basically monetising your funnel or channel, whatever you call 
it, right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
From a 12-month perspective or 24-month perspective, any other 
subcategory on your horizon? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Not a subcategory category, but, yes, product extensions are being 
tried day in, day out. So, small leather goods, I think there are a lot of 
other small items which we can get into develop accessories. It's a 
large space, and gifting for example is a brilliant space today. People 
looking at gifting something premium to something. So, we are 
developing those kinds of products as well. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Who has JC's apparel license in India? They have apparel line as well, 
right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. As of now, apparel license, they had signed up with the group, but 
I think we need to circle back to them and check if, as far as I'm 
aware, they're also in talks with a couple of other players. So, whom 
they finally, as of now, apparel doesn't exist over here. But the U.K. 
licensee, for example is a company and PDS runs in millions of 
dollars. They're the U.K. licensee. And they have done a fabulous job 
in creating a brilliant line in U.K. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
But the way I understand what you're doing with JC is something 
similar to Gap accessories in India. Not the whole line, but only the 
Gap accessory line? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Gap. And what's your experience? If I'm not wrong, that was Arvind, 
correct? Gap, but I don't know who was it. But that subline, how did 
that do for whoever that licensing in India? See, because for a small 
store, if you go to a mall, you end up paying 16%, 17%, 18% as rent. 
You want to do exclusive accessories stores. So how do you see that 
playing out? If at all aspiration is to grow their exclusive stores. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
If you talk about, when we talk about accessories, we see women 
handbags is going to be the mainstay, right. So, you can easily expect 
that 75% of the overall revenue is going to be coming only from the 
handbag division, right. Another 25% will be other accessories. 
 
Now, if you look at today, the price point that I'm talking about is a 
similar price point as your, Tommy Hilfiger handbags. You have 
Guess as a player over there, right? Now, Guess is doing very good. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Understood. Last thing and bit of a moon-shot. Any thoughts if JC 
doesn't get an India partner? You want to get the entire product range 
with you or no? Or you think you're still not ready for an apparel line? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I wouldn't want to get into apparel, to be honest at this point of time. It 
requires a completely different set of people, the entire buying, 
merchandising, fabric. Everything is very great. We don't understand 
that product, right? Neither me nor my entire team, although, I can 
probably just comment that it is good quality t-shit and all we don't 
have that knowledge. 
 
So, hence right now, getting into that, we'll not be able to do justice. 
And then whom do you want to fight with? You want to fight with 
Arvind and Madura's and Reliance's of the world? I mean, so but yeah, 
having said that that in the Juicy store, there is a quad set of Juicy 
Couture, which is a jacket and a lower. I don't know if you ever just do 
a Google search in Juicy Couture and that's the first image generally 
which comes up. 
 
And when the brand was hugely popular in the U.S. at one point of 
time where the likes of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, all these 
top models, they used to wear Juicy Couture. So, now that quadricep 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
is a very, very integral part of that whole brand story. So we are in 
contemplation that the EVO that we open, probably, we'll just dedicate 
one shelf to squad sets. But that's about it. We're not looking at getting 
into apparel completely. So, it's more to give that consumer a brand 
experience. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
And a brand and entity. Correct. So, this product you will import, 
right, wherever they're manufacturing? You're not going to? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. No. 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
Got it. All right. All the best. Thanks. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ankur. We'll take the last question from the line of Naysar 
Parikh. Naysar, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yeah. Hi, Abhinav. Thanks for taking the question. Just couple of 
them. So, you mentioned that, obviously, there is weakness in the 
market and lower SSSG and things like that. Our online to that effect 
has grown very well. I think 33% Y-o-Y, but there is weakness on the 
physical store front and things like that. Why do you think that is and 
how do you think the next few quarters will be? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See online, also if you see, online if you're comparing it with last 
year's Q1, in online your base keeps increasing, right. So, and then 
you start calling something as a run rate. So run rate, obviously, in Q2, 
Q3, Q4 itself slowly the run rate has been increasing. But if you look 
at Q1, I would rather say that even e-commerce was a little subdued. 
 
Probably the rate of growth, which they had came down or whichever 
ways. Second in e-commerce, there was also a huge pressure of 
discounting and capturing of bluer ASPs. Now if you keep lowering 
your ASP, you might be gaining higher in terms of volume. But I 
consider that not as a very healthy growth. So, your value growth 
should always be slightly higher than your volume growth, right. And 
rather being the vice versa where you're gaining on volume, but you're 
not gaining so much in terms of value, which means either you're 
discounting higher or your ASPs are coming down. 
 
Having said that, if you look at, sorry, what are the second part of your 
question? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
How we see that going forward? Like, what I'm trying to get to is that, 
is it that, physical stores? Is it that are we seeing weakness in Tier 2, 
Tier 3? So, I was trying to understand that. Is there a geographical 
play because of which we have a different online offline growth? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
This was a Pan-India player. At the end of the day how much will 
customer buy after COVID, for the next two years, consumers went 
berserk, right and then, there has to be some consolidation which 
happens how much will the end consumer buy. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
True, true. And so how long do you think this consolidation do you 
think it takes a three, four quarters for this to normalise? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
That's the reason I'm very hopeful that, by this Diwali, this Diwali 
should be good. So, I'm quite hopeful that, it should start bouncing 
back. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Understood. Second question was, when we look at UCB 
Aeropostale, it's been maybe 18 months, now since the brands have, 
we've added them. But it seems that the pickup is not as great. What is 
your evaluation? How would you kind of judge those two brands and 
how they have done? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, so I would say that, you're right that, it's been about 15, 18 
months that we signed. However, you should never calculate it from 
the signing, this thing, because it takes about good seven, eight 
months, nine months to develop products. So, the whole process, once 
you sign, then the designers will start designing. They'll take about at 
least 45 days to 60 days just to design it on the computer, present it to 
the brand, take approval, then get into sampling. 
 
You're developing everything for the first time. Add two to three 
months of production and one month of shipment time. So, once you 
calculate all of this, let's say that we started launching, for example, 
UCB luggage, started getting rolled out only from November, 
December onwards, right. UCB small leather goods, I can say that we 
started rolling it out from towards the end of Q2 last year, calendar 
Q2. 
 
So financial Q2, July, August, September period, that's when August, 
September is when we started rolling out. If you see UCB SLG. 
Recently, we got a ranking report from Shoppers Stop and very, very 
happy to share that the number one brand in small leather goods, 
ranked in Shoppers Stop, Tommy Hilfiger, and the number two is 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
United Colors of Benetton, right. So, our target was that, within one 
year, we will break in the top five. Here, I would say that less than one 
year, we are the second highest brand. So, the number one and number 
two position is both us. So, we are gaining traction as we speak. 
 
Luggage, but at the same time, yes, I would also say that there a lot of, 
there's still a lot of work to be done, specifically if I talk about more 
on the handbag space, we've recently introduced handbags in a few 
counters. We've got a good response, but I think still the option count, 
the overall collection coming through. So, give us one or two more 
seasons, and you'll start seeing the colour of United Colors of 
Benetton. So, the colour will start coming. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. So last question on manufacturing. So, two parts with one, our 
own plant, how's that going and what's the timeline and things to that. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
In fact, as of now, we're running almost, I would say 10 days ahead of 
schedule. But hopefully we continue on this path. So very, very happy 
with the way that plant is coming up. And I just said, we're also 
getting an industry veteran onboard to run that plant. Very seasoned 
professional. So, hopefully, we'll have some good news. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So that should start production by when? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
FY'25. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So, beginning of FY'25? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, no, end of FY'25. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
End of it, okay. And on the merger, you mentioned that we are 
progressing on the legal side, but operationally on the back end, are 
you doing something so that once the merger is concluded legally, we 
can just bring into action very soon, and we don't waste. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
The work has already started over there as well. So we are, for 
example, increasing our client base over there. There are two to three 
new clients who've actually come to us, and sample developments and 
all of that have already started. So, yeah there also work is going on 
and probably, this whole Bangladesh situation might be a little more 
helpful to us. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q1 & FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2024 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Naysar. Abhinav, if you may there is one last request in 
the chat from Jatinder Agarwal. Jatinder, if you want to go ahead and 
ask. Jatinder? Okay. Since that was the last question for the day, do 
you have any closing comments? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. I think, it's good. I think I'm pretty happy with the way things are 
going and happy with the results as well. So, hopefully, things will be 
brighter going in the future. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, all the participants, for joining on the call, and 
thank you to Abhinav for answering all the queries, patiently. That 
brings us to the end of the conference call. You may all disconnect. 
Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, everyone. 
