 
 
CIL/SE/2024-25/46 
August 20, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 540710 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: CAPACITE 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Ref: 
Sub-para 15(b) of Para A of Schedule III of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated August 9, 2024, we hereby enclose transcript of the earnings call held 
on August 16, 2024, on operational and financial results of the Company for the first quarter (Q1) ended 
June 30, 2024. 
 
Please take same on record. 
 
This disclosure will also be hosted on Company’s website viz. www.capacite.in. 
 
For any correspondence/ queries/ clarifications, please write to cs@capacite.in. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
   
 
 
Rahul Kapur 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Rahul 
Kapur
Digitally signed 
by Rahul Kapur 
Date: 2024.08.20 
10:51:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the Company’s website will prevail 
 
 
  
         
  
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHIT KATYAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CAPACIT'E INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH DAS – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CAPACIT'E INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
MR. NISHITH PUJARY – PRESIDENT, FINANCE – 
CAPACIT'E INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Before 
we begin, a brief disclaimer. The presentation which Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited has 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 2 of 16 
 
uploaded on the Stock Exchange and their website, including discussions during this call contain 
or may contain certain forward-looking statements concerning Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
business prospects and profitability, which are subject to several risks and uncertainties, and the 
actual results could materially differ from those in such forward-looking statements. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohit Katyal, Executive Director. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Capacit'e, I welcome everyone to the Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of the company. Joining me on this call is Mr. Rajesh Das, CFO; Mr. Nishith 
Pujary, President, Finance; and Marathon Capital, our IR team. I hope everyone has had an 
opportunity to look at our results. The presentation and press release have been uploaded on the 
Stock Exchanges and our company's website. 
 
We are delighted to start the year on a high note with achieving a year-on-year growth of 32% 
in revenue from operations as well as significant improvement in margins. This was achieved 
despite the labor migration during elections. The highest ever quarterly PAT is a reflection of 
our careful project selection and our execution expertise. The higher execution has helped us in 
better absorption of fixed costs, thereby leading to improved profitability. 
Over the past few years, while our order book size has expanded significantly, the number of 
projects under execution have reduced. This has resulted in higher revenue contribution per 
project site, better absorption of fixed costs, thereby leading to improved margin profile. 
 
Our efforts towards improving the net working capital cycle has translated into a reduction of 
17 days in Q1 FY '25 over Q4 FY '24. We remain committed towards improving our working 
capital cycle and maintaining healthy profitability. Friends, we have embarked on a high growth 
profile, backed by a diverse order book from distinguished clients in both public and private 
sector. With strong financials alongside our execution prowess, we are confident of setting up 
new performance benchmarks in the quarters and years to come. 
 
Other key updates, the company achieved highest ever quarterly profit after tax. We firmly 
believe that the momentum should continue. Reduction in net working capital cycle by 17 days, 
we are confident that we should see a healthy reduction during the current financial year. 
 
Let me now come to the consolidated performance highlights for Q1 FY '25. Revenue from 
operations for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR570 crores, up by 32% as compared to INR430 crores in 
Q1 FY '24. EBITDA for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR116 crores, up by 54% as compared to INR76 
crores in Q1 FY '24. EBITDA margin for Q1 FY '25 stood at 20.1% as compared to 17.4% in 
Q1 FY '24. EBIT for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR93 crores, up 82% as compared to INR51 crores in 
Q1 FY '24. EBIT margin for Q1 FY '25 stood at 16.1% as compared to 11.8% in Q1 FY '24. 
PAT for the period Q1 FY '25 stood at INR53 crores, up 180% as compared to INR19 crores in 
Q1 FY '24. PAT margin for Q1 FY '25 stood at 9.2% as compared to 4.4% in Q1 FY '24. Gross 
debt stood at INR336 crores as on June 30, '24 as compared to INR326 crores as on March 31, 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 3 of 16 
 
2024, with gross debt-to-equity at 0.21. Net debt stood at INR94 crores with net debt to equity 
at 0.06x. 
 
The company continued its focus on increasing execution across projects while improving 
working capital cycle. Our order book on a standalone basis as on 30th June 24, stood at 
INR8,828 crores. Further, the work front for additional INR1,000 crores has been made available 
by MHADA for our BDD project. Public sector accounts for 72% while private sector accounts 
for 28% of the total order book. 
 
I'll leave the floor now open for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of numbers. My first question 
is on the labor issues you spoke about, which affected your Q1 numbers. Has this panning out 
as you speak and expect Q2 FY '25 and the balance of the year, this issue to normalize? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So labor is a challenge across industry. It's not only for Capacit'e. So what you can actually do -
- and the company has improved upon the payment terms from earlier a month to 15-day good 
payment cycle for the labor force. And that has definitely resulted in some increase. So as we 
move forward, training and retaining the labor force essentially through labor contractors will 
be a continuous focus. And while if you say it will not be a challenge, no, it is a challenge for 
the industry because adequate trained labor force is a challenge across industries, especially in 
the building segment. But we will ensure that the full year target for the company is achieved if 
not surpassed. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So if I'm not wrong, sir, I think you've given a guidance of 25% growth, right? 
Rohit Katyal: 
That's right. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, understood. My second question is on the order inflow outlook, how do you think about 
how it has panned out in Q1? How do you think it's looking like in the balance of fiscal -- are 
you seeing the increasing momentum post the election more inquiry? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The big pipeline is strong across both public sector and private sector. Of course, there were 
central government elections. And then as per the CVC guidelines, you do have a blackout 
period. But we are back to bidding, and we do hope to achieve the target of INR3,000 crores in 
the current fiscal, if not more. This INR3,000 crores is excluding the fronts open up from BDD 
project of MHADA and get added into the order book. I just mentioned in my opening remarks, 
that another INR1,000 crores has opened up. So effectively the order book should be read as 
INR8,800 plus, plus INR1,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Darshil Pandya: 
So, first question is already answered for the order inflow. My next question would be on the 
EBIT margins that we would be seeing for this year. How are you seeing those EBITDA margins 
for this year? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So, Darshil we have commented in the last financial year that once our order execution speed 
improves beyond INR550 crores, you will see an expansion in the margins. That's what you are 
actually witnessing now because there is a reduction as a percentage to turnover in the fixed cost 
of the company. So there is no reason why these margins plus or minus 1% should be achievable 
for the full year, if not better 
Darshil Pandya: 
Got it. And, sir, last call we discussed about this Gift City project. I would like to hear more on 
that from your side. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Gift City project is in full flow. We expect to complete that by January of current financial year. 
We continue to bid. As we speak, we are bidding for certain more projects in Gift City area 
because the client and the other private sector clients over there find our quality far superior to 
what they have seen. So, yes, we do believe that Gift City will offer opportunity in the quarters 
to come and wherever our pricing need not be compromised, we will be very happy to execute 
projects over there for both Gift and for private sector. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Got it. All right. I will get back to you. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Verma from Verma & Associates. Please 
go ahead. 
Mukul Verma: 
Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity. Rohit ji, congratulations on a fantastic quarter. I 
have two questions. One is, are we looking to expand to new geographies, specifically Andhra 
Pradesh, considering Central Government allocation to the state for development of 
infrastructure? And second question is, what is the tax rate that we kind of will be put into for 
this year? Because I see last year we have seen a higher tax rate. These are the two questions. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes. So, good morning, Mukul. Let me take your tax rate question. We are at 25% plus surcharge 
and that would be the tax rate applicable for the full year. If there are reversals in deferred tax, 
the tax rate would appear to be that much lower and when the reversals don't come, then the tax 
rate would look that much little bit higher for the full year. However, at the moment, answering 
your question, it is 25% plus surcharge. 
 
So, your second question was? Geographical expansion. Now, you are aware that prior to 
COVID, the company was present in seven cities. Now, that seven cities basically entail about 
10 to 11 states for other contractors. But we are a pure urban player working in tier one cities. 
So, the company has enough experience of having executed projects and delivered on time with 
high credit quality across Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai, Goa. 
 
We have delivered more than six or seven projects in Delhi NCR and of course Mumbai MMR. 
So, as I speak to you today, we are already there in Mumbai. We are in Mumbai MMR. We are 
there already in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar. We are there in Delhi NCR, both in the 
private and public space. 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
And at the moment, we are actively bidding for certain public sector projects like AIIMS and so 
on in Bangalore, Hyderabad, and for CPWD projects, apart from active bidding, which is going 
on in Maharashtra. So, yes, there will be an expansion in the geographies. But that will, for at 
least the current financial year, be limited to what geographies we were servicing prior to 
COVID. 
Mukul Verma: 
Great. So, just to follow on. So, what is the kind of, last time I remember, you had mentioned 
that you take order book of close to INR3,000 crores for this year. So, what is it that we have 
kind of got it in the first quarter? And is there anything to be announced in due course of time? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So, whatever has to be announced will be announced in quarter two and as we move forward. In 
the first quarter, as I told you, we have received the fourth repeat order from Lodha for the 
upscale residential project in Worli. The work has already started. 
 
The billing has started, number one. Apart from that, I also gave, during my opening remarks, 
that BDD project, earlier where we had received the 11 towers for rehab portion, the sealed 
towers also have been released, thereby adding close to INR1,000 crores of executable order 
book. You are aware that our scope in BDD, including escalation, is close to INR5,500 crores 
or thereabouts. 
 
So far, only INR1,200 crores was included in the order book. Now, that inclusion includes 
another additional INR1,000 crores, taking the total order book of BDD to INR2,200 crores or 
thereabouts in our executable order book. So, you have to remember that in quarters going 
forward, we still have to realize executable order book of close to INR3,300 to INR3,400 crores 
from BDD. 
 
Apart from the new orders which we take. So, our guideline is for new order intake of INR3,000 
crores in the current financial year and I don't see any reason why we shouldn't achieve that. 
Mukul Verma: 
Superb, sir. Congratulations and I will join back in a queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press star and 1 to ask a question. The next question 
is from the line of Rikin from Capri Global. Please go ahead. 
Rikin: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on a good quarter and 
execution on the balance sheet as well. Sir, first question is on the order inflow guidance that 
you have mentioned. So, what we are indicating is excluding of the potential addition of 
INR1,000 crores in the BDD order. We would look at INR3,000 crores of inflow and if BDD 
happens, then it could be 4000. Is my understanding correct? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Correct. The only correction is MHADA will not happen. It has already happened. 
Rikin: 
Okay. So, INR 1,000 crore has already happened and we are looking at a total INR 3,000 crores 
additional order inflow that we expect during the year. And in terms of mixed basis, the current 
bidding that you have, do you see a similar public versus private inflow in this INR3,000 crores? 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Rohit Katyal: 
Rikin, please try to understand. This is a very dynamic thing. We continue to bid for good clients 
both in private and government sector. And a win of private sector, let's say, you will end up 
getting an order of INR500 crores, let's say, next month. Then suddenly that percentage will 
change. But ideally, we would like to maintain that somewhere between 70-75 to 25-30 levels. 
 
Simply because all the government projects now have become EPC. That gives us an opportunity 
to exercise our engineering expertise and therefore improve upon the margins. As far as the 
private sector is concerned, yes, we are working for all the top 15 developers across the 
geographies where we are present. So, if you talk about Delhi, Godrej, M3M, DLF are our 
existing clients. If you talk about Mumbai, you think about a good name and they are there with 
us as our clients. And the positive part is that we have delivered to each of these clients. 
 
It's not that the delivery will happen in future. And most of these clients, basically, we will end 
up getting repeat orders. Similarly, though we do not look at Bangalore from the private sector 
perspective, we, as I mentioned, we will be bidding for certain central government funded 
projects in Bangalore and going forward in Andhra as well. 
 
So, I do believe that there is a serious momentum just on the horizon. And I think we are not 
anything more than two or three months away from there. Where at least you would have an 
opportunity to choose and bid for more than INR2,000 crores per month. 
 
So, yes, answering that, this is the strategy and this is what will translate into order book of 
INR3,000 crores apart from MHADA. Out of this INR3,000 crores, INR250 crores from Lodha 
has already happened. But then, as seen in the past, the company has always surpassed its 
projections as far as order inflows are concerned. 
 
The only thing which the company would like to ensure is that there is no need to go and bang 
our head and reduce our overall profitability in a bid to just win orders. So, this is what the 
strategy of the company has been. I have been repeating this for the last eight quarters. And the 
company is now showing results from quarter four of last financial year and has continued that 
momentum in the first quarter of the current financial year and which is expected to grow and 
improve upon. 
Rikin: 
So, just one follow-up on the order inflow. So, given that the largest state is Maharashtra where 
you would see a state election, would there be any impact or slowdown you envisage for the 
order inflow, particularly from the public sector for that period or you don't envisage that taking 
place? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So yes, there will be no bidding 40 days prior to the election dates and I do not know what 
election dates whether they have been announced or not. So you will have a 60-day lull in the 
public sector in Maharashtra. However, whatever bids have been submitted I expect that they 
should materialize either way before the code of conduct is put in place.  
However, that is only for Maharashtra, Central PWD, Andhra Pradesh, public sector health care 
projects in Karnataka and the other geographies where we are operating, that will continue 
unhindered. We have to appreciate that the central government came only 60 days back. So you 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 7 of 16 
 
will see a lot of traction in the central PSUs and central government projects in the months 
coming going ahead. 
Rikin: 
Got it, sir. Sir, one question on the working capital front. So you did outline in the presentation 
the improvement that you achieved in the current quarter. If you could outline what have been 
the areas that have driven this improvement and your guidance for the full year in terms of how 
working capital could shape up for us? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So firstly, we have collected more than INR100 crores of retention over the last 9 to 10 months 
period due to ample availability of bank guarantee limits. Now the company already also has 
access to surety bonds which all central PSUs expect in lieu of to bank guarantees. That's number 
one.  
Number two, the company has increased its revenues while maintaining the debtor levels. Which 
means that the number of days with respect to revenue is concerned has reduced as a percentage 
to the top line. Going forward, we see this trend to further strengthen. And thirdly, our old stuck 
monies like IGMS 50% of that has already been realized in the quarter 1, we believe that the 
balance 50% will get realized in the quarter 2. 
 
All the projects which have been handed over delivered, we do believe that the retention and the 
final bill payments will come through in quarter 2 and more so in quarter 3. And therefore, all 
these things are huge positive for the company. Lastly, whatever ECL and bad debts the company 
had taken over the last 3 years, the company is in a possession of real estate and it has given to 
a professional firm for disposal of these real estate assets.  
And we do expect about INR60 crores to INR70 crores of cash flows coming in from there in 
the remainder of the current financial year. So all these put together whatever 17 days reduction 
you have seen that the past, I do believe that there are more scope for 20 days till 31st March 
2025. Now that means an overall reduction of 37 days is what we are committed to do in the 
current financial year and go on improving over the next fiscal as well. 
Rikin: 
Understood. Great. That is very encouraging to hear. Thank you so much and all the best. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikash Agarwal from Pareto Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Vikash Agarwal: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question and congratulations Mr. Katyal on a great set of numbers. 
And my question is as you know other questions have already been answered related to order 
book. And current question is related to our credit rating. So where we are now today in terms 
of getting that upgrade? 
Rohit Katyal: 
You'll see that we will be distributing our quarter 1 numbers along with reduction in working 
capital cycle and whatever bank sanction have done. At the moment, the company is totally 
focused on ramping up its execution to achieve the targets or surpassing those targets. So I do 
believe that rating will happen in due course. However, the bank limits are in place. The 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 8 of 16 
 
company is doing exceedingly well as far as the execution front is concerned. So I wouldn't like 
to put a time of 15-days or 20-days, but it will happen sooner than later. 
Vikash Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you and best of luck.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Parvez Qazi: 
So just wanted to get an update on the two big projects that you are doing in MHADA and 
CIDCO. You already said that in MHADA you'd issue some additional work front. So for the 
balance, INR3,000-odd crores when do we expect that to become available to us. And also what 
is the kind of revenue, let's say which we did on the MHADA project in Q1? And something 
similar status update about the CIDCO, what is the work unavailable and what is the kind of 
execution that you have done in Q1? And what is our expectation for FY '25? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes. So Parvez on MHADA front, we earlier had INR1,200 crores plus to a INR1,400 crores of 
order front available. The company has executed in Q1 approximately INR134 crores of work. 
Out of this INR100 crores is certified sales and INR34 crores is ARPU sales approval. Similarly, 
on CIDCO front, the company has done certified sales in excess of INR64 crores. We believe 
that the momentum of CIDCO will be exponential. We have close to INR2,400 crores of land 
available to execute the project for execution. 
 
And we believe that in the current quarter, we should be close to about INR100 crores in CIDCO. 
And from next quarter onwards, we should be in excess of INR150 crores in CIDCO alone, 
further improving in quarter 4. Now in MHADA project, we expect the sales tower value of each 
being in excess of INR650 crores, starting from December onwards. Once this -- and we already 
have received the land availability.  
So the piling will start. These are heavy piles. These are buildings in excess of 300 meters require 
serious preparatory work which have started and we should start the work by December. So you 
will see that there will be an expansion and we will be in a position to build a minimum INR140 
crores plus price variation starting from December, January onwards in MHADA as well. 
 
But the traction is not only in these 2 projects, Parvez across our Bhandup Hospital project has 
seen serious traction. JJ Hospital, we are billing INR20 crores per month. So my philosophy, 
which we talk about earlier also Parvez, that if we have 25 projects and each project can give us 
excess of INR10 crores revenue, that is how we are going to do to INR3,000 crores or we are 
going to do INR3,500 crores. That is simply panning out now and that is what we're seeing in 
the execution happening. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. Thanks and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rolita from Hindustan Construction Company. 
Please go ahead. 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Rolita: 
I wanted to know who are your top clients and their contribution percentage contribution to your 
revenues. And you've said you've got repeat customers like Raymond, Godrej and Lodha. So 
how does their profitability compare with each other? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Could you repeat the last part of your question, how does their profitability? 
Rolita: 
Yes -- compared to clients, like you said, you have repeat customers of Raymond, Godrej, 
Lodha. How does their profitability compare with each other through the projects? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So Ronita I will not be able to compare clients, my clients. I don't want to upset either any of 
them. We own them in high esteem, and it would not be appropriate for me to comment on their 
profitability. If you are talking about our profitability with respective clients, again that is ... 
Rolita: 
Yes. I'm talking about your profitability. 
Rohit Katyal: 
So that is business, madam. We cannot say the different ranges of profitability we charge from 
each client. In the private sector, it's more on invitation basis and repeat order means the client 
is happy, willing us to pay a little bit extra for getting that performance and the quality which 
they are now used to from Capacite. Public sector, obviously, as I mentioned, now the whole 
thing is EPC. So therefore you see bigger players competing in the space where the project sizes 
are INR500 crores and more. We continue to be one of them.  
And if you look at pan-India level in building sector which includes hospitality, includes 
healthcare, includes infrastructure like stadiums, so on and so forth or super High-rise buildings 
from government as well. 
 
We are one of the prominent players and being EPC company and competing with likes of L&T, 
Shapoorji, Ahluwalia. I believe that all these are mature companies. And it is not a competition 
which you would see in other infra segments. So it is more mature competition and thereby, 
which is getting reflected in the profit statements coming quarter-on-quarter basis. But if you 
ask me to define the profitability on the private sector client wise, I'm sorry that will not be 
possible. 
Rolita: 
No worries. I would like to know who are your top clients in the private sector and their 
percentage contribution to revenue? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So the top clients at the moment from an order book perspective, would start with Raymond. 
The entire Thane project current order book profile is more than INR1,500 crores. Of this 
INR700 crores has been executed. That is followed by Godrej followed by SBUT, Saifee 
Burhani trust. And all these are repeat clients that has to be remembered. Apart from this, Lodha 
is our client from 2012 onwards since the company was incorporated. We have executed 3 
projects and delivered, including the Trump Tower, and the Worli project is a high premium 
project, which is the fourth repeat order project. Similarly, from growth rate, this is a fourth 
project. M3M is a new client for the company. 
 
The company is executing a project of INR550 crores or thereabouts in Noida for them. So many 
more Oberoi, we have delivered 3 projects. We are in line to deliver the fourth project that is 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 10 of 16 
 
OGC Tower 1 and 2 by this March 25. We are executing projects for DLF in Goa,  we have 
completed 2 towers for Piramal. Mahalaxmi most premium flagship project, the third tower is 
under execution and nearing completion. 
 
Apart from this Prestige, we have Mr. Atul Ruia Group, Phoenix Mill, Phoenix Market City, 
Raheja as our clients, and we continue to bid for their new projects. So it's an ongoing process, 
but I must have taken names of the most reputed client developers in the country. On the 
government side, we are working for MHADA, CIDCO the futuristic body and MCGM. We are 
working for a department of telecommunications through an escrow mechanism with BSNL. 
We are working with PWD. And this list will increase. We have added IOCL as our esteem 
client and of course, Gift City. So a long list of clients, which is only going to increase and 
improve further. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aldrin Viegas, from Jinanand Research Analyst. 
Aldrin Viegas: 
Firstly, the question was is it this quarter full of rains and could you set a target for Q2 as well 
as for the full year PAT guidance? 
Rohit Katyal: 
You have seen the margins pan out in quarter 3 and quarter 4, isn't that sufficient sir to give you 
a guidance for the year. Now the point is our historic guidance has been at 11% to 12% of EBIT 
and PAT level of 5.5%, but increase in revenues are reflecting the expansion in the margins, and 
we do expect that to continue for the whole year, especially in quarter 3 and quarter 4. You have 
to remember that quarter 2, is always marked with monsoon stoppages. But yes, we do expect 
the whole year guidance to be in line with what you have seen in quarter 1. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anupam Gupta from IIFL Securities. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Just continuing on the previous question. If you can give a better picture of why the margins 
have expanded in the first quarter? And is there a mix effect which is playing out or any specific 
thing, which is leading margins for you? 
Rohit Katyal: 
There are two things Anupam. One thing, as I told you, there has been an expansion in revenues, 
expansion in revenues, anything beyond the INR550 crores. Obviously, reducing the fixed cost 
of the company, whether it is finance cost, whether it's staffing cost, whether it is all the indirect 
expenses as the company incurs. So one of the reason is that there is an expansion impact. 
 
Secondly, you will see that the cost of consumption of material and construction services has 
also following in proportion as a percentage of the top line. This is a simple reason that more 
revenue from the EPC project is coming into play now. And I have always maintained that as 
and when this happens, you will see an expansion in margins. So even for the remainder of the 
current financial year, you will see serious revenues, higher revenues coming from these EPC 
projects, whether it is CIDCO, MHADA whether it's MCGM hospitals, or PWD hospital. So we 
do see a significant improvement, which has already got reflected in quarter 4 of the last fiscal 
and quarter 1 of the current fiscal to continue. 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Now yes, there may be a certain blip in the quarter 2 because of monsoons that cannot be ruled 
out. But as I told you, it will pan out, if not better, because you will see and let us put it this way, 
that the investors at large will be positively surprised by our growth in quarter 3 and quarter 4. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. Second question is in terms of order inflows. So incrementally, what is the target and 
within the target, what is, let's say, how much of government orders will you want to take given 
that those are pretty good quality orders at least, which we are seeing right now. So what is the 
view there? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The private sector will be and is always on invitation. So we will pick and choose which do not 
negatively impact our overall EBITDA or PAT projections for the year and the next 3 years. 
That's number one. 
 
Number two, as far as the government sector is concerned, we will continue to work with quality 
of the clients like we are working for today. We are very eager to add CPWD and we are very 
eager to add those projects which the central government has funded, whether it is through PSUs 
or for that matter, projects, which may come up in the state of Bihar all state of Andhra Pradesh, 
which will be funded by JICA, guarantee for which has been taken by the central government. 
JICA or ADB. So these are the projects which we would like to participate in. Having said so, I 
believe that the contribution from public sector will be close to 70%, 75%, and the remainder 
coming from private sector. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. Third question is, pardon me, I wasn't there in the first part of the call, but what is your 
guidance for revenues for '25 and '26? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So '25, we have already given a guidance of 25%. First quarter has happened and has panned 
out quite well. We see that, this will continue for the remaining of the financial year. So 25% 
minimum improvement year-on-year is given. I don't see any reason why we shouldn't exceed 
that substantially. And while the guidance has not been given, we have already said that we will 
grow by 25% CAGR from '23-'24 onwards for the next 4 years. So 1 year has gone. We have 
grown by that number. And other 3 years, we will grow on an incremental base at minimum 
25%, if not there. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. Do you see any risk to this, especially from labor because multiple avenues have 
highlighted labor being a very big constraint for execution. Do you see that as a risk for you as 
well? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So we have addressed a certain part of that. And I'd like to speak to you today, we are in 90% 
manned across projects, manned as the sense, the labor force. And because it's monsoons and 
elections -- central elections behind us, West Bengal elections is not coming up this year, Bihar 
elections happening next year. So for the current part of the remaining fiscal, I do not see that as 
a challenge for us. We have improved their payment terms from earlier monthly to every 15 day 
cycle. So that's helping us retain more and more workforce. That's part number one. 
 
Part number two, since we have significant revenues now coming from EPC projects in the 
public sector. In a pure shell and core business for the private sector, the labor requirement is 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 12 of 16 
 
much higher. It's a normal thing because you're doing only the RCC works. As opposed to this, 
when you go to government, a contract is only 40% RCC and finishes and the remainder gets 
into a in HVAC, eletromechanical works, building management systems and so on and so forth. 
So therefore, the revenue to the labor cost deployed is higher in EPC projects. And that is why 
we are very confident this time because nearly 70% more revenue would come from public 
sector clients. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. And one last question. You have given your cash back. Is it possible to share your cash 
flow from operations for this quarter if you have that number? 
Rohit Katyal: 
I don't have it, but I will tell Amit Porwal to forward it to you. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. So just -- let's say, if you can give me a qualitative picture where you have mentioned that 
your working capital has come down by 17 days. Does that also include the unbilled revenue 
and the uncertified revenue part? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes, overall total. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. Understand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanat an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sanat: 
Sir, congratulations on the good set of numbers. So my question is whether the guidance you 
have given 25%. I think this is a conservative number. Given the others we have, I feel 30% to 
40% growth is possible with this financial reward, I think. Is it safe to assume, sir? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So I have given you a guidance. Earlier, we never used to give a guidance. Now we have started 
giving guidance. We never shied away from giving guidance even when the company was not 
doing too well. We appreciate that the investors have stood by us and believed in what we've 
mentioned. Anything be about this should be to treated as sweet dish and our gift to the investing 
community. 
Sanat: 
Yes. Because what are the numbers you have posted is a very good number. And basically, this 
H2 is better than H1. I mean the earlier kind of your target is to reach INR800 crores per quarter. 
So you see the INR800 crores in the quarter 3 or quarter 4, mostly our revenue may reach more 
than whatever the target you have given, is this right, sir? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Sir, I just mentioned that projections are given on a conservative basis what we can achieve. 
Now whatever improved you say, or you believe. I will not deny that but we will please comment 
on this in quarter 3, because quarter 3 will set the tone not only for the current year's full growth 
number but also will set the tone for what the company will 100% achieve in the next financial 
year. 
Sanat: 
Okay. Sir, one more last question. You have mentioned that you are offering -- you are working 
in hospital sector, whether we are giving services to AIIMS in the Telangana region? 
Rohit Katyal: 
AIIMS where? 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sanat: 
Telangana. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Telangana. No, no. AIIMS is setting up hospitals across India. So it's not that whether we will 
focus on Telangana or Andhra or Maharashtra or Delhi NCR or Patna, Bihar wherever. 
Wherever the project comes and we qualify for that project, let's say, INR500 crores, INR600 
crores, we will definitely participate with a competitive bidding. 
 
So basically, the success ratio is between 18% to 25% because there are a limited number of 
qualified players in buildings and the hospitals. So this will continue. At the moment, we have 
already completed Varanasi that holds the record for the fastest completed hospital in the 
country. We are executing 3 hospitals as on today and we hopefully should be able to bag a 
couple of more hospitals in the current financial year. So that sector will definitely be at least 
15% to 17% of our overall outlook. 
Sanat: 
Sir, one last question. So we have any limitation to participate in the tenders of above INR1,000 
crores? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So we have already got 2 orders, one in consortium with Tata projects of INR11,700 crores and 
one is for INR4,200 crores. So it will depend on project to project, state to state. The qualification 
criteria is set up as per the CVC guidelines by the consultants and the client. So we have very 
little role to play in that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from H.G Hawa & 
Company. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, with the number of real estate projects going up in Mumbai, are we seeing some competitive 
intensity reducing within the contractors? And are many real estate developers actually agreeing 
to your increased contracts as well as your increase rates? 
Rohit Katyal: 
I clarified this last quarter also to you. That we will work with our margin profile. There is no 
need for the company to compromise on its margin profile. Given our order book and also the 
fact that nearly INR3,500 crores is yet to get added on MHADA project, which is already under 
our credit and this 3,500 is our scope of work, isn't it? So the point is that whichever clients in 
the private sector are agreeable to award work at our margin profile, we will definitely do work 
for them. 
 
Number two, you're aware that plants like Raymond and M3M have not taken any guarantees 
from us, neither performance guarantee, neither advance guarantees. So we would like to push 
for certain contracts like of this nature where the company's financial exposure is the least 
exposed, and we can do -- we can have a better margin profile. So we will look at all aspects. 
But yes, as I told you last time also, the margin profile on super-high -rise buildings in Mumbai 
MMR region has improved and so has it improved in the Delhi NCR region. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So our bargaining power insured is a little better now? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Sorry? 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
Our bargaining power now with private development is a little better now? 
Rohit Katyal: 
They are our clients, there is no power in this. We are always very submissive. So I do believe 
that the clients also appreciate that if they need good contractors, a little bit higher price does 
not harm in the long run maybe a good contractor is executing that project maybe they are 
marketing options also could improve. I'm not saying that it will improve but I'm sure that they 
will be able to share a little bit of their overall margin profile. 
Faisal Hawa: 
That's good, if we have really improved ourselves time and again to them. We can waive a lot 
of these guarantees so much in terms of bank guarantees et cetera. But this is a fair ask from 
your side. Thank you very much. And it's been a great time investing with you and seeing the 
whole company through so many problems and yet overcoming them so well. Many 
congratulations as well as appreciation to you, sir. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Thank you very much Mr. Hawa. Thank you for standing by us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Verma from Verma Associates. Please 
go ahead. 
Mukul Verma: 
Can you throw some light on the INR700 crores data center that which you have mentioned in 
the last con call? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Mukul that has got extended because of the election in central government earlier. So we have 
given our extension. I should be better placed to inform more on this maybe over the next 
fortnight or so. But yes, we are... 
Mukul Verma: 
Okay. And just to confirm on that additional depreciation, what we are charging due to change 
in accounting policy that could kind of get over by this year end? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes, since we already are down, you see that depreciation has fallen. So whatever I told you in 
December '24 quarter that is panning out exactly of what I told. The depreciation will fall and 
therefore, we should look at EBIT and... 
Mukul Verma: 
Last quarter, Q-on-Q has increased. 
Rohit Katyal: 
That is a slight increase. sir. So it's very clear that the site establishment, which was INR265 
crores as on first of April 22 stand's at close to INR100 crores as on today. So you have already 
written off depreciation of INR165 crores of the site establishment of temporary structures 
contained in the financials. And this should get written off over the next 4 quarters. If you 
remember earlier also, as said, by June 25, that in 8 quarters, this will not be there, maybe INR10 
crores, INR15 crores here and there. 
Mukul Verma: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Mehta, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Vishal Mehta: 
Good afternoon sir, thank you for giving me the opportunity. And congratulations on a very 
good set of numbers, sir. Sir, I have two questions, sir. In the last quarter, you have mentioned 
that we have in fact INR250 crores of bank guarantee limits and incremental of INR107 crores 
of sanctions were there in place. So I just wanted to check with that, do we acquire external bank 
guarantee limits for the additional INR3,500 crores of orders, which we are bidding for this 
financial year. If you can give some guidance on that? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So we are already armed with pre limits of INR250 crores available with us, okay? And that is 
good enough to take care of the next quarters. Further, you have to remember that bank guarantee 
were issued and they are received back also, okay? So we do believe that there will be overall 
availability of INR350 crores of bank guarantee limits excluding CIDCO and MHADA for the 
company to expand its order profile and also to issue for retention guarantees. Because as you 
are aware on a quarterly basis, our bank guarantee limits come back also once the advance is 
recovered. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Okay. And one more question, sir. Suppose if you bid for say X crores of order. So how much 
do we receive out of it I mean what is the conversion ratio of the order book? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So I just mentioned the conversion ratio would range between 18% to 25% in government and 
private sector, you see it's more on invitation basis. So we continue to bid for private sector 
clients on case-to-case basis, which I've already expanded and elaborated a lot on that. And in 
the government side, I told you there is enough opportunity for projects of INR2,000 crores 
month-on-month basis. And therefore, the guidance of fresh order book at INR3,000 crores apart 
from MHADA project in the current financial year. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. And all the best for future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Just wanted to check what is the capex that we did in Q1? And what is the target for FY '25? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So the target, Parvez, we continue to be conservative on the capex. The overall, the total 
additions to our -- was about INR28 crores in Q1, all right? And we do expect to restrict this 
figure to about INR65 crores for the full financial year. So typically, what you want you to see 
till 2023, INR150 crores, INR120 crores, we have bought it down substantially less in last year. 
And that will continue in the current financial year as well. 
 
And I just wanted to clarify, I mean if he is there on the line. This INR28 crores includes the 
purchase of office for the company at Shrikant Chambers 5th floor. So the core asset addition is 
only INR18 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa and Company. Please go 
ahead. 

  
 
 
 
 
 Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited 
 
August 16, 2024 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Amit Agicha: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my 
question was with respect to cost of borrowings because in March '24, the interest, which is 
shown as INR96 crores on borrowings of INR330 crores. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes. Go on, please? 
Amit Agicha: 
Hello? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes, please. 
Amit Agicha: 
My question was with respect to the cost of borrowings because on March '24, the interest total 
was shown as INR96 crores on borrowings of INR330 crores. 
Rohit Katyal: 
So please try to understand that this interest includes interest from on mobilization and advance 
from clients wherever applicable like in MCGM, number one. This includes discount charges 
paid on LC for purchase of material and it is not necessarily attributable to only the CC limit or 
the gross borrowing, which you see of INR330 crores. 
 
This also includes commissions on bank guarantees, issued which are to the tune of nearly 
INR1,500 crores by the company. So there is a clear-cut bifurcation, and you may approach our 
IR team if you need any clarification of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Rohit Katyal 
for closing comments. 
Rohit Katyal: 
I would like to thank once again all of you all for joining us on this call today. We hope that we 
have been able to answer your queries. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team for any 
clarifications or feedback. Thank you, and see you next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Capacit'e Infraprojects Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
