 
 
 
Registered Office: 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction,
E: sales@neogenchem.com
T: +91 22 2549 7300
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India.
W: www.neogenchem.com
F: +91 22 2549 7399
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code No: 542665 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
 
Sub.: Q1 & FY25 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call 
Transcript of the Company’s Q1 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on August 8, 2024. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
company’s 
website 
at 
https://neogenchem.com/financial-performance/. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UNNATI 
RAJESH 
KANANI
Digitally signed by 
UNNATI RAJESH 
KANANI 
Date: 2024.08.16 
16:03:34 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Neogen Chemicals Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone, and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call for analysts and investors. Today, we are joined by senior 
members of the management team including Dr. Harin Kanani – Managing Director 
and Mr. Ketan Vyas – Chief Financial Officer. We will commence the call with 
opening thoughts from the Management Team, post which we shall open the forum 
for Q&A, where the Management will be addressing queries of the participants. 
Before we commence, I would like to share our standard disclaimer. Certain 
statements made or discussed on today's conference call could be forward looking 
in nature. The actual results may vary from these forward-looking statements.  
A detailed disclaimer in this regard is available in Neogen Chemicals’ Q1 FY25 
earnings presentation, which has been uploaded on the stock exchange websites. I 
would now like to invite Dr. Kanani to share his perspectives. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you for joining us on our 1st Quarter Earnings Call for FY25. As always, I 
begin by sharing my views on the performance and strategy, while Mr. Ketan Vyas, 
CFO will take you through the financial highlights. 
Neogen Chemicals has demonstrated a strong start to the new year with healthy 
improvement in both top line and profitability matrices. Despite easing pressure, the 
business landscape was still marked by challenges including low China demand and 
price, economic uncertainties and supply chain disruptions. 
In response to weak global agrochemical markets, we strategically shifted our focus 
to non-agrochemical applications which offered more stable demand. We overcame 
severe logistic hurdles through robust supply chain management, solidifying 
customer ties. Both BuLi Chem and Neogen Ionics have made positive contributions 
to the consolidated performance. 
Let me quickly summarize the key financials for Q1 FY25. Our consolidated revenue 
stood at Rs. 180 crore, higher by 9% YoY while EBITDA came in at Rs. 31 crore, an 
increase of 10% translating to EBITDA margin of 17.1%. Profit after tax stood at Rs. 

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
11.5 crore, representing an increase of 18%. Mr. Ketan Vyas will share more insights 
on the financial performance. 
Turning your attention to our segmental performance, in Q1 FY25 organic revenue 
growth stood at 17%, while inorganic revenues declined by 14%. Both bromine and 
lithium raw material prices significantly declined during the period. But for this fall in 
bromine prices, the organic revenues would have been higher by Rs. 14 crore in Q1 
FY25. Likewise inorganic revenues would have been higher by Rs. 27 crore if it were 
not for the steep fall in lithium prices. 
Moving on to our expansion initiatives, the initial capacities of both lithium electrolyte 
salts and electrolyte are up and running. Out of 400 MTPA capacity of electrolyte 
salts and additives, we have commissioned 200 MTPA and started shipping 
commercial quantities to international customers based on approvals received. Out 
of 2,000 MT electrolyte plant, 200 MTPA has been commissioned and trial quantities 
have been dispatched to three customers. Their approval is underway. 
Customer feedback pertaining to product quality and efficiency has been favourable 
so far. As a result, we are hosting many domestic and international clients to our 
facility for product inspection and approval processes. These capacities will cater to 
the immediate needs of customers and will also provide valuable market insights. 
With respect to our Greenfield battery chemicals facility using MUIS technology, I 
am glad to share that we have achieved financial closure for bulk of the CAPEX with 
favourable terms. Construction work has already commenced and we remain on 
track for strategically commissioning this facility in FY26 aligning with upcoming 
battery capacities in India. We anticipate two major battery manufacturers to start 
production this year and are engaging with them in long-term electrolyte supply 
contract discussions. Our strategic hiring in battery chemicals is nearly complete and 
close to 70-80 employees are on board focussing on project execution alongside 
ongoing phase-I production. 
We continue to see strong demand for non-Chinese supply of lithium salts and 
electrolytes from derisking standpoint and have accordingly initiated discussions 
through MoUs, pricing commitments with international customers. 
In a boost to Indian battery manufacturers, (the government has) exempted critical 
minerals, such as, lithium from custom duties. This is expected to help reduce 
production cost of batteries and consequently the overall price of electric vehicles 
and will also make Neogen’s electrolyte more competitive. 
We remain positive on electrolyte opportunity in India. As one of the first Indian 
companies to supply commercially produced, meeting global standard electrolyte, 
we are pleased to contribute to India's vision of becoming a self-sufficient lithium-ion 
battery manufacturing hub. 
Our future growth strategy centers on scaling up organic and inorganic chemical 
operations with high emphasis on CSM and advanced intermediates. Our R&D focus 
on innovation coupled with strategic push into battery chemicals will be instrumental 
in achieving this.  
Neogen also forayed into semiconductor material supply chain during the last 
quarter, developing some specialty gas products as well as liquid products required 
for semiconductor application. While navigating present macroeconomic challenges, 
we remain optimistic about the Indian chemical industry's long-term exponential 
growth prospect. We intend to harness this potential and create enduring value for 
our stakeholders. 
That concludes my opening remarks. I would now request our CFO – Mr. Ketan 
Vyas, to share financial highlights for the period under review. 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you, Dr. Harin. Good evening everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY25 
Earnings Call. I will take you through the key financial highlights. Please note that 
these are on a consolidated basis and based on YoY comparison. 

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
In Q1 FY25, our revenues increased by 9% to Rs. 180 crore. Despite challenging 
operating conditions, this growth was volume driven, primarily due to higher 
contribution from non-agrochemical products amid with weak pricing. 
Organic chemicals saw 17% revenue growth reaching Rs. 142 crore, while inorganic 
chemicals experienced a 14% decline in revenue, totalling Rs. 38 crore. As explained 
by Dr. Harin, the revenues would have been higher, but for the decline in prices of 
both bromine and lithium raw materials. Revenue mix between domestic and export 
was 73% and 27%, respectively.  
EBITDA rose by 10% to Rs. 30.8 crore. The increase occurred despite higher 
employee costs and other expenses aligning with capacity expansion initiatives at  
Neogen Ionics. Margins were maintained at 17.1% and were supported by 
operational efficiency even though there was continued pricing pressure across key 
products.  
Profit after tax came in at Rs. 11.5 crore, an 18% increase. This strong operational 
performance was further enhanced by lower tax rate. Depreciation and interest 
expenses are expected to rise due to accelerated capital expenditure in battery 
chemicals. 
That concludes my initial remarks. I will now request the Moderator to open the forum 
for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the 
line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Dr. Harin, to start with a couple (of questions) on the battery chemicals business. 
One is what is our line of sight into the new battery capacities coming up in India 
over the next 12 to 18 months? So far we have heard announcements from may be 
three major battery makers, Ola, Exide and Amara Raja. But have not heard much 
from the others here at least as far as I am aware. So, how do you see the capacity 
coming up in India and will you have the confidence that we will be able to sell out 
our 30,000 tons by the scheduled timeline of say H2 FY26 or could there be a need 
to may be delay it a little bit to match with the customers’ plans? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thanks for the question. As you mentioned, for the electrolyte we already have three 
battery manufacturers - Ola, Exide and Amara Raja and as you mentioned, they are 
likely to start in the current year and next financial year. On top of that, there was 
also Reliance, which is expected to start in the next financial year, and also there will 
be Lucas TVS a little bit later down the line. From the point of view of achieving 30 
KT full utilization level, the main target was FY28. So, by FY28, we also expect that 
there will be JSW and Tatas, both of which have also announced their intention to 
get into battery manufacturing. At least one of them or both would have started. And 
we also expect some smaller battery manufacturers who are making for electronic 
application as well as home usage and some niche applications. Some of them 
would start in the current financial year and some would start by 2025-26 calendar 
years. So, we feel confident that our target to reach full utilization level by FY28 or 
FY29. That continues to remain, and we are on track to do that. I still feel that we will 
need more than 2,000 MT capacity in FY26. So, by second-half of FY26, we would 
need at least 5 giga or 10 giga kind of electrolyte support. That is my expectation. At 
least for now, it looks like we would be on track to bring the electrolyte capacities on 
line in the second half of FY26. So, that would be still on track, and we do not see 
any reason to delay so far. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And then on the pricing front, China electrolyte prices are somewhere in the ballpark 
of $3 a kilo I believe at present. So, how do we negotiate the pricing with our 
customers, what sort of discussion do we have around there? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I would not like to discuss specific numbers because when you go to China also, 
there is a range of electrolyte prices depending on the quality and the formulation 
that you are actually looking at. And the second point is China price would be in 
China. So, you would also need to consider and factor in whether those electrolytes 
can be brought to India, and when they come to India, you know what would be the 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
final delivered landed prices of these. And in some cases it is very complicated just 
from the logistics point of view, especially when your volume becomes thousands of 
metric tons, it becomes very complicated to just manage the logistic. So, just from 
the criticality point of view, also like you would have to basically make sure that the 
electrolyte would have to be supplied from India.  
 
So, I think when we are discussing with our customers, even our customers know 
that prices in China will fluctuate. They are more keen to understand that after 
accounting for all the raw material price fluctuation, the contribution which Neogen 
is bringing in, what is that and is that competitive across what they see 
internationally. And so far, the answer to that has been, yes. We have also done 
many simulations for our customers. The Chinese price also goes through crazy lows 
and crazy highs. So, overall, when they look at a three-year, four-year kind of point 
of view, having a more stable formula driven price is much better than just spot 
buying of something as critical as the electrolyte. Most of the customers have also 
acknowledged that and they have seen that and that is basically driving the 
discussions. 
Abhijit Akella: 
With regard to the salt sales into the international markets, any sort of feelers from 
your global customers regarding whether there would be any change in their plans 
in the event of a Trump presidency? Could there be some changes to the Inflation 
Reduction Act or just some changes to the battery demand outlook or something like 
that, if Trump administration came to power? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
As far as the talks I am having with the customers, at least most of the customers 
are looking at Neogen. Of course, as an IRA fulfilling act, but they are also looking 
at decoupling from China and having an alternate to China. So, some of the 
agreements which we signed with these customers, while the volumes are not 
committed but the prices - again formula-driven prices - using the same rationale 
that we have seen earlier and even though they are currently much higher as 
compared to China, they understand that India has its own dynamics and outside 
China, they still see Neogen as one of the cheapest source. So, they are more 
focussed on that. Neogen being the cheapest source outside China, they would like 
to engage and at least buy certain amount of their quantities from them. So, we have 
not seen them reduce the numbers or the demand that we were talking of. We still 
see them interested in buying from Neogen as an alternative.  
So, I think the initial electrolyte capacity which Neogen is setting up - of 5,500 MT - 
initially would be internally consumed. The question is not whether that capacity can 
get filled. The question is how fast would we have to increase depending on what 
percentage of volume we will get in the international market. Because, as we have 
shown in our presentation also, the demand in the international market for salt is 
very high. If we can maintain our position to be the cheapest source outside China 
and more and more customers see value in having Neogen as a completely China-
free supply chain, IRA compliant and in absence of even IRA, basically as a backup 
source for their supply chain surety, how many customers see the value and how 
fast you would have to add more capacity beyond what we are currently planning is 
the question. But again, the first capacity has to come online. We need to give 
confidence to our customers that we can make on a large scale, the quality and at 
the cost which we are currently estimating and then the discussions can go forward 
from there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Basically, I know you have given some plans in terms of the funding for the battery 
chemicals business, but just now so that the funding you have got the closure, just 
wanted to understand, I believe we had Rs. 1,150 crore debt funding plan for the 
whole CAPEX of the battery chemicals. So, just wanted finer details on that. I believe 
the EMI will start hitting from FY27 after the moratorium ends. I also believe that you 
have got around Rs. 9 billion term loan from SBI as well. So, some finer details on 
that would be helpful. 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically we received from SBI for especially our Pakhajan Greenfield site, we have 
already received the funding and it has a two year moratorium and it has a 10 year 
repayment; in that also the first two years no interest, no premium, no installment, 
then after that one year only interest payment and then after year three, you start 
paying the installment back and that too it is graduated, so in a sense that it is not 
like 10% every year. In the initial years it would be around 4%, 5% and then some 
of it will be back-ended. So, it will be kind of ballooning. The repayment would start 
around the time when the electrolyte and salt plant would be close to running at full 
capacity and again till the time the project completes, there is a complete moratorium 
on all the interest payments, etc. Similarly, we have tied up with another of our 
existing bankers for our expansion activities which are ongoing in Dahej where we 
have a 10-year period where the first year is like a moratorium because that facility 
will start producing faster and then similar terms as SBI where you start paying 
installment after another year and then some of the installments are also back-ended 
and not uniform. 
Jason Soans: 
So, basically what I understand is, there is this SBI term loan of around Rs. 9 billion 
and the other one should be of Rs. 2 - 2.5 billion. Is that the right understanding? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Out of Rs. 2.5 billion we have already secured around Rs. 1 billion and another Rs. 
1.5 billion is under discussion. 
Jason Soans: 
Two loans of Rs. 9 billion and Rs. 2.5 billion are there, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Nine and one. So, it is 10; Rs. 1.5 billion is under final round of discussion. 
Jason Soans: 
Just wanted to understand also, of course battery chemicals is a very crucial 
business for us. Now I just wanted to know along with the discussions, whatever the 
initial discussions we have, how far do you think we are from signing a concrete long-
term contract with these battery manufacturers, which will probably secure a lot of 
volumes for us in the electrolytes business. So how far do you think we are from that 
point? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
As we discussed earlier, there are two or three customers who would be basically 
needing electrolyte, in the current - this and next financial year. I am talking of the 
larger giga scale, as Mr. Abhijit mentioned, Ola, Exide and Amara Raja. All of them 
have a commitment that they want to localize. We have been strongly engaging with 
them. Especially, in case of Ola, they also mentioned us in one of their news releases 
and we have also worked with them for last many years developing different recipes 
with them. So, we work very closely with them. Of course, we are still awaiting. Any 
giga scale production will go through first small 1,000 cell trial, then 10,000 cell trial, 
and then may be one trial run in the giga plant and then based on the outcome of 
that, we can start discussing long term contracts. So, in the next 18 months, we 
should be able to convince two out of three or three out of three customers to 
basically sign up with Neogen and get into long-term agreement for electrolytes. 
Jason Soans: 
And sir, I just wanted to understand that you recently have incorporated a subsidiary 
in Japan. Just wanted to know what is the rationale behind that, what are you looking 
at from that subsidiary? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We are very fortunate that we are able to hire a very senior level person who has 
many years of experience leading a Japanese agrochemical company in Japan as 
well as in India. So, he is helping us with all our strategy and our business 
development activities. We felt with the number of interactions which we are having 
in Japan for battery materials, then also for our CSM business and some other 
initiatives related to n butyl lithium, some semiconductor related project we needed 
a dedicated Japan team. The main role (of this team) is to develop under the 
leadership of this senior person, a Japan team, which can then work more closely 
with the customers. For example, earlier some very senior level meetings would 
happen once in three months or once in five months and either me or Mr. Surana is 
visiting Japan. Now, follow-up visits can be done by our Japan team almost on a 
monthly basis. So, some of the things which would take six months, nine months 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
would now happen in three months, six months and also the customers feel more 
confident having the Japanese present. This is the main role of the Japan subsidiary. 
Jason Soans: 
In terms of what we are recently hearing, volume sales in EV, there is a slowdown 
happening, probably sales for hybrids, plug-in hybrids probably are on the growth 
path, people are looking at - charging to be an issue, range anxiety, all these things 
are there. So, just wanted to know from your perspective how are you looking at it if 
there is some delay in these capacities coming online. Could you please give your 
perspective on this? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
From whatever discussions I have had so far, we have to look at it in two ways: one 
is the international business for salt and the local business for electrolyte in India. 
So, when I am thinking of the electrolyte salt business in the international market, 
what I am seeing is, there already exists a market which is far bigger than the 
capacity that we are putting for our salt. So, it is just a question of proving ourselves, 
proving that we are the best back up to China that they can have, and then 
depending on that, what would be that market share which you can get. IRA is one 
of the driving factors, but in addition to IRA, just having a backup to China, which is 
having the lowest difference compared to China is also of interest. So, when I am 
thinking of the international business, the existing capacity with which what we are 
starting is just to prove that we can make the salts at scale at commercially 
competitive prices, which are attractive to the customers and then depending on how 
fast the EV market will develop, how much percentage of market share we can get 
in the international market, we will decide how fast we grow beyond the existing 
5,500 MTPA capacity. So, when I am thinking of that, I am thinking the factors which 
you mentioned like range anxiety, plug-in hybrid versus pure EV, I mean these are 
the things which will play out and that will determine how fast we will grow beyond 
the initial 5,500 MT salt capacity which we are installing.  
Now, when you think of India market, I personally feel that in India, like the energy 
storage, specially for renewable there is a very good opportunity. Of course, EV is 
there, and we are seeing that two wheelers and three wheelers there is very large 
and very fast penetration that continues and we still are at a very low contribution to 
the overall sales. In two wheelers, we are around 4% - 5% and in four wheelers we 
are at only about 2%. So, I feel as more and more products come to the market, 
more and more customized products will come. I feel there is still a lot of room for 
EV to grow. And on top of that, we have the energy storage demand. We have seen 
the Government also become more proactive giving the grid level energy storage 
projects. They used to be around 100 MW hour, then they ask for bidding of 500 MW 
and now there are some giga level bids also which are happening. So, more and 
more renewable solar energy will also require this battery storage. So, we will have 
to again watch that depending on how well EV is accepted, will we see 150,000 MT 
kind of electrolyte demand in 2030; will it be 120,000 or will it be 250,000? I mean 
the jury is still out on that and I think we will have some idea on that in one or two 
years’ time. Again, for me this is more a question of beyond FY28. What is the 
demand which we are looking at and how soon we need to increase capacity, 
depending on how this plays out. 
Jason Soans: 
Just wanted to know sir, broad revenue, EBITDA, PAT for BuLi Chem if you can give 
for FY24 and what is the outlook on that going ahead? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
BuLi Chem has mostly one product. So, for confidentiality reason I do not want to 
give exact EBITDA numbers there, but I would like to say that, our BuLi business 
has stabilized. In fact, Q1 was better than earlier and in Q2 also we are seeing a 
very good order book where we feel we will be fully utilizing its capacity. We also got 
in-principle environmental clearance. So, as we see one or two quarters more with 
a very limited CAPEX, we have an ability to increase capacity also at least two times 
by just some debottlenecking. So, I think so far, the way BuLi has been progressing, 
we are very happy with the progress. Not only in India, but we have already started 
shipping our products to Korea and Japan, which were the first markets we had 
identified and we are also seeing positive interest from Europe as well as US. Also, 

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
in addition to the traditional pharma and agro business which BuLi India was doing 
before we acquired it, we have also been able to improve our quality where it can 
now be used for semiconductor applications also in Japan and Korea markets. So, I 
think overall it is moving positively, and we feel it will contribute well in the current 
financial year. As we had also given a target of Rs. 50-100 crore at full utilization 
levels, we feel in current year it will contribute in that range, at least Rs. 50 crore and 
I would say closer to between Rs. 50 and 100 crore, but closer to Rs. 70 crore or 
higher by the end of the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
I just have one question and specifically you mentioned about renewable power 
earlier which also seems a prospect for electrolytes and salts being a use case 
application. Sir, I think from what we have heard in the last few months - may be 
quarters - that the scale of ambition of the Government at least in renewable power 
seems to be far higher in terms of CAPEX and even the private CAPEX over here 
has been quite high and that having a use case in renewable power also becomes 
a big enough area for electrolytes to be put in use. What would be the scenario over 
there, I mean, the batteries you can use in solar and wind may be, are they fully 
imported? Why are we not participating for those application areas given that the 
pace of CAPEX over there is may be much faster than what is happening on the EV 
battery side. What would be your thoughts on that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Archit, yes, I mean I agree with you and whatever I have also heard in trade 
conferences, we are seeing Government being very active and also they have 
realized that more renewable energy can come only with storage. So, storage is a 
very critical component of that. In fact, some of the battery trade shows that we used 
to go to, now we are seeing some of the solar people come here because they want 
to understand because battery is becoming a very critical component for renewable 
energy also to be successful. Having said that, this was always the plan. So, even 
in the 160 GW hours (capacity) that we have projected, which was estimated by 
industry body, around 40 GW hour was already planned to be for energy storage. 
Again this was the estimate of two years back. I do not think people have put a 
revised number that how much it will be by 2030, but I think once a lot of policy 
measures which the Government is discussing to support that, once the industry 
gets clarity on that, we will be able to say whether the 40 GW hour can further 
increase. But to clarify, there is already a plan for that, but again, whether it can 
exceed that, that is something which we need to still see.  
Also, I think even in case of Reliance they have shown that they wanted to use this 
because of their zero-carbon target and again their use case also was energy 
storage. Now from our side, it is almost the same thing. In fact, most of the people 
will use LFP-based cells because they are cheaper. There are some small variations 
on the cathode and anode side, but electrolyte in-principle remains the same, only 
the additives can be a little less complex or something. So, basically our facility can 
take care of renewable energy and also energy storage demand of battery cells. 
Archit Joshi: 
Just a follow up on the same thing. How is the supply chain working out to be over 
there? Because I am sure that there is a lot of money being poured in these projects 
already, they also must have had some plans with respect to storage and all. So, 
how are they dealing with it right now given that there is no particular battery 
manufacturer in India? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Same ways as whatever EVs are doing today - that they import the cells and then 
the batteries are assembled here and there are a couple of companies which are 
specialized in that and there are some which are even specialized not only in 
assembling the batteries, but also put all these batteries together in a container and 
that becomes a module which is then supplied to as a energy storage model. There 
are some companies which are also specialized there. The expectation is that as 
India's cell manufacturing picks up and again, I am not very sure of Ola because they 
have their own internal consumption and how much they are planning for energy 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
storage. But clearly for Exide and Amara Raja or Reliance, or even Lucas TVS - for 
all of them, energy storage is one of the markets which they would definitely look at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Shetty from Solidarity Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
A Shetty: 
I had two questions. My first question was a follow up to the last question around 
hybrid vehicles. Just wanted to understand this more simply. Typically between an 
EV and a hybrid vehicle, how does the consumption of electrolyte change? I know it 
would be different depending on the model, but just as a rule of thumb how different 
is that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
What we know is that at least some of these hybrids use the anode carbon along 
with LTO, so lithium titanate. And when they use that, the electrolyte consumption 
per GW hour actually increases. So, at least some of the models of these hybrids, in 
the past, we said that the NMC battery would require 500 MT per giga, LFP 
somewhere between 1,200 to 1,500 MT per giga, hybrid battery, specially at least 
some of the designs which are popular would use somewhere between 1,500 to 
2,000 MT per giga. But this is based on my understanding and is theoretical. We 
have not yet talked to anybody who is specifically making this type of cells within 
India. We have so far not seen activity to make cells specifically for hybrid in India. 
So, I have not been able to double check this number. 
A Shetty: 
The second question was more on the balance sheet side. If you could share some 
colour around how our net working capital situation has evolved since the last 
quarter? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
It has been improving. Overall, we have been operating cash flow positive in the 1st 
Quarter and as of now. Well, you will get to see more numbers in September, but we 
are on a stable and improving trend, it is not becoming worse. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead sir. 
Abhijit Akella: 
The custom duty cut. Does that apply to imports of lithium carbonate and hydroxide 
as well or is it only for the pure metal itself? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Actually, it is the reverse; it applies to lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So, it is a straight saving in our raw material cost? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, yes. So, in the international market, it does not make so much of a difference 
because anyway we would have advance licence because ultimately it is getting 
exported. But when we are selling it locally to that extent our cost goes down. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And just the other thing was slide 20 of the presentation mentions that the organic 
revenue would have been higher by Rs. 14 crore adjusted for the decline in the 
bromine price. So, does that mean that instead of Rs. 142 crore, it should have been 
Rs. 156 crore for the quarter, is that how we should interpret it? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The values given there are that if the same selling price was applicable today, I guess 
it is also bromine as well as market conditions. So if I was selling product at Rs. 120 
earlier - and I am just saying as an example - if I am selling today at Rs. 110, so that 
delta was basically transferred, then the revenue would have been Rs. 156 crore 
and similarly in case of battery. Battery is where I mean the inorganic lithium is where 
you can see bigger where if the same lithium prices existed as what we sold in Q1 
FY24, it would have been Rs. 27 crore higher. Volume wise, in the case of organic, 
the growth is bigger and in case of inorganic also there is a volume growth. But just 
because of the lower prices, either it is shown as a lower growth, or decline in the 
revenue numbers. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So, the numbers would have been Rs. 156 crore in organic and Rs. 65 crore in 
inorganic? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Correct. It is the same rate as we had in Q1 that were applicable last year. So, I think 
we were already seeing lithium prices declining and then Q2, Q3 was where they 

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
bottomed out. Now, they are stable. So, I think in two, three quarters you will have 
this impact, then depends on what lithium does and how the bromine and organic 
molecules contribute. 
Abhijit Akella: 
On the CSM business, if you could please give us some update about how things 
are looking there? I know there has been destocking and all of those things, but you 
have been in discussions with several customers. So, how is that coming along? And 
by when could we see some traction in that business? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In spite of all these challenges that we see and lack of demand from some of the 
agro CSM customers, we did a good job of contribution from CSM and contract 
manufacturing. So, we are still able to maintain upward of 15% of revenue. Our target 
is to reach 20% of the revenue in CSM business.  
 
What has helped us? As I explained earlier, we have flavours and fragrance; and we 
also started diversifying. We have some more pharma projects, some more flavours 
and fragrance projects and we also started diversifying into some other applications, 
such as, something which is used in engineering, something which is used as a 
starting material by other specialty chemical companies like to make a specialty 
polymer or something and also something in semiconductor. All of these together, 
these projects are exciting and helped us maintain the CSM at 15% level. We hope 
that as these projects develop further and also once the agro demand comes back, 
we will hope to cross around 20% target that we have for sure by next financial year. 
If the agro business comes back well in the second-half, then may be even in the 
current financial year we can get 20% contribution from CSM. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Rathi from Aditya Birla Money. Please 
go ahead. 
Ayush Rathi: 
Sir, you seem to be on track with a lot of battery business plans, which is really a 
positive thing. I actually wanted to understand if you could give some insights on the 
pricing scenario, like do we see a plateau forming or prices are still firming up or how 
volatile are the prices right now in the current financial, if you could just give some 
colour? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
If I look at our inorganic chemicals, which are mostly lithium-based compounds, we 
saw raw material prices hit their bottom and now they generally trade in a narrow 
band of around $10 - $12 or $13, so let us say $11.5 +/- $1.5 for last one or two 
quarters. Lithium, which is the base material, and I think our customers also who are 
waiting for the prices to bottom out have now realized that this is the bottom and we 
have seen the demand again come back. So, we have seen some increase in our 
sales price but more or less it has stabilized now and we feel from here, as the lithium 
prices will increase then the prices can go up. My analysis also says, that in the long 
term, the current price of lithium is unsustainable, because this is the price at which 
the old mining companies can make profit, but the new mining companies cannot. 
So, if they stay at this level, you will see some of the new miners stop production 
which would reduce the supply and then you will again see the prices go up. So, that 
is my expectation. Now whether that happens within one year, in two years, depends 
on many things. But this is my expectation on the lithium side.  
In terms of organic chemicals, I think the input prices were also going down. Prices 
of bromine, solvents, petrochemical, compounds, they were all reducing. That was 
one part. But the bigger part also was that, China, where there is excess capacity 
when the demand is less, they tend to dump. Some of the places we have seen like 
the delta between raw material and the final almost disappear. So, they are selling 
at RMC kind of price levels but what we have seen is the lowest has already 
happened about a quarter ago. Now they are stable, or they are slightly increasing, 
not yet a rapid increase, but seems to have seen the bottom pricing on the organic 
side. 
Ayush Rathi: 
One basic question I wanted to ask. Recently, the Government has reduced customs 
duty on lithium. By any chance, do we see any prices of our end products which is 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
electrolytes going down? If you could just explain the unit economics, does it affect 
our margins? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically I use this lithium carbonate to make lithium LIPF6 or other electrolyte salts, 
and then that electrolyte salt gets into formulation. Again, directly at a formulation 
level, in terms of weight, only 15% is electrolyte salt. And if you consider lithium 
carbonate, the contribution of that would be even lower, because the electrolyte salt 
has lithium and something. So a 7.5% decrease at the electrolyte level gives me a 
very small reduction like a couple of percentage points, but again when you are doing 
volumes like 30 KTA it is the percentage that matters and this is something which is 
positive for us where we can import lithium carbonate without paying any duty. So, 
that makes our LIPF6 and our electrolyte more competitive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Yash Shah: 
Sir, my first question was regarding our inorganic segment. Adjusted for the lithium 
prices fall, we would have had a volume growth of somewhere between 45% to 50% 
YoY in this quarter in the inorganic segment. And then the previous year sir, we 
closed at 75% to 80% of utilization. Do we have enough capacity for the rest of the 
year, in this segment, is my first question? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 
Yash Shah: 
Another question which I had was, we mentioned a couple of times on the call that 
we are trying to position ourselves as China Plus One, be the next cheapest 
alternative outside China. If you had to quantify in terms of the similar quality we 
supply to China, what will be the price differential? In some ways you can quantify 
that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, I mean we do say we are the cheapest outside China, but we also say that if 
you take a three-year or a four-year view, we will also add more value as compared 
to China. And we have done some calculations that if somebody had entered into a 
formula-based pricing with Neogen four years ago when lithium went very high, very 
low, they were using the same formula at which we are currently selling LIPF-6 or 
the agreements which we have gotten into with international customers as compared 
to the spot China market price, they would have made more money by paying us 
higher for some portion of the time because when they pay us high, it is like X, but 
when China increases price during shortage, it is crazy high. So, overall, we still add 
more value to them. So, it is not just saying that, “Oh! We are the best, cheapest 
source outside China”. Of course, if you wanted to do the hedging, that is where it 
helps because let us say other suppliers also have added value. That is why there 
is a supplier in Japan as well as in Korea. But we could have added more value 
because our cost is lower compared to them. In terms of percentage, it is difficult to 
say because like I said, China has crazy low crazy high, which one I compare? There 
are times when we are 30, 40, 50% more expensive, even 60% more expensive and 
there are times when we are one-third the price of China, if I just apply this formula 
price versus the Chinese spot prices. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
My question is on the CAPEX for our organic, inorganic segments. As you 
mentioned, while answering previous question that you have sufficient capacity for 
organic, but any plan to put up an expansion in organic and inorganic capacity in 
FY26-27? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
On the organic side, we have capacity, till Neogen reaches around Rs. 1,000 crore. 
Neogen standalone, which is about Rs. 1,000 crore in which organic contribution 
would be somewhere around Rs. 700 to Rs. 750 crore. So, we already have capacity 
in place for that. And we still will hit that number of Rs. 175 crore of organic 
production and you can see we are still far away from that. Till that time, we have 
capacity.  

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
We also feel that after we reach peak utilization level at least in the current scenarios 
instead of immediately adding more capacity, we would like to stabilize the products, 
get better product mix and use the same capacity may be with some small 
debottlenecking or small CAPEX to contribute more. So, I think if we maintain our 
target that by FY26 Neogen reaches its full utilization level we reach Rs. 1,000 crore 
and then FY27 we debottleneck and get another 15% odd revenue growth. So, till 
FY27 most likely, unless there is some very large project and you never say never, 
but at least in our current plans, we would just like to continue with the existing 
capacity, use it to the fullest and optimize the product mix and the capacity utilization. 
So most likely FY27 is where we would consider organic CAPEX to take care of our 
growth in FY28 and FY29. But I think FY25 and FY26 most likely no significant 
organic CAPEX. As I mentioned in one of my earlier answers in BuLi, we do see 
scope for increasing the capacity because there our expectation is based on order 
book, this year we will start hitting full utilization of the capacity which we had 
estimated, and with the environmental approval which has come in, we still have to 
do some more stages of processing of that. But once we get the approval, may be 
by second-half, we may look at further increasing the BuLi capacity. But it is just an 
incremental debottlenecking type, so it will not require too much of CAPEX from our 
side on the organic side.  
The inorganic side, in our existing facility, just by debottlenecking, without 
significantly making a new investment, we will be able to add more capacity. So, it is 
something which I am not planning. But, yes, once we start hitting Rs. 150, 200 crore, 
a quarterly number of Rs. 50 crore plus on a stable lithium price basis, that is when 
we will start considering whether we need to slightly increase lithium capacity. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
And secondly, on our electrolyte business, you do say that, you have already sent 
samples to your customers and customers will sign may be probably in FY26 a long-
term contract for the supply of electrolyte. So, just for my understanding, is it like that 
the customers are waiting for our commercial facility to be commissioned and then 
get the product with the quality and the purity of the electrolyte and then they will 
sign contract, is it like that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
First of all, a clarification. I said in FY25 or FY26 but we can sign some contracts this 
year also. In my view our facility is there. Especially if I am thinking of the large giga 
customers, our facility is there before they start. So, we are ready for them. It is just 
that they need to use our electrolyte once in the plant, get confidence and then based 
on that they can go ahead and sign the contract. Also, there are two kinds of 
contracts. One says, I will supply to you, you will buy from me, and the second says 
you will buy XYZ quantity minimum, and I will supply maximum so much. So, for the 
second type of contracts to happen, you need to also have a volume clarity on the 
sides of the customer. So, these giga factories as they ramp up their production and 
their production stabilizes, then they will have a better view.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukherjee from Bajaj Finserv Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
S Mukherjee: 
First question is could you talk about this semiconductor opportunity that you 
mentioned in your remarks? What are these products exactly, is it exports 
opportunity or domestic opportunity as well. How big could be this opportunity? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically, there are three types. The organolithium compounds which we are making 
in BuLi, find usage to make other chemicals, which are then used in semiconductors. 
We would be like a Tier-2 supplier in case of a semiconductor chip manufacturing 
facility where we would supply this organolithium to somebody who would then make 
the chemical which would go into semiconductor. So, this is one opportunity we have.  
 
On top of that in our organic synthesis, we have made a specialty gas of a purity of 
99.99% and higher which is used for semiconductor manufacturing. So, we have 
some projects which are under contract manufacturing model where we make these 
products for the international market.  

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
And the third is there are some organic chemicals which we are making with very 
high purity versions of that without the metal content will be used for making certain 
kind of chemicals for semiconductor. So, again that would be a Tier-2 kind of a supply 
situation. So, we feel like battery materials, we have an opportunity to be a Tier-2 
supplier in the international market, learn from that and then hopefully when 
semiconductor manufacturing comes in India, we can use that partnership and try to 
see if we can forward integrate and be a Tier-1 supplier in India. That is something 
which will take time, but we have just made some start. We have these three 
engines, one is organic molecules required for semiconductor manufacturing, 
organolithium compounds and the specialty gases of very high purity for 
semiconductor application. 
S Mukherjee: 
Still, it is early days, but we have made a breakthrough here. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. It will be a few crore getting into a few tens of crore in the current financial year. 
We are just starting with that and then we will see how we can ramp it up and make 
it more significant going forward. 
S Mukherjee: 
Second question is on the mention of Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore by FY26 (that 
you mentioned) in the Press Release as well as in the management commentary in 
the presentation. This is for the standalone piece, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Standalone business. 
S Mukherjee: 
And if I were to break it down to organic, BuLi and inorganic, it would be somewhat 
close to Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 750 crore for organic? How does that stack up if you 
can just…? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I would say Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 750 crore for organic, around Rs. 100-odd crore for 
BuLi and another about Rs. 150-odd crore for inorganic. 
S Mukherjee: 
And on top of that, Battery Chemicals should be contributing around Rs. 250 crore 
to Rs. 300 crore in FY26, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The capacity which are coming online in the Brownfield in Dahej in this year itself 
can contribute around Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 250 crore. On top of that, the new capacity 
will contribute more, and on top of that the Greenfield site will come online in the 
second-half. The existing capacity can contribute Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 250 crore, but 
Rs. 250 crore is the bare minimum, plus the new capacities which we are adding by 
the end of the year they will contribute and plus the Greenfield site will contribute in 
the second-half. It should be more than Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 250 crore. How much 
more, please give me some time to tell you, may be by the end of the current year. 
S Mukherjee: 
Just a follow up here. Once our electrolyte facility is up and running the smaller one 
and the Greenfield one comes probably sometime in, let us say September or by 
December of 2025, the salt capacity will be consumed internally and by that time we 
will also have some more salt capacity coming up for the international markets. So, 
what would be the ballpark salt revenue, and electrolyte revenue, any number you 
have in mind? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Like I said, give me some time to give you that number. I have not got the total 
number, it will be Rs. 250 crore plus additional salt capacity as well as from the 
Greenfield site. Just to clarify for 30 KTA we would need around 3,000 ton to 4,000 
tons of salt, but we do not expect in the first year to use 30 KTA. Salt capacity will 
also be available in the beginning more for the international market and we will see 
how we are progressing in international market in the salt and then as electrolyte 
gets fully utilized by FY28; accordingly we can either keep adding capacity or divert 
more capacity for India usage. 
S Mukherjee: 
One thing, does this Rs. 200 crore that you are saying we can do in FY25 itself 
coming from salt? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, I said the capacity we have in place which is currently undergoing stabilization 
that on a full year basis can contribute to Rs. 200 crore in FY26. This year we are 
not getting full utilization because approvals all that will take time. But all of it will be 

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
approved so the electrolyte and the salt capacity, i.e., 2,000 MTA, 400 tons should 
give you somewhere close to around Rs. 200 crore along with the increase in 
capacity to 1000 what we are estimating and then additional thing which will come 
by end of the year that will may be take some time for approval. So, that is why 
beyond Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 250 crore some contribution coming from the 
Brownfield, some contribution coming from Greenfield, but too early to tell exactly 
how much.  
S Mukherjee: 
Any initial readings on what could be the margins from salt revenue or is it too early? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In the past also we have said that we expect like ROCE of 20% and also we are 
targetting, depending on price of lithium somewhere around 16% to 17% kind of 
EBITDA margins. So far whatever contracts we have signed, we seem to be on track 
to basically achieve that in salts. So, in salts, we have more visibility because 
technically if all the contracts that we have signed, if all the customers take the full 
volume, our entire capacity can get fully utilized just for salt. So, we have clearer 
visibility on salt. On the electrolytes, as I explained as the Indian players start their 
electrolyte manufacturing activity, we will have better clarity on margins here.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. I hope we were able to address your queries. 
If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations team and we will address them. Thank you once again and we look forward 
to connecting with you again in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been made 
to ensure a high level of accuracy, the Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors. 
