 
 
 
 
 
 
7/Govt/SE/2024-25/0036 
17th August, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Trading Symbol: PAKKA 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Service 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 516030 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Conference Call of 1st quarter ended on 30th June, 
2024, held on Tuesday, 13th August, 2024 at 05:00 pm (IST) under Regulation 30 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the Transcript of Investors Conference Call 
conducted on Tuesday, 13th August, 2024 at 05:00 pm (IST) to discuss the Company’s 
performance for the 1st quarter ended on 30th June, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. The transcript attached is also available on 
the website of the Company https://pakka.com.  
 
Kindly bring it to the notice of all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Pakka Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Legal Head 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
1
Sachin Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by 
Sachin Kumar Srivastava 
Date: 2024.08.17 
21:49:55 +05'30'

Investor call 
Date: Tuesday, August 13th 
 
[1:33] Pranay Pasricha: Good evening everyone, welcome to the investor call for the first 
quarter of the financial year 24 25 for Pakka Limited I'd like to introduce our team first and then 
we'll move on to the presentation. I would request everyone to please keep the mics on mute 
and we'll have a question and answer round after we have concluded with the presentation to 
take up your questions. I'd like to introduce our leadership team. Mr. Ved Krishna, he's the vice 
chairman for the company. Mr. Jagdeep Hira, he's the managing director. Ms. Neetika 
Suryavanshi, she is the CFO. And Mr. 
[2:16] Pranay Pasricha: Satish Chamyvelumani, he is the business head of the compostables 
division. Mr. Ramjee Subramanian, he is the innovations head. Mr. Sachin Srivastava, he is the 
company's head secretary. I am Pranay Pasricha, the brand head of the company. And we will 
start the presentation now. I will just share my screen. Sorry correction, Dr. Ramjee 
Subramanian. Is my screen visible? We'll start with a short company video and then we'll move 
on to the presentation. This is an introduction of our company and what we are doing. 
[5:43] Pranay Pasricha: Thank you for watching the video. I will hand over now to Ved to go 
ahead with the presentation. 
[5:56] Ved Krishna: Namaskar. First of all, apologies that I am in a car. to do some travel. It's my 
16-year-old daughter's birthday and when she asks you to take her shopping then you can't 
refuse. So that's what happened suddenly. So anyways, I'll attend the call from the car. Yeah, 
Pranay, we can move ahead. I'm going to start with the key international updates and then of 
course my colleagues will take it forward again. So again, lots of movement on the international 
side. We've been hiring the team significantly. 
[6:28] Ved Krishna: As you see, the project lead, community lead, sales support, all those 
people have been hired. More than that, we have tied up for exploring institutional catering in 
the U.S. market. Go ahead. A big achievement here in two positions which are absolutely critical 
to our leadership, our group CFO and also our… 
[6:57] Ved Krishna: the chief technology officer have come on board which will make a big 
difference as we go along again we've started working on the equity funding on the Kawok 
project and investor presentations are on way we've done a significant amount there's a interest 
that is rising and hopefully in the next two months the equity round will get closed. Again, US 
business launch planning continues and we are creating a roadmap to launch our products 
within this quarter. We've also started initiating paper sales, which was not part of the plan 
earlier. 
[7:39] Ved Krishna: But now we are also going to take that forward. OK, over to you, Pranay. Yes, 
over to you, Jagdeep sir. 
[7:44] Jagdeep Hira: Good evening and namaste to all. I would like to take you through the 
Indian business update. The key highlight for the first quarter had been on the new product 
development. We have commercialized high-strength paper, commercialized almost 200 tons 
during the first quarter. And two new designs have been produced on the molded, which also 
has been commercialized. 
2

[8:15] Jagdeep Hira: On ecological front, we could further reduce on the water reduction, water 
consumption by around 3 percent on the export we are going heavily one percent on wrap and 
carry has been increased from the last quarter making it to 29 percent of overall volume. On the 
financial updates top line surpassed the last quarter results against 98 cr we did 99.6 cr and the 
bottom line also surpassed the last quarter figures against 15.64 we did 15.88. W e are working 
heavily and the team is on board with almost 40 team members on the project team working day 
in 
[9:10] Jagdeep Hira: day out on the project Jagriti and we hope to commission this plant by end 
of 25. PM 4, we have selected the European pioneer supplier Allimand. On the Pulp mill side 
again we are shifting to ECF which is elemental chlorine free bleaching. On the recovery side we 
have gone with the OEM which supplied our full recovery island in 2006 and had gone with the 
same supplier. Power boiler again we tied up with ISGEC. We had shook our hands with ISGEC, 
order to be followed and this is the update on the Jagriti project, hoping to commission by 25 
end. 
[9:55] Jagdeep Hira: So I'll request Satish to take it forward to give you a glimpse of 
Compostable. 
[10:10] Satish ChamyVelumani: Thank you, Jagdeep. We have been facing a lot of headwinds in 
the market. I think we discussed this even during the last call. We dropped the prices a bit to 
catch up with the market and the competition has dropped prices further, which is a price war. 
We are still maintaining the pole position on the brand. So everybody continues to look at our 
pricing, our products and continue to follow that trend, which is not presenting a very positive 
number for us. 
[10:51] Satish ChamyVelumani: So we are continuing to face a lot of headwinds, that's how I 
would want to put it. And that is also because of… (bad network connection) 
[11:24] Jagdeep Hira: On the sales strategy, I'll take it over. I think the signals are weak for 
Satish. On the sales strategy, we are more focusing on D2C, the segment, which is a high 
potential through e-commerce. We are going ahead on semi-metros. We have been focused on 
metros. So new product as I stated earlier two new products have been launched as I said, 
Chauser and 4” Bowl, already commercialized during the quarter. 
[12:36] Jagdeep Hira: We are also going ahead with exporting our products to Middle East. 
Partners have been selected, partners are on board and we look forward for increased export 
volume for molded products. As Satish mentioned, we got ahead on the top line and the bottom 
line for the first quarter and hoping to surpass last year's performance during the second 
quarter on quarter basis but as of now the situation has been a bit dicey on the pricing and the 
volumes as well. So against 14.67 Cr., we did 14.51 Cr. 
[13:26] Jagdeep Hira: But we got ahead on the low volume sale of 41 lakhs during the first 
quarter. So I'll hand over to Ramjee for the innovation update. 
[13:39] Satish ChamyVelumani: Thank you, Jagdeep. 
[13:45] Ramjee Subramanian: Thank you, Jagdeep. 
[13:45] Ved Krishna: Are you able to hear? 
[13:47] Ramjee Subramanian: Yeah, thank you, Jagdeep. 
3

[13:50] Ramjee Subramanian: On the innovation updates in the flexible packaging, the trials, 
the beta trials for different product segments are in progress and it's moving out in a significant 
positive way and we are creating structures for non-metallized flexipack in which we are looking 
from scaling it up from lab to pilot and where the barrier optimization is a significant work and 
that is in progress and we are also evaluating the various coating technologies which will help 
us towards the barrier optimization so that's where the flexible packaging innovation is in 
progress the next one please on the delivery containers container 
[14:39] Ramjee Subramanian: side we have the target is to have a leak proof and non-soggy 
delivery container and there we have a prototype which is validated and it's successful and we 
have done all the studies in that at lab and smaller scales and now we have to we are looking for 
pilot scale trials and scaling up is the progress which we'll be taking forward this quarter and 
completing it. And the next one is on the cutlery. 
[15:14] Ramjee Subramanian: There we are looking at normal cost efficient recipe which is 
heat resistant and there the prototype is completed again and we have been successful in 
creating the prototype cost effectively and the market evaluation and the manufacturing 
readiness will be completed by the end of this quarter. 
[15:36] Ramjee Subramanian: And the last one in terms of beverage cups, the beta trials and 
the preparation for launch has been completed and we are now the launch is planned and as 
we speak we are into the manufacturing trials and the first manufacturing batch is in progress 
and the launch will be in the quarter two of this year and that's the innovation of this over to 
Neetika. 
[15:59] Neetika Suryawanshi: thank you Ramjee. Very good evening everyone. We have the key 
ratios here or the key performance ratios here with an incremental denominator the returns 
have been reflected here in as in there are three points that I would want to mention here for FY 
24 25 the numbers have been annualized. Hence, the annualized numbers are here and 
estimated. Second, the source of the industry average is data from screener. 
[16:38] Neetika Suryawanshi: And we did not have a direct competitive information on the 
competition in the compostable food packaging division. Hence, we've taken averages from the 
food packaging industry. Those ratios have been marked against our ratios. And just to specify 
that because it is a seasonal business that we operate in. March is normally the peak of 
utilization of limits. The debt here has been taken, has includes the working capital as well. 
Pranay, I request you to move to the next slide. 
[17:12] Neetika Suryawanshi: And I would like to reshare the welcoming news that we have 
been successful, we have successfully raised the equity component for our project funding. We 
have issued 54 lakh preference shares and 36 lakh warrants, 75% of the warrant money shall be 
called upon as and when required and this will be the new structure and the percentage 
holdings. I'll hand it over to Ved again for the next slide. 
[17:41] Ved Krishna: Yeah, just the final slide in terms of the commitments that we had made 
for the last quarter. The exports initiation has been taking steam and we've of course got our 
head of US business now and he is building momentum. 
[17:55] Ved Krishna: The orders for metallized solutions pilot trials again being initiated as 
Ramjee talked about it and of course the leading solution has been finalized and we are going to 
start implementing the delivery solution within this quarter the complete analysis and business 
4

roadmap building for us is again underway and I think in the next month we are planning to do a 
more detailed analysis and again I talked about leadership development and we are already 
underway and I think I announced a lot of different additions that have happened to the team in 
this last quarter and I think 
[18:37] Ved Krishna: now more or less we are set for going for the targets that we had set in the 
beginning of the year. Next one Pranay. So looking at this quarter now our commitments to you 
are to initiate sales in Americas. This is something we've been working on. We are starting to 
build a sales pipeline for Flexibles and of course we will launch our new delivery solution. 
[19:02] Ved Krishna: We have done an analysis for complete business plan and creating a 
roadmap now for Americas and our organization structure continues to grow and stabilize and 
there is a strengthening of operating model that is happening as we scale. Lead investor 
finalization in Kawok should take place this quarter and the ordering for the Jagriti project will be 
completed while we will also start initiating ordering for the Guatemala or Kawok project. I think 
that's it from us. Happy to have questions. I apologize in advance. I may have to leave in 15-20 
minutes. 
[19:44] Ved Krishna: But I will at least stay till then. Look forward to your thoughts. Pranay, over 
to you. 
[19:49] Pranay Pasricha: Yes, thank you. Please limit your question to two per person and 
please press the hand raise button if you have a question. I’ll take them as per the order. Mr. 
Aman Soni, you have a question, 
[20:04] Ved Krishna: please go ahead. 
[20:10] Pranay Pasricha: Aman Soni, you can unmute and ask your question. You are on mute if 
you are speaking. Okay, I'll just move on to the next question Mr Mahesh Atal you can ask your 
question. 
[20:31] Mahesh Atal: yeah hi so i'm pretty new to this company sorry excuse me if i'm asking 
some basic things so long back we had you know if i'm not mistaken we had some tie up with 
Zume that product to where exactly we are particularly with that type and all so recently we have 
done this QIP right so what was the you know entire purpose behind you know we're going for 
fundraising because if you're so confident about our business blowing up then I think internal 
accruals would have been some place so I just wanted to know where exactly this fundraise will 
go in future 
[21:12] Ved Krishna: Satish I will take both of them, I know you would probably be better at 
Zume but I'll take it because the second one is more for my side. So Mahesh ji, we never had any 
tie-up with Zume. Zume did approach us a while back, but thankfully we didn't have any tie-up 
and now the company is wrapped up. 
[21:42] Ved Krishna: So anyway, it's a good idea not to have had any tie-up with Zume. In terms 
of the fundraise, we are setting up a project about 700 odd crores in India. 
[21:52] Ved Krishna: We would have loved to have the internal accruals that could have 
sufficed, but our total top line right now is about a little over 400 crores that will not give us 
enough internal accrual and hence we felt that it is better to raise about 200 odd crores and we 
raised a little higher 250 crores 244 crores to be precise from equity and the rest from debt this 
project is for building our flexible packaging capability IPs for compostable substrates that we 
5

have been launching Ramjee my colleague talked about those products and we are building a 
certain 
[22:33] Ved Krishna: pipeline for that. And this will be a huge commercialization that will take 
place from our side in the next year, year and a half. I hope that answers your question.  
[22:45] Mahesh Atal: One more question would be on the, you know, this fast delivery space 
which is growing up like the Blinkits, Zomatos of the world. So how are we going to, I mean, you 
know, part of that particular, you know, supply chain of theirs or how exactly we are looking in 
that direction? I mean, what are we going to do or what products are in line for those in that 
industry particularly? 
[23:16] Ved Krishna: Satish, if your signal is good, go ahead. 
[23:17] Satish ChamyVelumani: Yeah, yeah. Sitting in the plant. I don't know why the signal got 
lost the last time. 
[23:25] Satish ChamyVelumani: So this is a two-part answer. So the first one is quick 
commerce. Are we growing along with the quick commerce? The answer is yes. What used to be 
about 5% of our entire revenue for Chuk from D2C is growing about 15 to 20% now. And we 
continue to capitalize on the growth of Zepto, Blinkit, and Instamart to reach customers directly. 
The second part is what are we doing with the delivery companies Zomato and Swiggy. 
[23:59] Satish ChamyVelumani: As Ved mentioned, we are coming up with our next set of 
delivery solutions which are expected to perform very well with the current delivery conditions. 
And this is expected to be launched over the next 2-3 months. 
[24:17] Mahesh Atal: So, will this be cost competitive with the current things that they are 
using? And whether we have certain approvals from them? We need to… 
[24:25] Ved Krishna: Pranay we need to move to the next question otherwise we can’t finish this 
so maybe hold on for the next round as Pranay said two questions per person. 
[24:25] Pranay Pasricha:  thank you yes thank you mr hiren patel you can go ahead with your 
question 
[24:39] Hiren Patel:  good evening my question is mainly on the product demand side so in 
earlier meetings also as it was rightly indicated by Ved sir that obviously unless and until two 
aspects of this product performance as well as the cost is not being matched up it would not be 
able to catch the demand so my question is obviously performance which would be driven by 
practice ability to innovate the product and so first question related to performance that we 
have seen that like for Chuk product we have been i think in last eight years that now we are 
using this particular time this product but we have not been able to see any significant impact 
on the bottom line maybe because of the cost part with reference to existing product so when 
can we expect this performance or based on the current R & D progress when can we expect the 
performance of this particular products for the most as well as the flexible packaging to catch 
up with the existing product and any guideline on that part and the second on this cost part so 
the question is that once this Jagriti project and this capacity would be built up whether we 
would be able to this bridge the gap with the existing product means may not be possible to 
exactly match but how much percentage we would be able to match this again so just i would 
like to understand based on the current on the performance as well the cost part when we 
envisage this gap would be bridged. 
6

[26:26] Satish ChamyVelumani: Yeah, so especially on the molded products, the next set of 
innovations that are coming out as I mentioned earlier, we expect them to be out in the next two 
to three months, which is going to help us out a lot in terms of market performance. The product 
performance to comparable products in the market, we definitely are up there. If anything, we 
are the best performer in terms of the actual physical performance. Ramjee, do you want to give 
a timeline on Flexi? I know there was a second part of the question. 
[27:02] Ved Krishna: I can tackle the Flexi. So, Hiren ji, going forward on the molded side first, 
we already turned into profits last year. This quarter is an aberration. So what is very interesting 
is that looking at us and the push that we have done, about 50 to 60 manufacturers have come 
in. And they are… all trying to compete cost-wise, which is really interesting for us because it's 
very difficult to compete on cost with us. But I think people are continuing to bleed and this will 
be a temporary kind of lull and we'll have to face that storm. 
[27:44] Ved Krishna: And that's why we are looking at our own strategy in terms of some of the 
products Satish mentioned and of course in terms of markets, you know, where can we go 
where the value for the products will be there. In terms of the, and that's the food service 
business, in terms of flexibles, early days, but you're totally right. The first product was at a 
significant cost, almost double of what the buyer uses today. We've already gotten out our 
version two of the product, which is at like almost 30 to 40% lower. 
[28:20] Ved Krishna: And now, once we get into the… 
[28:26] Ved Krishna: company like when we start producing we are going to be able to get it 
down to another 30-40 percent so we'll just have to wait for that and I'm sure you know this is a 
certain project that we have to go through 
[28:54] Pranay Pasricha: Mr Kushal Chauhan you can go ahead with your question. 
[29:12] Kushal Chauhan: yeah hi hi everyone i'm i'm audible right yes yeah so my question is 
like if i'm not mistaken you are telling that you will do Capex of around 2600 cr in next three four 
years And at the same time in your investor presentation, you are telling about 8,000 crore 
revenue potential. So can you give a breakdown like how you're going to achieve these 
numbers? Thank you.  
[29:38] Ved Krishna: Absolutely. So the 8,000 crore or a billion target is for 2030. And the plan 
for us now is to build the India site, which we are investing right now, that comes on stream late 
next year or early 2026. And that will lead us to about. 200 to 250 million, about 1500, at least 
over 1500 crores. And then we are working hard on establishing our site at Guatemala and the 
America's business. That leads to about 500 million. So the gap is 300 million. And there are 
plans for further innovations and additional products through partnerships for bridging that 300 
million gap. 
[30:14] Ved Krishna: These are the two big ticket investments that we are doing. The rest is 
more inorganic in nature that we are bringing out. And, of course. We are investing very heavily in 
R&D and enabling various products to come in which we can co-manufacture, etc. So there is a 
clear roadmap towards that. And we are definitely very keen to move in that direction because 
that's the only way we can make the difference that we are trying to make as a company and 
citizens of this planet.  
[30:48] Kushal Chauhan: Great, great. I hope we can achieve that. My last question is like, what 
is your EBITDA margin on flexible packaging products?  
7

[31:20] Ved Krishna: We are not looking at margins right now, we are looking at sales. So I would 
say even if it's at zero cost kind of, EBITDA will be there but overall, if you look at a profit margin, 
it will probably be close to nil. So I would say we are not that fussed about margins right now. 
The key will be to introduce the product in this next couple of quarters, to push hard. Today also 
we were in a meeting to look at strategy on how we can start. 
[31:24] Ved Krishna: pushing two of the products that have already been proven now in the 
market so we're going to go for a harder push and the idea is application so so i don't think we 
are expecting to earn margins from this product this year that's it from next year onwards once 
it's more established and we have regular customers the margins will start coming but this year 
is all about just stabilizing other sets okay yeah thank you 
[31:51] Pranay Pasricha: Mr. Aman Soni, you can go ahead with your question. 
[31:59] Aman Soni: Hello, am I audible? Yes, audible. Given the decline in the company revenue 
from 408 crore in 2023 to 405 crore in 2024, could you elaborate on the primary factors 
contribute to this decrease? Are there specific challenges within the industry? that the 
company is currently facing. Neetika? 
[32:31] Neetika Suryawanshi: Sorry, you'll have to repeat the question. 
[32:34] Ved Krishna: Reduction in the top line. What are the reasons for that? 
[32:39] Neetika Suryawanshi: So, reduction in the top line, if we look at this Quarter, has 
primarily been a factor as in the last year. 
[32:46] Ved Krishna: Sorry, it was for the last year. 
[32:49] Neetika Suryawanshi: 2023 versus 2024 exactly that's primarily driven by by two things 
which is NSR and volumes and almost in the same proportion so that has been the key reason 
we don't see any specific challenges but it's more industrial and we are we are gearing up for 
that in terms of EBITDA margins you would have seen that we have actually improved the 
operational efficiencies have gone up which is primarily because of the product mix that we are 
operating in and also the imp improved COGS at certain levels and also some drop in the 
chemical prices. 
[33:23] Neetika Suryawanshi: So going forward, we expect to maintain the same EBITDA levels. 
[33:29] Aman Soni: Okay. And the company effective tax rate increased from 31% in 2023 to 
36% in 2024. Do you anticipate this rate to be sustained or there is a possibility? or further 
increase in the effective tax rate in the near future? 
[33:50] Neetika Suryawanshi: No, there will not be any incremental changes to the effective tax 
rate. And that is primarily because of the INDAS adjustments and certain expenses that are not 
allowed. We have to take some right talks in March 24. And this is why you see the effective tax 
rates that high. But I would request you to just relook at the calculation. It doesn't go up beyond 
32%. We've specified that in the notes. And… 
[34:15] Neetika Suryawanshi: we'll have the annual reports published as well but you'll be able 
to see that there's no further rate increase that i will see  
[34:32] Paras: I have just two questions one is on project as i understand the project would 
probably come online somewhere around FY 26 early on so it will have potential turnover of 
1500 crores for FY 27 is what i understand until that time would it be safe to assume that the 
8

turnover would range about around about 400 crores odd since we do not have you know 
capacity probably to cater to the market that is question number one and secondly on is my 
understanding correct that is loss on the you know segmental loss and molded products is just 
an aberration for the quarter because last year we were profitable will we turn around on that 
one in the next quarter or so these are the two questions 
[35:08] Ved Krishna: i would hope differently on first one we have numerous plans that we are 
working on there can be the It doesn't need to be organic growth all the time. So we have an 
amazing team. We are working on numerous possibilities of outsourced production, of co-
manufacturing, of parallel kind of lines and newer products. 
[35:40] Ved Krishna: We talk about flexible packaging, at least that will give some top line. 
Satish was talking about co-manufacturing certain products. So I'm definitely hoping that there 
will be significant… 
[35:54] Ved Krishna: difference in this year as well but of course difficult to specify right now 
about that and yes I would also consider the molded fiber and aberration or the food services 
division that's a sudden influx of material considering creating a disbalance but in the end it's 
our responsibility and we feel that we need to do more when it comes to customer stickiness we 
need to do more in terms of focused marketing All those things are being tackled. Satish and his 
team are very, very actively looking at it. 
[36:26] Ved Krishna: And we are definitely hoping for a quick change to that as well. 
[36:35] Pranay Pasricha: Thank you. Mr. Vignesh, you can go ahead with your question. 
[36:44] vignesh iyer: Hello, am I audible? 
[36:46] Pranay Pasricha: Yes. 
[36:47] vignesh iyer: Thank you for the opportunity. on our expansion that we have planned in 
india um just to get an idea is there any soft commitment from any existing client or any other 
client that you know we have tied up with for this facility or how how are we planning to sorry so 
is there any soft commitment coming from any existing client or any new client asset for this 
new facility because The facilities that is coming on the size is quite big like almost 4x of what 
currently the revenue will be post full utilization. 
[37:29] vignesh iyer: So just want to get an idea. 
[37:33] Ved Krishna: You mean in terms of offtakes? In terms of product offtakes? 
[37:37] vignesh iyer: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean in volume commissioning or something like that. 
[37:41] Ved Krishna: So there are numerous tight trials on right now with significant players. 
And the idea is that by… maybe by the end of this year, we see these things in time. So, for 
example, if you think about a flexible packaging, which is used for all kinds of confectionery and 
snack products, there's a certain methodology to how customers try it. So there's things like 
shelf life. Now, for shelf life, the customer has to keep it on the shelf for six months and then 
check. So there are numerous stages to the trial. So those have been taking place. 
[38:18] Ved Krishna: And yes, we are, the plan is to have very, very strong, not just 
commitments. We are already outsourcing and providing the product. I would say even sales 
before we actually start producing ourselves. So both will be there. Yes, the capacity is actually, 
Vignesh, not that large. We are going to be producing a little over 30,000 tons. That's very little. 
9

You know, Unilever's small shampoo sachet that they sell for 2-3 rupees is 16,000 tons alone. 
Just that one sachet. So it's nothing. 
[38:47] Ved Krishna: The key is to be able to crack that market because once we do, then the 
capacity will be extremely small. But to your question again, the work is on. And yes, the idea is 
that by early next year, we'll have sales and not just commitments. So beyond commitments. 
[39:05] vignesh iyer: So when you say early next year, you're talking about the fiscal year, right? 
[39:11] Ved Krishna: I was talking about calendar, but you can consider it fiscal. It's a three 
month difference. 
[39:15] vignesh iyer: Right, so what would be the general ramp up when it comes to this plant? I 
mean, how early, once it gets commissioned, can you ramp it up in the capacity? Sir, 
[39:45] Jagdeep Hira: so not normally what we emphasize is once we start a product take some 
time to stabilize But first year we take it around 75% of efficiency coming in and the next year 
would be above 90% next year. So that's the ramp up time for stabilizing the machine and the 
coding.  
[40:15] vignesh iyer: Okay, just one small question before I get back in the queue. What would 
be the cost of fund for the debt value taking for this capacity? 
[40:24] Neetika Suryawanshi: yeah so um we would be targeting as low as we can and 
specifically we would be looking at something sub nine and that's what we are targeting 
[40:46] Pranay Pasricha: Mr. Harsh you can go ahead 
[40:55] Harsh: I'm from Gujarat. My question is, how long do you think you will be able to see the 
share price in two or three years? This is in your hands, not in my hands. No, you can tell the 
company. We will complete the work, they can give you assurance. 
[41:21] Ved Krishna: This is in your hands, not in my hands. We will complete the work, they can 
give you assurance that we will not leave any impact in working. We look at work and effort and 
not share price. 
[41:47] Pranay Pasricha: I’ll ask mr kushal to ask his question. 
[42:05] Kushal: yeah hello i'm audible right yes yeah i just wanted to know like what are the 
current financials of Guatemala plant and like where can we find these numbers  
[42:43] Ved Krishna: No we are not generating the Guatemala plant we are trying to raise capital 
right now so the total outlay of capital is 340 billion dollars out of which 140 million is equity 10 
million is something that we are investing as Pakka Limited the rest is coming from external 
investors so those conversations are on right now the plant only comes to stream late 2026 a 
year after project Jagriti so the the results will only be available there that said we are looking at 
like in India we are looking at introducing numerous products through co-manufacturing in 
North America that work is on and I think by next year you'll start seeing some turnover happen  
[43:02] Pranay Pasricha: you Mr. Jeet Gala your question 
[43:08] Jeet Gala: First thing I just wanted to understand is the coating machine which we are 
going to place at our project Jagriti, is it going to be fully fungible between different applications 
like metallized, non-metallized? Or do we have to be very clear at the beginning, while the time 
10

of ordering, that we are going to use that coating machine for a particular kind of an application? 
Because we are going to seed the market with a metallized grade of paper right now, because 
that is what we've developed and we've reached a stage of doing some work and start seeding 
the market. And with respect to cost reduction, like Ved sir already mentioned that we've 
already brought the cost down by 30-40% and still that sweet spot is another 30-40% away. So 
is that largely only a function of economies of scale and everything around the lab work is done 
and dusted or still a lot of work still needs to be done even on the R&D front? So that is my first 
question and second question if you can just give us a breakup of 675 crores for project Jagriti 
split into how much is going to be funded interest how much amount is going towards pulping 
chemical recovery plant power plant base paper machine quarter machine and finally i think in 
a recent tv interview you mentioned about some money going towards r d so if you can highlight 
in towards that thank you so 
[44:28] Jagdeep Hira: i'll take this yeah yeah so this will be the recipes under development as 
we said we came up with formulation 2 and then the formulation 3 is also being worked up 
simultaneously the coating machine will be on a single recipe so there you can fine tune but it 
will be non-metallized recipe As of now we have developed our formulation 1 on metallization, 
further invented the formulation 2. Formulation 3 is already in the progress, which we have got, 
the innovation team has got around 70% of achievement 1. 
[45:11] Jagdeep Hira: Secondly, the whole of the machine will be offline coating on a single 
recipe, which will be non-metallized coating. 
[45:22] Jeet Gala: okay and so we'll be seeding the market right now with the Metallized or the 
non-we would be seeding with non-metallized till we come up with non-metallized solution and 
the cost and the cost is going to be go down going away from metallized coating all right and so 
we just give away our invention towards metallized i mean what do we do with the metallized 
finding then Again, because if we see, as you rightly said and indicated, we are still on the higher 
side of the cost. 
[46:00] Jagdeep Hira: If we remain with those formulations, the cost is going to cut in with new 
formulation coming in, but not to the expectation of the customer. In case that has to go away, 
we have to come up with a solution which is more feasible. 
[46:18] Jagdeep Hira: and practically possible with the coating technology suppliers 
understood and it's a breakup for project Jeet that's a long list i think we can connect offline to 
give you a glimpse of it yeah 
[46:34] Ved Krishna: sure thank you so much it will also be there in our annual report coming 
out quickly I just we forgot to address one of your questions in terms of r & d yes a significant 
boost has been received because of this investment and we will look to by investing a significant 
amount we haven't discussed yet but the idea is that we invest a lot towards r & d  
[47:16] Pranay Pasricha: Mr. Sanyam, your question please. 
[47:20] Sanyam: Yeah, so thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
[47:25] Pranay Pasricha: Yes, you are audible. 
[47:26] Sanyam: So my question is to Mr. Ved. First of all, congratulations for raising the new 
funding round. I hope this amount will go to the long term planning. My question is a bit long 
term, just for an idea. By FY2030, If the things goes out and like if you are not able to execute the 
11

Gautamela project or the Jagriti project not in the way which we are thinking then what could be 
the you know expected revenue and if the things go north like we have planned everything goes 
by the planning then what is the expected revenue we are targeted FY 30 like when all our 
investments are done we are active so the works in the best case about FY 30 just a revenue 
idea not for the company thank you. 
[48:09] Ved Krishna: Yeah you're asking the wrong person I don't ever have plan B's I only have a 
plan A. which has already been stated. Plan B will come if the plan A fails, but if I have a plan B, 
plan A will definitely fail. So there are no plan Bs. There is a singular plan that we have to head 
towards it. We are driven by a singular factor, which is to scale regenerative plant packaging, to 
leave the planet cleaner. The only way we can do it is by scaling. 
[48:36] Ved Krishna: And if we cannot raise Guatemala, for example, then we will look at other 
ways to inorganically grow. To the level that we want to grow in order to have the impact that we 
want to impact. We are so blessed with an amazing set of people that there is absolutely no way 
that we are stopping. So that's not something that is happening with Pakka. So we are all a 
bunch of people who are, I would call them mercenaries, that we are all on this mission. And 
with that, you know, there is no stopping. 
[49:08] Ved Krishna: As our chairman says, you know, the only other option is to die trying. So 
that is what we are going to do. 
[49:13] Sanyam: So just an idea about the revenue of FY30 what are you targeting if you think it's 
all right FY30 revenue what are we targeting we've already mentioned that significant amount is 
also in the video that we started with the type the effort is to go towards 
[49:30] Ved Krishna: a billion dollars  
[49:43] Aman Soni: Hello, 
[49:45] Pranay Pasricha: yes, 
[49:45] Aman Soni: hello, am I audible?  
[49:47] Pranay Pasricha: Yeah, please go ahead. 
[49:49] Aman Soni: Are we expect to maintain the current EBITDA margin for the next two years 
or any further changes? 
[49:54] Neetika Suryawanshi: we wish so too it will be will be a forward looking thing we are 
working towards building in efficiencies and that's what we've been doing in the past sir if you 
want to add anything i don't think so we would be happy sustaining those margins exactly 
[50:40] Manali Gala: hi so my question is like you know when you say that HUL requires 16,000 
tons. So say, suppose a giant does not come in for a tie-up with us. So how many such small 
companies, like say any premium companies, say a Lindt or a Mars, how many such companies 
would be required to exhaust the sales, exhaust the quantity that we have or we are upcoming? 
[51:15] Ved Krishna: Great question, Manali. That's a discussion we were having today itself on 
how do we make sure that we really penetrate the market. And we are looking at it a little 
differently. The way we look at it is what is the substrate that we've created and where all can the 
customer succeed. So we've chosen about four to five segments that we are going to target with 
this product that we have currently now. And that's going to be a big push in the next six months. 
12

[51:45] Ved Krishna: With that in mind, once we have scaled products, so right now what is 
happening is that we are producing one, two, three kind of tons. It's a very low kind of number. 
And that has to significantly change because the challenges also are different when you're 
making, you know, 20 tons. And then when you're making 200 tons, there are different 
challenges. So that's what we are doing. The segments are huge. So for example, one of the 
current trials is with a big tea company. That's a much easier product. 
[52:14] Ved Krishna: You can imagine a tea cover, tea bag cover. So that's a much easier 
product. that we are targeting. But that's also significant in size. It's not small. When we look at 
chocolates and stuff like that, we have now begun discussions with huge chocolate 
conglomerates. We were not, it was a very funny incident, you know, Ramji and I were together 
last week and a huge customer again had taken our product and we are not even realizing this, 
but had tried it for ice creams. 
[52:43] Ved Krishna: It's very interesting because they said, this is your product after a month of 
being in the freezer. And they were very impressed. They were like, there's only there was a little 
bit of watermark on top. But they said, you know, we can we can work with this. It'll be 
interesting. So there are numerous ideas that are opening up. But too nascent to say, yes, I 
agree with you. If there is no large customer and large customers, as we also realize, take a long 
time for their qualification. 
[53:10] Ved Krishna: It's a lot of their reputation on the line. We do look at various numerous 
small, not just small customers but a variety of applications. So it will be a learning curve for us 
but we are definitely hoping that this financial year will give us enough insight that we can give a 
more targeted clearer answer to you by next year beginning. 
[53:34] Manali Gala: Fair enough and also I mean I already asked that on the chat box but so 
what I was asking was so the produce of Gautemala, the bagasse itself and that of India would 
be different in terms of properties? So I mean if there is, I do not know, I'm asking if there is. So 
how is, I mean are we working on both these products separately also to make the like you know 
going ahead with our formulation that we are trying to make? 
[54:03] Manali Gala: And if there is, I mean how much of a difference is it bringing on the you 
know the product itself? I mean in terms of what we're trying to achieve? 
[54:13] Ved Krishna: Super incisive question and you know it shows your depth in the amount of 
work that you guys do but yes we have of course been testing Guatemala's bagasse and to our 
glee or satisfaction we find that the bagasse in Guatemala is much better than what we get in 
India which has been a great thing for us again Jagdeep and the team have run numerous 
studies for that right from the beginning even before we did the bagasse tie-up we actually Our 
chairman was insisting, don't finalize this before you try the bagasse. 
[54:50] Ved Krishna: So we had to get sacks of bagasse and take trials in India and get that right. 
What really happens is not in terms of the product efficacy. It happens, it basically changes the 
cost configuration. Because we normally have to blend the bagasse with certain fibers. So if we 
are using 20% of certain kind of softwood in India, you end up using a little lesser in Guatemala, 
say 15%. Or you end up the other way, you start making a stronger product on that side. 
[55:21] Ved Krishna: So that depends on what is again the product that we are going to 
eventually make and what is the need of market for that. But yeah, overall, the bagasse has 
been found stronger. The varieties of cane are different. They have significant, we have very 
13

small kind of farm holdings. There it's 2000 hectares, one farmer. So the quality is much more 
homogeneous as well. 
[55:47] Manali Gala: Right. 
[55:47] Manali Gala: So, you know, the reason why I was asking like in India right now, while we 
were looking at other sugar companies, all of them have also started facing a cane issue where 
the seed variant itself had become a little fraudulent in terms of that's the reason we have had a 
lower cane crushing etc with all the companies so does that change for us too I mean you know 
when they come up with a new product new seed coming up again new properties same India 
itself and then there's a lower cane availability how much of that 
[56:19] Manali Gala: impact comes to us tech 
[56:22] Jagdeep Hira: Two things two questions you have asked in a single question one is the 
availability We are secured for five years and this is a rotational contractual contract with sugar 
industries for the raw material. Secondly, yes, with the change in the seed, there are properties 
changes, but our technology is suited to get the maximum benefit, which is called cellulose to 
get out of the bagasse. So you may get a bit of a dent in certain seed quality of the cake on the 
economy but quality can be maintained as per the requirement. 
[57:09] Manali Gala: thank you so much. Thank you so much. 
[57:12] Pranay Pasricha: Thank you. Ved, can we take the last question? 
[57:17] Ved Krishna: Yes, I had planned to drop out but it's too interesting to drop out.  
[57:23] Pranay Pasricha: Mr. Paras, your question. 
[57:25] Paras: Yeah, thank you for accommodating me. I have just three questions. One is that 
you mentioned in the next interim until project Jagriti comes in some sort of co-manufacturing 
or outsourced manufacturing is possible what kind of extra revenue potential and margins can 
we expect on that that's number one secondly you know all these projects Jagriti and the 
Guatemala project are multiple times of the current revenue that we are doing what kind of risks 
a principal one or two risk that you see in these projects on you know on a sustainable basis you 
expect or what kind of risk could be there in these projects and third is what is the ultimate 
equity stake that we want to retain in the Guatemala project you know eventually after getting 
investors in on board for Guatemala to kick start and as a project what is the equity that Pakka 
will likely you know hold eventually after all the dilution happens over there these are the three 
questions. 
[58:02] Ved Krishna: Yeah, so again as a team we are driven by the goal for impact. 
[58:32] Ved Krishna: So, what we keep trying to do is that even if we are not growing organically, 
we keep trying to see ways to grow inorganically. And that's where the ideas around co-
manufacturing, around outsourcing, around even our R&D, you know, is coming out with 
amazing products. So very, very interesting products. Ramji talked about the new cutlery. I'm 
really… excited about that. It's a very small product in terms of turnover. It won't be that high. 
But just the quality that we are trying to make is exceptional. So I feel that that will continue. 
[59:10] Ved Krishna: Exactly how much it will be is tough. We have our internal targets for sure. 
But I have one of the board members sitting here in this call and he's going to shoot me while I'm 
on the call. So I will not risk my life for that one. Any range possible to mention there? I won't risk 
14

it. I know I will be short for giving any forward-looking statements. So I'll not risk that. What I can 
tell you is that we will try our best to do our best. In terms of risk, of course there are risks. 
[59:38] Ved Krishna: But what is life without risk? So that is what makes life exciting and 
interesting. I can give you a hundred risk factors. No, no. There are certain risks which can take 
the whole company down. You know, broadly these projects… How many risks do you want? 
How many risks do you want that can take the company down? I can give you a hundred risks 
that can, you know. Right from bagasse like Manali said, there could be a disease in sugar cane, 
through to an earthquake, through fire, through to the market shifting entirely back to plastic. 
[1:00:13] Ved Krishna: It couldn't be 10,000. But we are here to do our work and we believe in 
the journey rather than the end result. So every day, are we doing our best work is the big 
question that we are going to ask ourselves. And of course, we mitigate risk like in Guatemala, 
we have a 10-year tie-up for raw material. We have a tie-up for operations with local 
manufacturer. We have a tie-up, off-take tie-up with three, four people now in Guatemala. 
[1:00:40] Ved Krishna: So we cover those, but those are, you know, in terms of risk, you know, I 
feel there are no guarantees. What is the coverage so far that you've got on the off-take of the 
capacity? 100%. 100% is being promised. So, but that's it. So, what's okay? It's not, it can't be 
contractual. Nobody will give you a contractual guarantee. because the product is not out yet. 
It's a promissory note that they give you. So, sorry, what was your last question? And the last 
question is on the ultimate equity stake that we want to retain in Guatemala. 
[1:01:10] Ved Krishna: So the effort is to make sure that we remain management controlled. So 
basically upwards of 50% is the target. Just now the target for us is 30% dilution and retaining 
70%. But in the end, that all comes to… who the investor is, what is the value they are bringing, 
how is it that the negotiations take place. It's a complex world that we are exploring and it's on 
our competence and the way we are able to pitch and the way we are able to position the 
project. 
[1:01:46] Ved Krishna: But yeah, all I can say is that we're going to keep trying our very best. So 
the effort will be to keep control over there? That's the only way we will work. We won't even take 
it forward if we don't have management control. Thank you, sir. 
[1:02:00] Pranay Pasricha: Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your questions. With a closing 
note from the side. 
[1:02:07] Ved Krishna: No, Namaskar. It's always a joy. I had said in the beginning that I'll last 
about half an hour as I am committed to my daughter today. But it was so interesting that I'm 
going to get a shouting from my daughter. But no matter that, it's great to speak to you again. 
Thank you again for your belief in us, for your support and all your kindness. Thank you so much. 
Namaskar. thank you thank you for joining this call thank you thank you everyone 
Duration: 1 hour 2 minutes 35 seconds 
Participants: Rakesh Khosla, Jeet Gala, abhishek verma, CallStreet Admin, Ramakrishna 
Damaraju, Nayan Shah, Simply maruti …………….., read.ai meeting notes, Ved Krishna, 
Himanshu Kapoor, +91 810** ***86, Neetika Suryawanshi, Pranay Pasricha, Sachin Kumar 
Srivastava, JK, HIREN PATEL, Deepti Jain, JAGDEEP HIRA, Satish Mamillapalli, Harshil Solanki, 
Swapnil Upadhyay, john, Aman Soni, Wise Capital, ADWAIT JOSHI, SANJAY NAIK, Arun Kumar, 
Bijal, Sanyam Jain, sawan, Ketan Kapasi, KANNEGANTI RANGA RAO, Sachin Shah, Manali Gala, 
Ramjee Subramanian, Pragati Parnika, diksha kaur, MUKESH SEHGAL, Ketan, Satish 
15

ChamyVelumani, priyanka arora, Sandeep Jain, priyesh chhajed, Harshit Jalan, Sourav Khara, 
kushal chauhan, Dipen Kapadia (RR Investments) Family office, david yehuda, Mahesh Attal, 
vignesh iyer, Rohit Chawla, Ankit Gupta, Miraj Shah, Neelu Singh, Rajeshkumar Ms, Sudarshan 
Sureka, Vinu Varghese, Praveen Sharma, ayush jain, Abhishek Agrawal, vijay chugh, Srinivasa 
Mullangi, Vijay Bhora, gaali prabhakar, raja Sunkavalli, Sunil Kamath, Prabhjot Singh, Sundesh, 
dipendra jain, Hiren Modi, Regan Mithani, Ashok Agrawal, vikas bothra, Dhiraj S, rajesh agrawal, 
sachin, Shailendra Thatte, Gautami Agarwal, SHIVAM AGRAWAL, PRAMOD AGRAWAL, Paras 
Chheda, Ashish Agrawal, Shefa Family, AJAY AGRAWAL, Sachit Motwani, VARSHA KEDIA, Gokul 
Maheshwari, 509-Aman Soni, Pratik Devani, Himanshu Shivhare, harsh ghadiya, Saurabh 
Mungra, DINESH JAIN, man s, and Lancy Dsouza 
16
