Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
 
Sir PJ Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
July 23, 2024 
Ref. No: HDFC Life/CA/2024-25/52 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,   
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol: HDFCLIFE       
BSE Security Code: 540777 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub:   Transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings conference call with 
analysts and investors held on Monday, July 15, 2024, to discuss the financial performance of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
The said transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website at https://www.hdfclife.com/about-
us/investor-relations. 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
Thanking you, 
For HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
Narendra Gangan 
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & 
Company Secretary 
Encl. As above 
Narendra 
Gangan
Digitally signed by 
Narendra Gangan 
Date: 2024.07.23 
09:39:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Good evening. I would like to welcome everyone to our earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30th, 2024. Our results, which includes the investor presentation, press 
release and regulatory disclosures, have already been made available on both our website and 
the stock exchanges. Joining me are Suresh Badami, Deputy Managing Director; Niraj Shah, 
ED & CFO; Vineet Arora, COO*; Eshwari Murugan, our Appointed Actuary and Kunal Jain, 
SVP - Investor Relations and Business Planning.  
                                                            *Mr. Vineet Arora was inadvertently referred to as Executive Director and COO instead of COO 
 
Moving on to key highlights of Q1 FY 25. Starting with operating performance. We have 
kicked off the year on a strong note, achieving a robust YoY growth of 31% based on 
individual APE, translating to a 2-year CAGR of 21%. This healthy growth is bolstered by 
strong performance across all metrics. We registered an increase of 22% in the number of 
policies and a ticket size expansion of 7%. Our growth outpaced both the private sector and 
overall industry, on a YoY as well as a two-year CAGR basis. 
 
We experienced growth resurgence in tier 1 markets, whilst maintaining strong growth in tier 2 
and 3 geographies. Tier 2 and 3 markets continue to account for two thirds of our business in 
terms of APE and three quarters of our business in terms of number of policies sold. We 
observed healthy growth in the number of policies across both savings and protection 
segments, as well as across geographies. The proportion of 'New to HDFC Life' customers in 
Q1 remains robust, exceeding 70%. We achieved a strong growth of 46% in retail sum 
assured, driven by expansion in retail protection, higher sum assured multiples for savings 
products and robust rider attachment. 
 
Regarding our product mix for the quarter, ULIPs accounted for 38%, non-par savings for 
35%, participating products for 16%, term for 6%, and annuities for 5%, based on individual 
APE. While we began the year with a high ULIP mix, we have been successful in lowering it 
during the quarter. We anticipate this moderation to continue in the coming months, driven 
primarily by product launches across other categories. We have observed strong growth in 
non-par products, with the segment achieving a YoY increase of 41%. Additionally, our 
continued introduction of newer variants within the Click2Achieve umbrella has resonated 
well with customers, with the latest variant garnering Rs 100 crore of new business in merely 
16 days. 
 
Retail protection experienced significant growth of 28% based on individual APE and a robust 
36% on a two-year CAGR basis. This is despite us continuing to follow a calibrated pricing 
and risk management approach. The credit protect segment remained flat due to slower 
disbursement in certain lines of business and increased competitive intensity across select 
partners. Our focus remains on building a sustainable and profitable business in this segment, 
and we are prepared to temporarily step away if a segment or a partnership becomes unviable. 
We continue to be ranked amongst the market leaders in both credit protect and retail 
protection segments and are committed to maintaining sustainable and profitable growth in the 
overall protection segment. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
 
The annuity business in India is still in its early stages, presenting significant long-term growth 
potential. Despite intense competition and aggressive pricing by some peers, we continue to 
adopt a calibrated growth strategy, focusing on enhancing our product offerings while 
maintaining pricing discipline. Together, annuity and protection contributed 47% to our overall 
new business premium. 
 
Moving on to key financial and operating metrics. Our Q1 value of new business was Rs. 718 
crores, reflecting a healthy 18% growth both YoY and on a two-year CAGR basis. Our new 
business margins are 25.0% compared to 26.2% last year. The margin compression is 
primarily due to the product mix and continued investments in infrastructure, manpower, and 
technology. 
 
We are committed to investing for long-term growth by expanding our geographical reach and 
tapping into new customer segments. These initiatives will help drive our growth trajectory 
over the next 3-4 years. As the year unfolds, our focus remains on achieving absolute APE and 
VNB growth. We will be flexible in trading off margins within a range, in order to pursue 
these objectives. 
 
Our embedded value is Rs. 49,611 crores as on 30th June, with an operating return on 
embedded value of 15.5%. Profit after tax has grown by 15% year-over-year, reaching Rs. 478 
crores, driven by an 18% increase in profit emergence from the back book. Our solvency ratio 
stands at 186%. 
 
To strengthen our solvency position, we will be raising sub-debt up to Rs 2,000 crore, in one 
or more tranches, over the next 12 months. This sub-debt raise will help fuel our growth 
aspirations. 
 
Renewal collections grew by 10% year-over-year. Persistency for the 13th and 61st months 
improved to 88% and 56%, respectively, marking increases of 108 basis points and 282 basis 
points versus the previous year. 
 
Next, on distribution. The bancassurance channel experienced over 40% growth in individual 
APE. Our counter share in HDFC Bank continued to be healthy, reaching 66% by the end of 
the quarter, up from 56.5% in Q1 of the previous year. Our close collaboration with partners 
ensures that we are able to offer the relevant products that suit the needs of our bancassurance 
partners' diverse customer segments. 
 
The agency channel achieved strong growth this quarter, with a robust 2-year CAGR of 17% 
based on individual APE. We are expanding our agency network by enhancing capacity for 
future growth, which includes expanding our footprint, recruiting top talent and investing in 
technology and capability development in order to improve productivity. We led the industry 
in net agent additions, adding over 18,500 agents during the quarter. Additionally, we 
expanded our network by adding 60 new locations this quarter, taking the aggregate number of 
branches to around 600. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
 
Further, we continue to actively forge strategic partnerships and have recently partnered with 
Upstox, Fino Payments Bank, Peerless Financial Services, amongst others. These 
collaborations will enable us to reach new customer segments, expand into new markets, and 
strengthen our presence. 
 
Now regarding our subsidiaries. The AUM of HDFC Pension Fund Management grew by 67% 
YoY and surpassed Rs. 88,000 crores. We continue to build the pension business, maintaining 
a market share of over 43%. We are advancing our expansion efforts in GIFT City through our 
subsidiary in Dubai and are already seeing encouraging results in the NRI segment. Going 
forward, we aim to enhance our footprint by introducing more products tailored to their needs. 
The recent expansion of the scope of remittances under the Liberalised Remittance Scheme 
(LRS) will enable us to extend our offerings to Indian residents as well. 
 
Update on Project Inspire. Our technology transformation initiative is progressing as planned. 
We are on track to launch our group business transformation between Q3 and Q4 this year. 
The business process re-engineering under this project will greatly improve operational 
efficiency, establish a unified data platform for enhanced decision-making and collaboration 
and bolster our risk management capabilities. 
 
Moving to regulatory update. We welcome the IRDAI's progressive reforms outlined in the 
Master Circular on Life Insurance products. Measures such as mandatory policy loans to 
enhance liquidity, extended free look-in period, robust processes to address customer 
grievances and higher value to customers on early exits should further the regulator’s vision of 
insurance for all by 2047. We are confident that these reforms will significantly strengthen the 
life insurance proposition in India, making it simpler, more transparent and ultimately more 
attractive to prospective customers. 
 
As indicated in our press release on the stock exchanges, we anticipate a gross impact of 
approximately 100 bps on the company's new business margin due to higher surrender value 
payable on early exits. Impact for us is limited due to our balanced approach to business. We 
have consistently employed a calibrated pricing strategy and maintained a prudent approach to 
risk management, as demonstrated by our regular quarterly disclosures over the past few years. 
Our actual experience of surrenders is negligible based on which our assumptions factor in 
close to zero surrenders. This implies that we have not been factoring in any surrender profits 
after the customer pays the first renewal premium. This is illustrated on slide 8 of our investor 
presentation, where most of our customers prefer to continue their policies in paid-up status 
rather than surrendering them. Our persistency experience is also strong and improving across 
cohorts and geographies. 
 
We are reasonably confident in our ability to mitigate this impact without compromising our 
customer value proposition. We endeavour to achieve this primarily through restructuring 
distributor pay-outs using a combination of deferment and clawbacks. We also believe this 
regulation will improve market conduct, moderate competitive intensity, and benefit players 
who have been relatively prudent. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
 
In conclusion, the substantial gap in financial protection across India presents a compelling 
growth opportunity for our sector. We are committed to securing India's future through 
innovative insurance solutions. We believe our dedication to excellence is visible in our 
consistent, predictable and sustained performance over the years, where we have doubled on 
our key metrics over multiple blocks of four years. Looking ahead, we remain focused on 
maintaining this high-growth trajectory while prioritizing Value of New Business growth. 
 
For a detailed overview of our results, please refer to our investor presentation. We are now 
open to any questions from the audience. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global.  
Avinash Singh: 
A few questions. The first one is regarding the sensitivity to taxes and the corporate tax rate 
being increased. If I see your sensitivity to VNB margins, it appears reasonably high. Just 
wanted to clarify that when you are showing the sensitivity from corporate tax going to 25%, 
are you also assuming all the exemptions being taken away? Or it is like that, okay, 14% where 
it's applicable going to 25% and then you are showing sensitivity? Because there is reasonable 
variance in sensitivities as far as VNB is concerned. 
 
I wanted clarity on how are you calculating these sensitivities? Second is related to credit life. 
Can you help out a bit more, is the competition intense in mortgages or in short tenure 
products like personal loan, micro finance and durables? Where are you seeing intense 
competition? And has that led that on a like-to-like basis, this quarter, the margin profile 
overall on the group side of the product being lower than what it was last year same quarter? 
Niraj Shah:  
On your question on tax, which we have it on Page 26 of our investor deck, we have also given 
a note there, which talks about what our assumption is when we are taking this impact. It's 
assuming that the current tax rate of 12.5% plus surcharge changes to 25%. And the 
policyholder and shareholder segment surplus get taxed at the higher rate. Essentially, 
everything gets taxed at the higher rate. It is not allowing for any benefit of policyholder 
surplus being tax exempt, which was envisaged in the DTC. We will have to wait and see how 
this really pans out, but this assumes that everything gets taxed at this rate. And it's not 
factoring any other exemptions that may or may not be available in the future. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Just a follow-up. So whatever exemption you are assuming, you are assuming that 
policyholder surplus that gets taxed in par as well as your shareholder PBT, both getting taxed 
at 25%? 
Niraj Shah: 
That's correct. 
Avinash Singh: 
So, you are assuming 25% taxation. In that way, if you are having certain par business, then 
you are penalizing yourself a lot more in the sensitivity table because it is the par business 
where policyholder surplus will get taxed? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes, Avinash because while DTC was very clear in terms of how it wants to treat policyholder 
surplus generated out of those segments, we don't know whether it is going to come in that 
form. So, we didn't want to make any assumptions of lower tax on that segment and hence we 
have taken the maximum rate on everything. We will have to wait and see how it really comes 
out. 
Avinash Singh: 
Pretty advance taxes, I mean at both point you are going to tax at 25%.  
Vibha Padalkar: 
I just want to add here that there was a particular reason why the rate is 12.5% plus surcharge. 
I won't go into the technicalities of it, but I think it is somewhat misunderstood given that the 
last three terms DTC has not been talked about. There was a particular reason like I said the 
rate was what it was, going back ~25 years, there was an IRDAI Committee which then 
subsumed the way policyholders and shareholders profit together, Because the intention was 
not to tax profits emerging from policyholders’ funds and to tax shareholders. 
So, this was seen as an amalgamated or an averaged-out percentage. I think a lot of younger 
people who are tracking it perhaps don't know the back story on why it is what it is as against 
just that there was a random rate that possibly is being applied in life insurance, but like I said, 
this is probably not the forum to get into the details. If anyone is interested, we can always go 
back in history as to why the overall landed cost is at ~14.5%. On your next question, Suresh 
you want to take this. 
Suresh Badami: 
Just to set the context on credit life business and your question on competitive intensity, I 
would like to clarify we work across the spectrum with more than 200 partners which is across 
banks, SFBs, MFI, NBFCs and other ecosystem players.  
Secondly, we work on almost every possible line of business whether it's mortgages, whether 
it's LAP, whether it's commercial vehicles, personal loan or autos. There is a fair amount of 
spectrum that we work in terms of the type of partner as well as the line of business. Even 
within that we work with many other partners which are there in certain geographies, we don't 
work in certain states, so it varies in terms of where we are present and what is the profile of 
the underlying customer to whom the loan is disbursed. And finally, even in terms of product, 
we have a very clear strategy in terms of what kind of value penetration is that we can do. 
What are the products that we can offer in terms of riders? It is not an easy like-to-like 
comparison on how you can offer the pricing.  
In simpler lines we do find that other players are also coming in. But given the experience that 
most of the partners have had with us over multiple years we have probably got the best in 
terms of the lowest claim repudiation ratio, in terms of the claim settlement TATs, in terms of 
what is the value penetration that we are able to bring.  
We are working to ensure that our margins remain stable. I don't think it is true that our 
margins have decreased. In some places where quality of business is not good, we are letting 
some of that business go. In some places the disbursement on the credit life on the underlying 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
loans itself has slowed down in certain lines at the partner’s end, there obviously the numbers 
have come down.  
As a calibrated strategy we are very clear to say that we will work in a certain margin range 
and ensure that value penetration, where we cover the loan to the maximum with our partners 
and that's broadly been the way we have been working on the credit life pricing. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
To add here on the pricing and irrationality sometimes and we will stay fairly balanced on this. 
In the past on credit life where it doesn't make sense, we have exited certain lines of coverage 
and then down the line the partner has come back to us because that can't continue forever by a 
new insurer. There will be penetrative pricing, but down the line if they raise prices then due to 
partner’s strong relationship with us in the past means that they will come back. So, we just 
have to build this brick by brick and that's why it will always be two steps forward, one step 
back, but we are in there for the long haul in terms of the relationship. 
Avinash Singh: 
And how is the pricing environment in GTI this year? 
Suresh Badami: 
That remains competitive as every year. In most cases there were a few players who have been 
looking at it, but that is sometimes balanced more with the relationship that we have with that 
particular corporate and the overall relationships we have got. But that is the segment which 
remains competitive in terms of pricing, which is why if you find that we are at a certain 
market share, we don't want to go beyond that market share.  
And in any case, every year it keeps getting renewed. Wherever we find it reasonable or where 
we find our existing relationship which comes in for renewal, we go back and ensure that stays 
with us. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And to add over there, because of this one-year churn you end up paying stamp duty every 
year and that makes it onerous. If GTI was say for three years, then it could make very 
different commercial sense than this annual bidding out to the lowest insurer. So again, there 
will remain calibrated.  
Avinash Singh: 
Got it, very clear. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Now that you had time to look at surrender charges and there is a talk in the industry that there 
will obviously be aggressive selling in Q2 and then possibly we will go through a period of 
new product launches in Q3. So how should we look at the industry from the next 9 months’ 
perspective? And within that what would be your strategy in terms of premium growth. How 
should we look at it from the next 9 months’ perspective? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Prayesh, this aggressive selling is something that we don't like, and we did not do it when the 
budget changes were happening. We did not resort to fire sale and even more so now because 
the product will actually be better for the customer in the event that they want the liquidity. So 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
just because somebody might be saying okay the IRRs might drop and so take my product 
right now, we are not going to do that, it's going to be absolutely business as usual for us 
between now and the transition period. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And from a margin perspective, the product mix has been favourable. Share of 
protection and annuities have gone up sequentially. But still margins have come off and its 
primarily due to expenses. How do we look at full year margins? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Like I mentioned even in the April call, we are focusing on two outcomes. One is growth that 
is faster than industry growth. This is new business retail APE growth. And second is in terms 
of VNB growth, again getting back to doubling every four years in a very consistent manner. 
Margin will be to some extent an outcome, while at the same time we don't intend for it to yo-
yo excessively. And by that, I mean not to the extent of 300, 400, 700 basis points. that's not 
what we have in mind, but a little bit here and there. The reason for saying that is clearly there 
is an uptick of unit linked over the past several months, thanks to the markets. And so that is 
something we cannot ignore. Second is that customer acquisition continues to stay to be 
important so that we can upsell to the customer down the line. And so, we will remain range 
bound as far as unit linked is concerned while at the same time deliver VNB growth. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Last question on retail protection, is there a pricing action that's happening in the industry? 
And is there some pressure from reinsurers? What will be the reason for a major re-pricing 
action? 
Niraj Shah: 
On pricing we have always maintained that this is an ongoing exercise whether it is protection 
or annuities or non-par. Like in any product in any industry, you will review pricing based on 
what the raw material cost is. In our case what the experience is, depending on which customer 
segments are you addressing and so on and so forth. If you are referring to a media report that 
was there a couple of days back, I think there hasn't been any change that we made which is 
significant. What was reported in our context wasn't appropriate. For one segment which is 
above 60 there was up to a 5% change in price and this business is less than 0.1% of our 
overall business. So honestly nothing of any consequence at all and pricing will evolve based 
on how deep we go into the country in terms of customer segments. It is not really going to be 
something which is out of the blue. It will emerge over a period of time, after which we will 
review our experience, look at our pricing, talk to our reinsurers and, of course, we have to 
compete in the market as well. A lot of these things will come into consideration and as we 
have articulated across all our businesses; we will maintain a calibrated approach. With our 
pricing, we are reasonably comfortable with the kind of share we have in the market, and we 
would like to continue maintaining that discipline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
I wanted to get a sense of this new slide about surrenders that you have added in the 
presentation. I wanted to understand what paid-up policy actually means. These are non-
surrendered policies, but they have stopped paying premiums. How does that really flow into 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
your VNB? Maybe you could clarify that part a little bit and then I can ask my follow-up 
questions on this? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
When we calculate margin or the profitability, we look at what is the proportion of 
policyholders who will pay premiums and continue to be in-force throughout and get the full 
benefits. We also have an assumption for policyholders who will discontinue premiums during 
the tenure of the period but will not surrender. They will continue with the policy for a 
prorated benefit. And then we also have assumptions for policyholders who could completely 
exit the policy. Now as shown in the slide, the experience for us, in both non-par savings and 
par on the policy holders who exit is negligible. We only have policyholders who continue 
paying premiums or policyholders who stop paying the premium but continue the policy and 
those are the two assumptions we have factored in our calculation of margin or VNB.  So that 
is what we are trying to explain here. Because of the change in regulations where surrender 
value has gone up, since we don't assume any surrenders in our calculation there is no impact 
on the margin post year two. The only impact we have is in year one where our experience is 
quite good. And further, we have conservative assumption in year one as well. Our experience 
of lapse or exit in the first year is even lower than assumption and that is what we are trying to 
explain in this slide in terms of what the experience is, what our assumptions are and what is 
the relation is in terms of the impact on margin. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. Just a follow-up on this. When a paid-up policy holder, he's probably paid up for two 
years and then stopped paying premium, when the policy matures for him, that's what you 
mean, he will not surrender the policy and the policy will mature in a partly paid status. What 
benefit does he get at that point of time? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
He will get prorated benefit. To give an example, suppose a policyholder has taken 5-pay 
policy of INR1 lakh premium and suppose the maturity value is INR10 lakhs. He stops paying 
premiums after say 3 years, he pays premium only for 3 years i.e., he has paid 60% of the 
premiums he had committed. He will get 60% of the sum assured and instead of INR10 lakhs, 
he will get INR6 lakhs at maturity. This is what is called as prorated benefits. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Wouldn’t the margin on a prorated benefit policy be marginally lower than the 
margin you get on a fully paid-up policy? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
That could vary depending on when the policy is made paid up, what is the original premium 
paying term is taken, the structure of the product, what kind of benefits in terms of 
composition. For example, in par, it could depend on sum assured, the bonuses, etcetera. But 
what is important is that the impact on margin will depend upon what is the assumption on 
how many policyholders are making the policy paid up and what is the experience. Since we 
keep calibrating our assumptions to the experience on the policies becoming paid up, whether 
it is higher or lower profit, that's already captured in the margins. So as long as the experience 
is going to be in line with assumptions, we don't see any major impact on margin. And as you 
see in our EV disclosures, our operating variance has always been positive. Our assumptions 
are slightly conservative when compared to the experience, that's why the operating variance is 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
positive. It's not a question about whether the policies becoming paid up or premium paying or 
surrender. It's more about whether the experience is in line with the assumption. The major 
change that has happened in the regulation is the change in surrender value. And there, we 
don't have any impact because of the factor that we already explained. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. And another question for Vibha and Suresh. With these changes happening, the 
industry would be in a flux, and you will probably be back on the ground board designing 
products and talking to distributors. What is the feel that you are getting? I think it's very 
important that we are able to defer the first-year commissions over maybe the first two years or 
first three years. Do you think that the distributors will agree? And this also to a certain extent 
depends on whether the industry, the manufacturers actually come together and are able to do 
this, right? What are your thoughts on this? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
We have put out a likely impact based on what Eshwari just explained. We will have bespoke 
conversations with some of our key partners. But that will happen in an organic way. There is 
no fire situation per se because our assumptions, not only the assumptions of how much is 
getting surrendered, but equally or if not more important is to be fairly restrained in terms of 
aggression on IRR. If one is more aggressive on IRR and there have been competing products 
that give 70 bps to 100 bps, if not more, even today, in terms of differential in IRR. If that's 
going to happen and one is really banking on surrender profits beyond the first year, then one 
is going to hurt more and what one has to return back to the customer will be more. For us, 
there is repricing of new business that we write very, very quickly if the macro situation 
moves. So given that, we are having conversations, but not on an SOS basis. It's a little bit 
more organic. I mean, we are in multi-time in most situations. The conversations between us 
and our distributors will also depend on the conversations they are having with other 
manufacturers. It's a dynamic process. Suresh, you want to add anything. 
Suresh Badami: 
I think broadly, Vibha covered it. Given the quantum of change, impact on us is probably 
lesser than other players in the industry, and I'm sure everybody is assessing their impact. We 
can look at three-four options. One could be to say that we continue, we have a clawback, we 
have a deferral, or we look at maybe lower IRR. Obviously, IRDA would want the product to 
remain as good for the customer with better thresholds. Our objective would be to say, do we 
look at deferral, which will probably lessen the impact on each of the manufacturers. Or if the 
partner has extremely high persistency and we are comfortable, maybe we will just continue 
and have a little bit of a clawback. We really don't want to jump into this immediately. I think 
we are having, like Vibha mentioned, discussions with each of our partners. And in turn, they 
are having conversations with their respective insurers, given that we are probably in multi-tie 
with different insurers at different partners. We will probably think this through and by end of 
September, we will be in a fairly more comfortable position to say as to what we would want 
to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie Capital.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
I have two questions. One is on margins and in general, the VNB growth outlook. So, first on 
VNB margins, you are at 25% for this quarter. You mean that you will have a further 100 basis 
point compression because of the new surrender rules that is not a fact, part of this 25% that 
has been reported in Q1, how should we look at it that further from 25%, you're going to see 
any impact? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Suresh, the 25% is for the quarter. And usually, the margins get better as we move towards full 
year because of seasonality. The business is much more while your fixed costs remain more or 
less the same. Margins do pickup and so on a full year basis, wherever we are likely to end 
before these regulatory changes, again, on that margin, it will be 100 basis points impact, if we 
did nothing. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Okay. So, impact due to these new rules are not a factor of this 25%. And the second thing is, 
still you are saying you want to double your VNB in four years, that's a 19% CAGR. Now the 
problem there, Vibha, is indeed the upside from margins is very limited. All said and done, the 
margins have a downward bias across the industry, not only for you. In that sense, you are 
actually indirectly indicating that you want to grow your APE at 20% plus for the next four 
years. Isn’t that a tall ask? We have not seen 20% for quite some time. So, you think you can 
do that over a period of four years consistently? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes, I'm reasonably confident, Suresh. Because we are assuming the current dynamics of 
competitive intensity, relative advantage, the products being the same. And just now we are 
going through a massive overhaul of product, something that we knew all along, and that is 
something that's happening right now. And that itself could reveal a very new normal. Another 
one that could be fairly disruptive is, for example, IFRS. Under IFRS, the way we see unit 
linked now in terms of top line and the competitive intensity with unit linked, that could 
undergo a significant change because a lot of that is going to get shaved off. And only the net 
income will reflect on your income statement. We are assuming a ceteris paribus from now for 
the next four years, there are already some visibilities of large changes where we feel we have 
a competitive advantage. Third point is on HDFC Bank. And as you know, just over the past 
maybe seven-eight months, our counter-share has meaningfully gone up. And it will 
organically, as we work more closely together and so on, will go up. And a little bit of product 
tweak. For example, if I were to see my agency channel, that has term at about 12%-13%. 
While at HDFC Bank, it's low single digits, like 3%-4%, closer to 3%. That itself is going up 
to, say, 5% just because there's a little bit of focus, can have a meaningful uplift in margins. 
We have many tongs in the fire to keep chipping away and to see how we can continue to add 
margins while there will be investments that we need to make in business, but we feel that the 
doubling in 4 years is still doable. Niraj, do you want to add? 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. Suresh, and just to your point in terms of inherent margins going in one direction, which 
is downwards. We don't necessarily think that because in each of the product segments, there's 
an opportunity to improve margins. A couple of things, one is obviously scale. Second is also 
the ability to attach embedded protection across, not just in term products, riders, but also the 
savings products. All of these things, along with dynamics being very different as you go 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
deeper into India. The ability to preserve inherent product margins and even expand on that in 
a calibrated manner is very much possible. So not all the VNB growth needs to come from top 
line growth. Some of it can come from mix like we discussed and also increasing inherent 
product margins. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And again, I want to add a final piece. For example, when you look at sum assured, the growth 
in our sum assured is significantly higher than our APE growth, which just again means 
protection is growing. 46% growth in individual sum assured, all of these are large chunks of 
mortality cover, which is the result of sum assured. The fact that we are raising sub debt, also 
means that we are writing more of protection business. We are slowly moving towards higher 
margin, brick-by-brick and also 70% of our customers are new to HDFC Life. This quarter as 
well as last quarter that we talked about and before that. Ability for us to upsell to them is that 
much more at a slightly reduced cost and therefore, uptick in margins. Agency channel is 
another one where we are investing quite heavily in Tier 2/3, as we have talked about in the 
past, including the Exide Life acquisition that's grown significantly higher than company level 
growth even in the first quarter. But it is in a growth phase and investment phase. All of this 
should start delivering and reaping dividends for us in a slow but sure manner. And that's why 
we say that it's not going to happen overnight, but that's why we said four-year doubling 
should certainly happen. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Thank you. One procedural clarification question? New IRDA regulation is effective when? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
From 1st of October. So last date of selling under the current structure is 30th of September. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Just to understand this better, have we already started filing the new products? Or will you start 
new product filings in Q2 with the regulator and then you will have to launch on 1st October? 
How well prepared you are with respect to some of your new product structures, because the 
approval from IRDA will also take time? There could be a lead lag issue in between. 
Niraj Shah: 
All the existing products, which need to be made compliant with the new regulations do not 
need to be filed for approval. They have to be self-certified by the companies as per their 
product management committees, which is a board level committee. We certify it, and we can 
launch it as soon as we are ready to operationalize. It does not have any lead time as far as 
IRDA approval is concerned. Of course, any new product that we launch now, depending on 
which process it needs to follow, whether it's use & file or file & use, will require prior 
approval in certain categories. That will be an ongoing process. Also, you would appreciate 
that what's happened over the past few months is that many products are now getting launched 
in use & file, so the bandwidth to approve products by the regulator has improved. That has 
actually brought down the lead time to launch new products. While it's an exercise, we will be 
in a position to offer all the products that matter and will comprise most of our existing 
business, we should be able to offer it by October 1 without any disruption. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Aditi Joshi: 
My question is related to the margin walk. In full year 2024, we had some negative impact 
coming in from expenses. I'm just wondering that for the first quarter, do you have such impact 
persisting? Or how was the walk for first quarter, if you are able to share your view, please? 
Niraj Shah: 
So last year, if you recollect what we had said is we had 130 basis points gap. Out of that, 
about 70 basis points was on account of lack of operating leverage because on an actual basis, 
we grew at 1%. I mean, of course, on normalized basis, we grew at 11%. 
But that scale gap is what caused a significant part of that margin gap and the rest of it was the 
product mix. In the Q1 context, everything is pretty much product mix because the scale is 
back. The growth was 31% for the period. You will see a positive fixed cost absorption of 
0.3%, but we have a 1.3% negative on the product mix, which is largely the unit-linked mix 
increasing from 25% to 38% on a like-to-like basis. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I just want to add that, while for the quarter, ULIP mix was 38%, but exit rate in June has 
come down to about 35%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund.  
Gaurav Jain: 
I just have one question. We are at 186% solvency margin as of June '24, with this sub-debt 
raise, if we were to do it on this base, how much will the solvency go up to? And post the sub-
debt raise, will we still have room to raise more sub-debt? Or how do we think about capital 
raising? 
   Niraj Shah: 
Our headroom today, based on the regulatory limit is about INR 2,000 crores. We will see in 
terms of how we want to go about it. We have an approval to raise this over a 12-month period 
in one or more tranches. The solvency position that we are comfortable with is in the 180% 
plus range, so we would like to operate in that. And I think the first tranche at least that we will 
raise will in all probability help us to maintain that level for the foreseeable future and then we 
can use the rest of the headroom based on our requirements. We are also expecting over the 
next 12 to 18 months risk-based capital regime to kick in. When that happens, our 
understanding is that we will be able to write more business with the same amount of capital. 
The regulator will obviously take a view in terms of how they want to establish that regime. 
But based on our interactions with the regulator, we believe that if you're writing long-term 
business prudently with appropriate risk management, you should be able to write more 
business with the same amount of capital. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And to your other question, it would add about 20% to 22% if we raised the entire INR 2,000 
crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
A couple of questions. One is on channel. So, you had mentioned that you were having 
conversations on how eventually, the commission structure, etcetera, will pan out. I just 
wanted to understand from you in our open architecture channels as well as, say, the agency 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
channel, since multiple players will have a varied approach on how they are going to pay out, 
you will also have varied approach based on what kind of business you source from a 
particular channel. Can there be a risk that there can be aggression from players in terms of 
commission that can move counter shares in those channels? Just wanted to understand how 
you think that can be a risk or a challenge in, say, open architecture or agencies, which one 
would be tougher to correct? And secondly, in terms of IRR cut on the non-par product where 
there is the impact of this new regulation, just want to understand from your perspective, how 
do you see the product competitiveness vis-a-vis say other similar products like, say, FDs? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I'll take the second one. Our product competitiveness should definitely go up. And like I 
mentioned earlier, today, one is that we reprice with a lot of frequency as and when interest 
rates move materially. That is number one. And number two is, even today, there is a material 
difference in IRRs, and that IRRs can't come out of thin air. It has to be funded from 
somewhere either by the customer or by the shareholders or the company. From that point of 
view, we believe that there will be some calibration in IRR due to the surrender charges going 
down. And therein, if it's very similar, then we can only get at a better place than the intense 
competitive intensity today in non-par. Suresh, you want to answer the first questions. 
Suresh Badami: 
I think the first point is related, in the sense that market share depends on IRR of the product, 
which is the pull. The second is the commissions that are available in the market. And three is 
the resources that you put for supporting the partner. Now given the lesser impact that we 
have, we do believe that it may lead to a higher competitive advantage over a period of time in 
terms of what we should be able work out with partners as a combination of all three, whether 
it's resources on the ground, whether it's the IRR on the product in terms of the differential as 
well as the commission structure, whether it is deferred or whether it's slightly lower 
commercial or clawback. So those options are all available. I don't see this market changing 
dramatically. At least for us, we don't see a huge shift. There will be obviously some change 
here and there. But with some of our top partners, we should be able to work out something 
which is clearly better than what we were as a relative advantage to competition. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Right, sir, just quickly wanted to follow up that on the HDFC Bank channel, do we expect the 
counter share would remain around that 70% range, which is our aspiration, in the new scheme 
of things? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I'll just leave it by saying that it's our parent. In the last 7-8 months, counter share has gone up 
very meaningfully from 56%-57% to ~65%, in that range. And as far as 70%-72% share is 
concerned, I think it is a matter of time before some of that organic movement upward should 
happen regardless of surrender charges, no surrender charges. Whatever it is that they're 
selling, share of that should go up organically. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vinayak Agarwal from Jefferies. 
Vinayak Agarwal: 
I had a question on the non-par savings business. So, the absolute amount of business done in 
the quarter, about INR860-odd crores seems to be quite reasonable. How do you think the 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
momentum builds on from here? And how should we think about the growth in this segment, 
as last year subsequent quarters saw some decline due to change in tax norms. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I will start off and then hand it over to Suresh. We are seeing good traction in this category. 
We are seeing traction both in above 5 lakhs and below 5 lakhs. We are seeing traction in Tier 
1, 2 and 3. So any which way we cut non-par, we are seeing traction. And this is something we 
have been saying all along that once this whole focus on tax starts weaning away and it has to 
happen because ultimately, money has to flow somewhere. 
Not everything can flow in equity. And that is exactly what we are seeing. Also, there are new 
product launches to get mind share. There are some of the other aspects to it, for example, on 
pension, which has a very unique way of delivering value on a post-tax basis to the customer, 
especially the slightly older customer. So, it is holistic growth.  
Suresh Badami: 
I will just add, I think the market continues to remain large for the non-par given that the 
customers will finally have to invest household savings, whether it is in fixed deposit or any of 
these products. Non-par savings is a competitive product compared to some of the other fixed 
benefit kind of products which are available in the market on the guaranteed product side. We 
believe the non-par product still has a fairly large scope in terms of growth. 
In some of our products like Click 2 Achieve, which we have now launched. It's a very unique 
do-it-yourself kind of a product. So, when we go out with a product like that in the market, I 
believe it is for us to expand the market in terms of activation of specified persons in the banca 
channel or our financial consultants in the agency channel as well as the number of new unique 
customers that we bring in. And like Vibha rightly mentioned, the Tier 2, Tier 3 expansion, 
especially on this product will get us more ticket size as well as the number of unique 
customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
How much was the growth from HDFC Bank this year on a year-on-year basis? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
It was 41%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And you said that counter share increased to around 65 from 55 on year-on-year basis? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. So about 18% growth is due to counter share increase and about 20-22% is just a holistic 
increase. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
On the agency side, your growth is still at around 10% versus some of the peers who have been 
growing at around 20-25%. So, we are not sure when the investments in agency are really 
going to play out in terms of numbers. 
Suresh Badami: 
Our agency growth is around 14%. And on overall 2 years CAGR, our growth has been around 
that, so it is fairly good. Two, three things that are happening in the market. There is a shift in 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
terms of the unit-linked contribution as a source of the business. So, we don't really compare. I 
think we are very clear to make sure that ours is a profitable agency business. 
We calibrated in terms of how we grow based on a certain product mix. The third thing, the 
Exide agency channel, which had come on board, we are investing a lot in that, so that will 
take some time. And hopefully, the pickup will happen over the period. 
And on the growth in the Tier 2, Tier 3 market, we have expanded to some 60 branches. We 
are looking at it in terms of the number of new agents that we have added, that continues to be 
the best in market also. There is an NOP strategy that we are putting into place. We have 
invested heavily in our retiral advisory financial consultant program. So, the building blocks 
are clearly in place. 
On the Tied agency side, because of more business from the greater than 5 lakhs in certain 
segments, it slowed down, but now the base effect has fallen into place, and we should be able 
to grow significantly. We added like 18,500 agents net in Q1 of FY25, which was the highest 
in the industry. So, the distribution is building. The locations are expanding. I think the Exide 
channel has also been growing. So fairly confident that the agency channel will start firing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital.  
Supratim Datta: 
If you assume that these 10% of people who were going to fully paid-up policy status as 
compared to surrendering their policy, now surrender because of the higher SSV, then what 
will be the margin impact? Have you done any sensitivity analysis on that? 
And the second question I had was that if I look at your non-par savings policy tenure, then it 
seems like it has gone up from 16 years in fourth quarter to 21 years now. What is driving this 
change and how would the margin of a higher tenure product be compared with a lower tenure 
product?  
Eshwari Murugan: 
On the first question, if the policyholder now surrenders compared to keeping it paid up. 
Economically, the value to the company will not be different because if you see how the 
surrender value has been defined, it is linked to the paid-up value and it is a present value of 
the paid-up benefit at the current G-Sec rate. So, for company it will be very neutral, whether 
the policyholder continues in a paid-up status, or he surrenders. 
But for the customer, it is a good proposition to continue the paid-up policy because he 
continues to get to death cover though it is lower. And he also gets the logged in interest rate 
for a long tenure. The contract may be 20 or 30 years. So, he gets the benefit if he continues in 
the paid-up policy. But from a company perspective, the impact on margin will not be material 
because of the way the linkage is between the paid-up benefit and the surrender value. 
Niraj Shah: 
On your second question in terms of the increase in tenure, that is something that we have been 
consciously driving because longer-term products can offer better value to customers. And this 
has been enabled by our new launch of Click 2 Achieve that we had launched a few months 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
back. We have been launching new variants in that, which encourages customers to stay for a 
longer period of time and get a higher value proposition. 
And that completely sinks in with the economics for us also. The longer the policy term and 
premium payment terms, the better the margins as well. So, it works for everybody, and that is 
something that we have been driving consciously as well. 
Supratim Datta: 
And what would typically be the margin differential? Could you give us some sense that 
versus a 13-year policy versus a 21-year policy, how would the margin differ? 
Niraj Shah: 
We cannot get into specifics on that, but it will be meaningfully different. And I think one 
thing you can maybe look at is in terms of a non-participating product, the margins are higher 
than company average. You can expect a significant delta on that for a longer-term policy.  It 
is fairly meaningful. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Nidhesh: 
Do you see any change in the new business strain with the higher surrender value post 1st 
October? 
Niraj Shah: 
Not in our case because of what all Eshwari had mentioned, prudence in pricing as well as 
surrender assumptions does not result in a very significant change in our reserves. So that does 
not affect our accounting profit. But the impact would be different for different approaches that 
companies may follow. 
Nidhesh: 
And why don't we go with the strategy of no change in the commission structure and try to 
gain market share because the impact on us is quite low versus some of the other peers. So 
why don't we take this opportunity as a market share gain opportunity versus maintaining 
neutral profitability as a strategy? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Nothing that is off the table. We will explore all options with different partners. However, I 
think our regulator is also looking at a little bit of collaboration with partners in seeing how 
payouts can be more back-ended. So that is also a tacit kind of expectation from the regulator. 
But we will have all sorts of options and iterations between now and 30th of September. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: 
First is on the VNB walk. I know it is a very small number but there is some change in 
assumption. If you can give some details of which assumptions have, we changed? Is there any 
change that we should know about? 
 
Second, on the surrender value itself. It is very useful data that you have put across on slide 8 
about how much surrenders you actually face in the different years. But given that the 
surrender format now is such that probably after third or fourth year the customer can actually 
get 100% of their principal back unlike earlier when it would be at 50% or 60%. So, in that 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
situation, are you also accounting in for any change in customer behaviour? Or have you 
thought about how will you go about that?  
Eshwari Murugan: 
On the first question, the assumption change we do as a year-end exercise based on the 
experience that are emerging. We have changed the assumptions in mortality, persistency 
across product segments. It had a small nonmaterial impact on the margin, which is what is 
getting carried forward to the quarter 1 of this year because whatever was reported in last Q1 
didn't have this assumption change. So, if you see the last full year disclosure, you will see 
some similar impact in the VNB walk.  
 
On the second one. There could be some difference in the customer behaviour because of 
surrender value. But the reason we say that behaviour may not impact us is because today we 
are not assuming that any customer will surrender for a lower surrender value and the company 
will make a surrender profit. So, if our assumption is that no one surrenders then we do not 
make any profit currently. 
 
And going ahead if the customer surrenders, he gets the value which is equivalent to the paid-
up benefit that you would have anyway assumed. So, there will not be any impact on the 
margin. So, the customer behaviour will not impact our company's margins so much. Whereas 
if we would have assumed surrender there could have been some impact.  
Vibha Padalkar:                   And just optically, 13-month persistency could look bad, but not the economics of it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Just on the ULIP business, I want to understand to what extent our ULIP today has higher sum 
assured, that is more than 10x? And to what extent it has supported the margin. I remember 
last time it was around 60-65% of the total ULIP that we were selling, had higher sum assured. 
So, is there any further headroom available to improve the margins or hold up the margins 
even if the contribution goes up on ULIP? 
 
And then the second is you are raising sub debt maybe during the year, then the difference 
between what you will pay as interest and where you will invest, how much likely impact it 
will have on VNB margins? If there is a 100-bps difference, I believe that impact could be 
somewhere between 70-80 basis points. So just wanted to understand how it will play out. 
Niraj Shah: 
So, on the first one on unit-linked, we had mentioned a few quarters ago that we have started 
attaching riders as well as the multiple of sum assured shows that customers which were used 
to taking, say 10x have moved to 20x in the last couple of quarters and it has in fact, started 
expanding beyond 20x as well now. 
 
So, there is room and customers are preferring to use this as a vehicle to not just save but also 
to get meaningful protection in the same product. So that journey is very much on and moving 
in the right direction. Also, our rider attachment as a journey which started a few years back is 
still in its very nascent stage. We are yet to see the full benefits of the rider approach in terms 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
of multiple riders per policy. So that journey has just started. So, the headroom is very 
significant from here on. 
Sanketh Godha: 
What is the weighted average sum assured today in ULIPs? And what extent of the business 
you sold in ULIP has higher sum assured? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, I mentioned the 20x was the number some time back. Now it is close to 30x. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And in the proportion of the total premium, how much is higher sum assured? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, we don't look at it that way. And I think it really depends in terms of which channels are 
selling, what kind of tenure etcetera. So, we don't really have that as a target. We are basically 
just seeing if customers across the board are willing to consider buying protection through this 
in a more meaningful manner and that is happening, and we are quite happy to drive that as we 
go forward. On subordinated debt, we will raise it over a period of time, and we will decide the 
timing based on our requirements as well as the market appetite. 
 
And in the past the sub-debt that we carry has a fairly negligible negative carry of about 20- 30 
basis points because we have the ability to invest. All the sub debt that will be raised will get 
invested and we don’t expect negative carry on that to be significant because we don't 
necessarily need to match the duration of what we raised with where we invest given that we 
have a fairly large book. We will be able to minimize the negative carry and will not have any 
material impact on our VNB. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect. But honestly, what is the need to raise capital. Because if you look amongst all the 
companies, you guys are the ones who have raised the highest amount of capital whether it is 
sub-debt or direct equity. So, 186% solvency is still healthy. You also said that our safe 
number is 180%. 
 
Is it only because you expect more growth in HDFC Bank, or your high sum assured strategy 
or more ULIP demand is resulting in more strain and that is the reason? This is it difficult to 
understand why you need sub-debt because your solvency is still very healthy. 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. So, it is healthy. It is just that our preference is to not be in a situation where we have to 
manage growth just because the capital is getting to a 180% zone or 175% zone. Anything 
above 150% is great. That is absolutely fine given that we know directionally we are in an 
excess capital regime today, but it is the regulation. And we have our internal policy based on 
the current regulation. 
 
So, we don't want to be in a situation where we need to manage those tightly when the growth 
is indeed moving in the right direction for longer-term products as well as for protection. So 
yes, to your point, sum assured is increasing faster than overall company growth and capital is 
getting deployed for a longer period of time. So, we want to do this ahead of time. And if the 
cost of carrying the sub debt or the negative carry is minimal, we don't see a reason why that 
should be an issue. To your point on equity, you know the reason for that. It was basically o 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
fund the acquisition. There was no other requirement for that. So yes, that is our thought 
process. 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Just to answer your question on competition. The solvency ratio for all the players is coming 
down because of the reason that Niraj just mentioned, the type of contracts the companies are 
writing. So maybe some companies have been at 300% solvency ratio, may not be raising 
capital, but if you see the trend for every company the solvency ratio is coming down. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And a data keeping question, your unwind rate seems to have been off in the current quarter, 
7.8%. Anything to read there? Is it only just because of the yield curve movement? And lastly, 
if you can break down your economic variance number into equity and fixed income, INR400 
crores? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
The unwind rate is 8.1%. It's mainly due to the yield curve change offset by some positive 
outlook on equity. Last year, it was 8.2%, this year is 8.1%, 10 basis point reduction. On the 
economic variances, it is mainly coming from equity. The equity market rose around 8-9% this 
quarter compared to our unwind rate of 8.1% that is giving a positive upside in the equity. On 
the debt side, there is a small increase because of the short-term curve reducing by 8 to 10 
basis points, that is a small amount. Most of the economic variance is from equity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aravind R from Sundaram Alternates.  
Aravind R: 
I have two questions. One is that in the current quarter versus the last quarter and sequentially, 
VNB margins have declined. Despite mix of ULIP coming down, and non-par and protection 
mix has going up sequentially, VNB margins have declined. Is there anything to read here, like 
in terms of lower profitability in the product or like investments in any particular channel or 
like your tech investments leading to this VNB margin decline? 
Niraj Shah: 
Not really. Inherent product margins are only either sustained or improving. In product mix on 
year-on-year basis obviously, there is a big movement as you can see, 25% versus 38%, in 
Unit linked. On a sequential basis, there is not much difference in product mix. But yes, the 
difference is largely on account of absolute scale of business that gets done in quarter 1 versus 
quarter 4. That is probably the difference. 
Aravind R: 
Also, annuity has degrown in this quarter, when I compare it year-on-year. Any reasons like do 
we expect annuity to pick up again in the coming quarters? 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. So, we mentioned this earlier as well in terms of having a calibrated approach. There are 
multiple sources of annuity business. It is a fairly large market as we see it going forward as 
well. It is going to be a long-term opportunity. But there is some irrational pricing in certain 
pockets. We have to take that into account, and we are not in the business of writing business 
which is not viable for us in terms of either managing the risk or the pricing. 
 
We will take these calibrated calls. We had a similar kind of conversation on Credit Life. So, it 
applies to all our businesses wherever we see some sort of pricing or risk management, which 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
we are not in a position to compromise on, we are happy to step back temporarily. And given 
that the opportunity is long term we are not really worried about missing out on certain parts of 
growth, which are not viable. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And just to add here, the surrender charges will have an impact on deferred annuity. And so, 
we do see some level of calibration coming through post 1st of April on this product segment. 
Aravind R: 
Sure. And just one last question, if I may ask. Do we see any pushback from agency or any 
distributor or any other channels in terms of implementing trail commission or like in any 
other structure of commissions? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
We are in very early stages right now. No one will agree immediately. I'm sure there will be 
some bit of convincing, some bit of expectation from regulator and so on. So, I think those 
conversations are on as we speak. And as you will understand we don't want to really put out 
everything in a public forum for some of these private discussions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
First, on the non-par business, you clearly mentioned that growth has been across a spectrum, 
be it geography or ticket size, but if you can give some breakup of the low-ticket growth in 
non-par versus the 5 lakh plus growth in non-par for the quarter? Second, just a data keeping 
question. If you can give your HDFC Bank mix in your individual business for the quarter. 
Niraj Shah: 
So, the product mix by channel is there on page 16. HDFC Bank is a subset of bancassurance, 
and its reasonably representative of the product mix. Unit-linked is in the 40s in HDFC Bank, 
and non-par is fairly healthy in the mid- to -late 30s. And as Vibha mentioned earlier, the term 
mix is increasing fairly steadily. 
 
So that's probably the mix. So, it is not very different from the other bancassurance channels, 
but by and large, moving in the direction that is right from a customer perspective as well as 
for all the stakeholders. As far as growth on non-par, it's across the board. And obviously, as 
you will appreciate, on a very low base, greater than 5 lakh growth is extremely high. 
 
It's not a number that we want to talk about, but it's just a base effect. So, there is a fairly 
healthy growth of over 30% on up to 5 lakh as well. And on a very low base, the growth is 
much higher in greater than 5 lakhs. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a follow-up. I just wanted to know that out of the INR100 of individual APE that you have 
written, how much would the HDFC Bank for the quarter? 
Niraj Shah: 
About 51%. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
How much should that be in the base, 1Q of last year? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I'll just explain. So, we grew about 40%, and about 18% is because of the share increase. And 
the rest, about 22%, is just normal growth. And HDFC Bank has also grown at about 22%-odd, 
in the mid-20s, all put together. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Just a couple of questions. One is now our EOM is at decadal high. And even adjusting for any 
kind of reclassification of commission payouts, it looks like both on year-on-year and 
sequential basis, it has gone up. So just wanted to understand what is driving that, have 
commission payouts gone up? And the second question is, when you are offering a guaranteed-
return product, what kind of rate of return do you make or do you assume. Is it higher or lower 
than GSec plus 50 bps? 
Niraj Shah: 
So that really depends on the product pricing, which is based on the tenure in which the 
investment is happening. So, the rates that we offer to the customer ranges anywhere between, 
in the current context, maybe, from say, 5.5 to maybe 6.5. So, for us to give the customer 5.5 
to 6.5, we need to have a spread to manage our risk as well as account for the baseline 
profitability and cost of capital. 
 
So that is factored into our pricing. And that is the reason why we reprice fairly dynamically 
based on how the interest rates move. And we have been reasonably disciplined in this manner 
ever since we launched this product category over 5 years back. So, we have broadly managed 
to maintain our spreads even in a fairly intensely competitive environment. And we have done 
that through multiple things. 
 
One is, of course, the strength of the distribution that we have and also the new products that 
we launch from time-to-time, in which the customer and distributors as well are able to see 
beyond just the rate. And like in protection, there are many other considerations that go in 
when a customer is buying a product, so that works fairly well for us in the segment. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
The only reason I asked that question is for the surrender regulations, we have been allowed to 
discount with a factor of GSec plus 50 bps. So, what I was trying to understand is, at a 
portfolio level, on guaranteed return product, do we end up earning more than that or less than 
that? 
Niraj Shah: 
More than that. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
And just the first question that I was asking was on EoM as a percentage of net earned 
premium, is now up to almost 22%. It is pretty much at a decadal high, and even adjusting for 
any kind of reclassification from opex to commissions, it seems like our commission payouts 
have gone up substantially because it is visible in the sequential pickup as well. So just trying 
to understand what is driving that? 
Niraj Shah: 
If you see the total expense ratio for full year FY24, it was within 20 basis points of the 
previous year. And the commission structure started changing last year after the EOM 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
regulations that were effective from beginning of last year. And that journey continues as we 
speak in FY25 as well. 
 
So, nothing really materially different from that. Our cost of acquisition on a like-to-like basis 
hasn't really changed meaningfully. At the margin level, there could be relationships in which 
there could be some changes. But at a very broad level, there are no significant changes in the 
overall cost of acquisition. 
 
So, the overall cost of acquisition is at similar levels and the expense ratio is also fairly close to 
where it was at the beginning of the period. For quarter 1, the change that you see in the 
expense ratio is more in terms of the investments that we made in terms of infrastructure as 
well as people that we have deployed in partner branches, nothing much to do with the 
commercial arrangements. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arul Selvan from Independent Advisors Private Limited.  
Arul Selvan: 
I just had one book-keeping question. On Slide 33, it says that your current solvency ratio is 
without assuming the impact of the dividend, so could you just tell me what would be the 
solvency ratio after including the impact of the proposed final dividend? 
Niraj Shah: 
Around 5% impact on solvency after assuming impact of dividend payout. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS Securities.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So wanted some sense on the distribution. Obviously, we have already mentioned a 41% from 
HDFC Bank, of which 18% growth is from wallet share change. But is it correct to understand 
that last year, in the second quarter, we already had a higher wallet share. So, you will have a 
normalized growth from banca in Q2. So, is it the right understanding? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Not the entire Q2, it started moving up slowly from August and meaningfully from September 
onwards. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And in terms of agency channel growth, it looks a little tepid. Obviously, ULIP could be one 
of the reasons, but how do we see that growth picking up from the second quarter? 
Suresh Badami: 
We did address this in one of the earlier questions also. I think there are a few input parameters 
which are in place for the agency, and we do believe a little bit of the base effect of last year 
will help us grow our agency faster. So, the Exide agency channel is expanding. With Tier 2, 3 
expansion, with the new branches that we set up last year, that should help us expand into 
newer locations and newer geographies. 
 
Third, of course, is the fact that we have invested heavily in terms of training as well as a lot of 
new products that have been launched, which are being picked up by agency. So, we do 
believe that the agency should also pick up in quarter 2 as compared to quarter 1. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Any view on composite license? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, we are hopeful that it gets introduced in both the houses of parliament. And hopefully, it 
gets passed. We have been waiting for quite a long time. And if that were to happen, we will 
evaluate our options. But the bigger picture is how do we expand the pie, not much interest in 
doing the same thing. But this hopefully should open up a lot of new product and innovation 
ideas. And that is what we will be focused on if this comes through. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Have you already started evaluating the kind of products we will be launching if at all, this 
makes through? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. We do have some ideas internally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Raghvesh from JM Financial.  
Raghvesh: 
So, on the group protection, you mentioned credit protect was flat Y-o-Y. So how much of a 
decline did we see in the group term? And how does group term business fare on the margin as 
compared to the company level margins? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, both are almost flattish. And yes, these are profitable segments when you get it right. But 
credit life is a lot more impactful than GTI. GTI for us is small, it will probably remain small. 
As we have said in the past, we will do GTI only where it makes sense. And given it's a largely 
one-year business, we find it difficult to ignore past experience and so on. But it's fairly 
negligible for us in terms of margins or premiums. 
Raghvesh: 
But the Y-o-Y decline in protection comes out to be around 15%. So if the credit protect was 
flat, this has to be a substantial decline. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
GTI itself is not substantial. 
Suresh Badami: 
Credit protect is also not a substantial decline, is flattish. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Where do you see substantial decline?  
Raghvesh: 
I see around 15% when I try to back calculate from the protection number. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Maybe we will connect offline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Vibha Padalkar for closing comments. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team in 
case of any further queries. Have a great evening. Good night. 
