www.ideaforgetech.com  
 
 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
(Formerly ideaForge Technology Private Limited) 
EL-146, T.T.C. Industrial Area, M.I.D.C. Mahape, Navi Mumbai - 400 710. Maharashtra (India) 
Ph.(O): +91 (22) 6787 1000 (F) +91 (22) 6787 1007 
 
Email: info@ideaforgetech.com CIN No. U31401MH2007PLC167669 
August 02, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 543932  
To,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE SYMBOL: IDEAFORGE 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 30, 2024, whereby the Company had submitted the link to the audio 
recording of the Earnings Call hosted by the Company on Tuesday, July 30, 2024 at 11.00 a.m. (IST) post 
announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 
2024. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the Earnings call held on Tuesday, July 30, 2024. The Transcript is also available on Company’s website at 
below link: 
 
https://ideaforgetech.com/investor-relations/news-and-announcements 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
 
Sonam Gupta 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A53881 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SONAM 
DILIPKUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SONAM DILIPKUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2024.08.02 15:12:40 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“ ideaForge  Technology Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT MEHTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED  
 
MR. VIPUL JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH PATEL – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of  
ideaForge Technology Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Patel from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Parth Patel: 
Thank you, Siddhant. On behalf of Orient Capital, I welcome you all to  ideaForge  Technology 
Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management side, we have Mr. Ankit 
Mehta, Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Vipul Joshi, Chief Financial Officer. I hope everyone 
had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and release that we have uploaded on our 
exchange and company's website.  
A short disclaimer, I would like to say before we begin the call, this call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties.  
With this, now I hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Mehta. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you, Parth. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 Earnings 
Conference Call. I have my colleague, Vipul, along with our IR advisor on the call with me. As 
we reflect on this past quarter, I want to provide an overview of our key achievements, initiatives, 
and strategic advancements and discuss how these elements are setting the stage for our future 
growth.  
Firstly, we are thrilled to announce that we have crossed the mark of half a million flights 
cumulatively on our systems in the hands of our end customers. These are actual missions that 
have been carried out by our customers in some of the most challenging and difficult 
environments, both operationally and from a terrain standpoint. This not only boosts our 
confidence in the products we design and manufacture, but also indicates the potential of this 
technology to revolutionize operations and tasks across sectors.  
As I mentioned in the previous call, we have successfully attained the AS 9100D certification, 
which is a prestigious standard for aerospace quality management systems, as well as the ISO 
27001:2022 certification for information security management. These certifications not only 
affirm our dedication to maintaining rigorous quality standards, but also enhance our ability to 
meet the stringent requirements of our clients and regulatory bodies. 
They reflect our commitment to ensuring that our products are reliable, safe, and secure, which 
is crucial to maintaining our competitive edge as we continue to expand our presence in the high-
stakes market that the drone industry is. In the last quarter, we witnessed the fructification of 
many of our development and diversification initiatives. 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
In Q1, we launched the beta version of FLYGHT CLOUD, an automated workflows discovery 
platform centered around civil use cases. FLYGHT CLOUD is poised to be a game changer for 
the UAV industry. It is designed to simplify drone data management, eliminating the 
complexities of multiple vendors, regulations, and inefficient workflows, while providing 
customers with access to expert operators through a unified platform. 
During the beta phase, we are onboarding domain experts for advanced automated workflows 
and anchor customers, while also gathering invaluable feedback from these early adopters to 
refine the platform and ensure that it meets the high expectations of our diverse user base. 
Another key highlight of the quarter is the advancement of our drone-as-a-service business. We 
have entered into paid PoCs with several prominent enterprise customers as well now for their 
manufacturing facilities and mines. 
These engagements are not only validating the technical and operational business feasibility of 
our drone-as-a-service model, but are also providing us with critical insights into the evolving 
needs of our customers. By offering tailored yet scalable solutions and demonstrating the 
tangible benefits of our technology, we are able to build a strong foundation for this business 
model and driving the adoption of this technology across various industries.  
On the international expansion front, we continued our product market fit activities and received 
a very positive response from potential customers in the U.S. We have launched a border security 
solution during the Border Security Expo there. We have completed our Early Adopter Program 
with a few customers, and we envisage that the successful completion of these programs is likely 
to result in confirmed orders from some of the customers there. With these orders, we expect to 
transition from an entrant phase to a building phase of our expansion in the U.S.  
As we have maintained since the beginning, we are a technology company. Technology and 
product development through innovation remain at the core of  ideaForge. Recent grant of five 
new patents underscores that commitment. With this, our total count of granted patents reaches 
43, with 29 patents pending for granting. 
On the product development front, we continued our efforts in enhancing the existing hybrid 
VTOL and quadcopter platforms to remain ahead in the market. Apart from features and 
performance enhancements on these platforms, we have also focused on developing payloads to 
provide better results to end users and software solutions that will help increase the autonomy 
of our platforms. We are also developing next-gen platforms in the same categories and will 
launch them later this year. On the larger platform development, we are implementing design 
improvements on the tactical UAV based on ground and flight test results and are on track as 
per our plan. For the middle mile logistics platform that we are building, we are making progress 
on the design and will soon come up with an exciting announcement of what we are likely to 
build. We will keep you posted on the progress of these initiatives. 
Through our drone innovation platform, we are reimagining the future of this technology. 
Partnerships with domain experts who are focused on innovation, as we are, are crucial for faster 
technology development and go-to-market perspectives. 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Our recent partnership with Inertial Labs for integration of their LiDAR payload with our UAV 
platform is a step in that direction. This partnership will open up a new use case for us and will 
bolster our confidence in the collaborative approach we have taken for building the UAV 
ecosystem. 
We also made strategic investments in line with our philosophy to pursue innovation and belief 
to utilize existing domain expertise for technology and product development. These investments 
include GalaxEye for joint development of UAV-based fog and foliage penetration Synthetic 
Aperture Radar. We made another such investment in TechEagle, which is working on logistics 
use case through drones. There will be multiple avenues for collaboration with TechEagle, 
including cross-leveraging technology, use of their on-ground network for our drone as a service 
business, and utilization of our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities for their logistics 
platforms. Along with them, leveraging our platforms for complimentary use cases in logistics 
as they build a full logistics chain using drones up to the last mile.  
Now I look forward to discussing our financial performance for quarter one FY25. Our order 
book as of 30th June stood at approximately INR 54.2 crores. We are closely working on our L1 
pipeline of INR 300 plus crores, which we highlighted in the previous earnings call as well. We 
also expect export orders in the near future based on the feedback we received during our 
demonstrations and customer interactions. We previously indicated that our business cannot be 
evaluated on a QoQ basis. We are a technology innovation company and hence, while revenues 
do not grow on a QoQ basis, we continue to invest in product development on an ongoing basis. 
The consolidated revenues for the current quarter stood at INR 86 crores versus INR 97.1 crores 
in Q1 FY24. Gross profit stood at INR 28.7 crores with a gross profit margin of 33.3%. EBITDA 
for the quarter was INR 8.5 crores as compared to INR 32 crores in Q1 FY24. Our EBITDA 
margin for Q1 FY25 was 9.8%. PAT stood at INR 1.2 crores as compared to INR 18.9 crores in 
Q1 FY24. The PAT margin for the period was 1.4%. There are certain expenses that are fixed 
in nature. Hence, with the dip in revenues, operating leverage did not play out. We expect with 
the increase in revenues, the same will be absorbed leading to better margins in the future. These 
numbers are as per our expectations and as we demonstrated in FY24, we are confident of growth 
in FY25 as well, despite variations in quarterly performance. 
I would like to reiterate that our business is built around technology and business innovation and 
should not be looked at just QoQ performance basis. A holistic approach would be to take into 
account the initiatives centred around new development and diversification which have potential 
to provide disproportionate results in the future. 
As we look to the future, our strategy remains centred on innovation, strategic partnerships and 
market leadership. We are committed to leveraging our technology advancements, expand our 
service offerings and pursue new opportunities to drive values for our stakeholders. Our team is 
dedicated to executing our plans and continues to achieve meaningful growth in the future. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Dipen Vakil from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Dipen Vakil:  
Thank you for the opportunity sir. My first question is in the line of, while I understand that 
economies of scale have impacted your EBITDA margin, but what led to the fall in the gross 
margin? Because that has also deteriorated quite significantly.  
Ankit Mehta: 
Thanks,  Dipen. Basically, our gross margin in terms of numbers as I had mentioned in our 
previous calls as well is largely determined by the opportunities we are billing in that period. 
Some of these opportunities were closed close to a year back. So, the gross margin when we 
won those deals was in a way broadly locked at that time itself. And therefore, it's not really a 
reflection of anything which is emergent from any recent activity, but it's a function of some of 
the large opportunities that we closed competitively in the previous years. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So, largely likely because fixed price contracts happened a year back, gross margins have been 
slightly lower this time. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, and this was a comparatively bid program and therefore we obviously did the right thing to 
back the contract and execute it appropriately in the right time period. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So, my next question is in the line of, while the L1 pipeline of INR 300 crores is encouraging, 
your current order book of INR 52.4 crores is very bleak. So, do you expect to execute the entire 
INR 52.4 crores in the coming quarter? And by when do you expect this L1 pipeline to be 
finalized? Because that seems to be very important to maintain execution under current 
scenarios. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, let's try and understand what the L1 pipeline broadly indicates, right? It indicates 
opportunities where we are the only vendor under consideration and particularly in this past 
quarter as well, we've been able to make some additional bids as well, particularly in the 
international market, which have bolstered our confidence on, getting outcomes on this L1 
pipeline. 
 
Closure of this pipeline in that broad sense is expected in the present and the coming quarter. 
We have to continuously track with the end customers as soon as we can close them. And the 
moment they are closed, what we are doing is at our end, we are preparing our ability to execute 
it as soon as possible. Since there is a good visibility on what's been looked at, we are working 
towards creating a method and mechanism to execute them faster than usual. And that's what we 
are investing a lot of our time and energy presently in as well. 
Dipen Vakil: 
And on the current order book that you have, so that will be executed by when? 
Ankit Mehta: 
The current order book should get executed within this and the next quarter. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it. And I completely understand that  ideaForge is completely a technological driven 
company and it focuses highly on the new product development. But sir, it will be really helpful 
if you can also give us any market sizes, opportunity sizes for your product or something, which 
can help us evaluate the company's forecast or maybe the opportunity size that gathers around 
the product much better. So any thoughts on that? 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, sure. So let's say, if we take the example of the efforts that we are putting with GalaxEye, 
for Synthetic Aperture Radar payloads, the opportunity in the short term is, revenue opportunity 
is looking to be close to about INR 250 odd crores. When I say short term, I mean the next two 
to three years. So that's one of the developments that we're doing. So whenever we do a new 
payload development, typically it opens up a revenue opportunity for us in the short and medium 
term and that's what we are looking at when we do these collaborations. 
 
When we look at the LiDAR collaboration that we have done with Inertial Labs, typically the 
LiDAR market globally for UAVs is about 120 odd million dollars. And it is likely to expand to 
close to 400 million dollars in the next five years. And therefore, that's another market where we 
will look to gain some market share with this collaboration with Inertial Labs. 
 
So similarly, when we are looking at our improved products in terms of enhancements that we 
do on our existing products as well as the new launches that we are doing on the existing 
categories, each of these categories that we have chosen to be in as product platforms is an 
opportunity that has a billion dollar market opportunity and revenue potential in the long term. 
And we continue to build new categories and new products in these so that we can continue to 
learn from what the customer's needs are, evolve based on the customer's needs, understand what 
is happening in the global environment in the war scenarios. And these developments will help 
us continue to go deep into these market opportunities and build a very large business. 
 
So these categories are very large categories in terms of what we have chosen to be in. And our 
penetration in these categories is going to be contingent on us continuously evolving our product 
to meet the market needs and the changing user expectations and requirements. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the detailed explanation. So my last question, considering it's 
a new financial year, any guidance that you would like to share on revenue or EBITDA margins? 
Ankit Mehta: 
We had mentioned this in the previous earnings call as well that we plan to grow this year as 
well as an overall annual basis. And at this point in time, in terms of margins, I think we are 
looking to closely track similar margins as our last year's numbers. But we will continue to 
update our progress as we proceed along through the year. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. I have a few more questions, but I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Hi, a very good morning and thank you very much for this opportunity. I just wanted to 
understand what was our R&D spend for this quarter? 
 Vipul Joshi: 
Hi Deepak, thanks for the question. So the addition in R&D is roughly about INR 16.5 crores. 
And now no new product launch has happened, so nothing has been capitalized for the quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So this entire 16.5 has been capitalized, right? 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 Vipul Joshi: 
So we have product under development. So it is in the intangible assets under development for 
now. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So anything expensed out of it or the entire 16.5 is capitalized? 
 Vipul Joshi: 
No expense out for the quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, understood. And when we say that we plan to grow this year as well, I mean, what's the 
range we are looking at in terms of growth? If you see, last year we grew about 68%-69%. So 
this year, what may be the range we may be looking at for the growth part? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So I think a lot of that will come from the conversion of the L1 pipeline to revenue, to order 
book and then revenue. So we will keep updating on that, Deepak, as soon as we have, visibility 
on many of these aspects.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, understood. And the second quarter would be seasonally your weakest quarter, right? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Typically, that was also the case last year as well. So yes, I think that is something which should 
be expected. 
 Vipul Joshi: 
So Deepak, typically because that's our execution phase as well, we get a clarity on our orders 
and we build our products for the supply and we expect the customer visits to conclude and all. 
So typically the Q2s is our building phase and is expected to be the same as well. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. So in light of that, I mean, you mentioned, I think, this year we are closely tracking the 
EBITDA margin similar to what we did last year. But given our first quarter EBITDA margin 
of 3% and second quarter ideally at a lower revenue scale with fixed cost there, you might have 
an EBITDA margin in the negative territory. So to maintain that similar kind of margin, your 
second half margin should be very good, I mean, ideally. So any sort of comment that you want 
to make on that?  
Ankit Mehta: 
So I think the opportunities that we are tracking do give us adequate confidence on the numbers 
spanning out. But like I said, the moment we have more visibility on some of these on ground, 
we'll be able to update. It won't be appropriate to do that right now.  
Deepak Poddar:  
Fair enough. I think that would be it from my side. All the very best to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Goswami from Fractal Capital 
Investments LLP. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Yes. Hi. Could you sort of give out some context or details on the U.S. Homeland Security work 
that we've done in terms of the size of the work that they are going to roll out? And is it a very 
competitive bid or what sort of outlook can we have there? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So what has happened in the U.S. market for us, just to give a quick update, we've done close to 
a dozen demonstrations there to end customers. We have close to five early adopter programs 
operational over there. Two of them have reached their conclusion and we are awaiting the 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
customer to get the adequate budgets that they need for getting our products in their hands. So 
that's the broad traction at this point in time. So we will see early revenues from the U.S. 
geography in this year itself.  
 
And we are continuously pitching our product to various end customers. We are participating in 
events and opportunities there, to expand the opportunity base in the U.S. market. Broadly, the 
feedback as far as the product is concerned is positive and therefore we are investing in that 
market with good energy. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Is the bid going to be with a partner or is it our own bid in the U.S. Homeland  tenders? 
Ankit Mehta: 
In U.S., we have partnered with close to three to four value-added resellers and Homeland 
Security bids are going to be via these reselling partners. And when I say more bids, what we 
implied in terms of international market was not just bids that we have placed in the U.S. market. 
I had indicated last time as well that interestingly U.S. opportunity and U.S. partners and other 
visibility has increased our inward and inbound from the African markets as well. And therefore, 
some of the opportunities that we have bid for are in the African markets. So it's not just 
opportunities that we have bid for in the U.S. in terms of Homeland Security customers, but 
customers in the African markets in both defense and Homeland Security are good opportunities 
we are tracking. We place some large bids there as well where our product is the key product as 
far as drones are concerned. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Is there a rough sense of size of not the L1, you already called out the L1, but the size of bids 
that we would have submitted in the international markets as of date that you would like to call 
out? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Presently, it's in surplus of the L1 number that we have suggested over here. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
So beyond the L1, there isn't any active bid that we are yet to hear about? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So the L1, the way we have suggested the number, it has a lot of cover opportunities. So it's not 
merely a number that is based on specific opportunities we have bidded for. It has a lot of cover 
opportunities as well. So therefore, the opportunities where we are the only vendor under 
consideration for drones is actually a larger number than this. Within that, international itself is 
a larger opportunity base than the number we have indicated. So therefore, the expectation is to 
close this quite positively. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Thanks. I'll be back in a bit. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam Trivedi from Nepean Capital LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
Yes. Hi. The question I had was with respect to your break-up of revenues. Defense is still 70% 
and then civil is 30%. How do you see that in the next say, 3 to 5 years? Are you seeing defense 
and other governments becoming lower as a percentage of revenues? 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, you know, what's happened, Gautam, is that, you know, we've just seen some green shoots 
in drone as a service around enterprise customers. But these are on the drone as a service side, 
which means that the impact on revenue there is not going to be as much in terms of value at 
this point in time in the short term. But in the next few years, we should expect the, you know, 
split to be similar to what you're seeing right now in the present quarter. 
 
However, I think in the long term, as the opportunities on the services side become larger, use 
cases around inspection and logistics are the core use cases where pure enterprise users will have 
the potential of becoming larger than government opportunities. Apart from those two vectors, 
most other applications where drones can be used end up serving a very large customer, which 
is the government, because if we were to even look at mapping, the largest landmass in that one 
sense is with government customers across the world, as well as Homeland Security, again, is a 
vector that is related to government. 
 
So therefore, when we see a lot of uptake and  uptick on logistics and inspection opportunities 
is where private will become large. And we are seeing the early green shoots of that becoming 
an important vector. Apart from that, uses around industrial security is something that we are 
seeing a lot of green shoots in   the short term. Okay 
Gautam Trivedi: 
So that's one. And the second thing is, I guess, the numbers obviously did surprise most of us on 
this call. And as you said, this is a seasonal thing. Is there a huge impact on raw material costs 
also that ended up depressing your numbers?  
Ankit Mehta: 
No. I don't think there was any material impact on raw material costs. They were as they were. 
Like I said, these are bids that we won competitively. These were large bids and we were 
executing those bids based on the customer timelines and we are making the expected deliveries 
on those.  
Gautam Trivedi: 
I see. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amitosh Kumar from Mastertrust. Please go 
ahead. 
Amitosh Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Could you please comment on the demand for high technology drones in logistics as 
well as the geopolitical scenarios, that is surveillance and warfare? And how do you see the 
demand in coming quarters in the industry? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So from a demand standpoint, I think there is an impending induction of this technology at a 
much wider scale amongst our forces. That, induction of technology is something which we 
don't see any signs of pausing. I think the ordering cycles and the ordering avenues for them 
remain to be vectors that they also are very closely tracking along with us. And therefore, I think 
mostly we don't see a challenge in terms of the intent or the opportunity. We do continuously 
track their ability to be able to aggressively go in that direction. And that's where I think most 
of the effort is at this point in time. 
Amitosh Kumar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sahil Sharma from FM Construction Agency. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Hi, sir. I was going through your annual report and there is a mention of  middle-mile logistics 
and e-commerce use cases. Can you please clarify if this  middle-mile logistics, the product will 
be co-designed with your new partner that you mentioned about TechEagle drones or is the plan 
for you to build out a product completely independently?  
Ankit Mehta: 
So, the reason why we partnered with TechEagle is twofold, right? One is that we will definitely 
learn a lot more about the operational needs of logistics customers because they are not only 
building a specific drone platform for logistics, they are also building the drone logistics service 
layer. And therefore, our objective is to learn firsthand what does it take to build a logistics 
opportunity and what are the needs of the customers and what are the constraints on the ground 
that are critical for us to account for in our design and our operational design when we look at 
middle-mile logistics. So, that partnership in that one sense is going to feed into our 
developmental efforts. However, the efforts at this point in time are entirely being made by our 
own teams and we are designing that platform from ground up. 
Sahil Sharma: 
And there is also this mention of, I think it's a logistics use case drone where you said 500 kgs, 
100 kms range in your report again. Any idea of what the timeline is looking like to launch this 
product in the market?  
Vipul Joshi: 
So, the all-up weight was mentioned as 500 kgs. The platform capacity to carry load will be 
close to about 100 kgs in terms of additional payload that it can carry, as well as the range of 
operation is expected to be close to about 100 plus kilometers. And in terms of developmental 
timeline, we will see us building prototypes starting this year but the development completion 
will take between two to three years. As far as this platform size is concerned, it is a much, much 
larger platform than what we've built previously and I think it is something that will take time. 
However, many prototypes will be built in the process and the path to get there and I think those 
will be leveraged across various opportunity creation vectors that we will need for business 
development there. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Sure, sir. And my final question is any plans of last mile logistics either independently or are 
you planning to acquire another drone delivery company like a TechEagle or I think there is 
Skye Air and other companies? Are you planning to do it independently or acquire another 
company for your foray into last-mile logistics?  
Ankit Mehta: 
I think last mile logistics is an area that we continue to keep a very close eye on. We are looking 
to partner with service providers who can leverage our existing platforms that have small but 
useful payload carrying capacity. So we will partner with last mile service providing operators 
and pitch our products for that use case as well as in when we sort of do the necessary software 
work for those opportunities but the plan to directly invest or to participate in that opportunity 
as an operator is something that we do not have at this point in time. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for your responses.   

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Goel who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Piyush Goel: 
So I think apart from the results which are obviously a bit disappointing but I see that you are 
saying that we should not be treating this company as a quarter over quarter company. So I take 
that point. But I am looking at the quarterly numbers as well. So not only the numbers, in terms 
of quality of numbers is also quite deteriorating. After so much of expansion in R&D, your 
employee cost is continuously going down. Your other expenses continues to go up and the cost 
of material has seen a huge jump. So what is all leading it up to? So how come a growing 
company has less amount of employee benefit expenses? Are you losing employees? Are you 
losing talent? What is happening? 
Vipul Joshi: 
So basically if you look at compared from the last quarter numbers there are certain provision 
that were also impacting the last quarter and having now  exited those provisions, these are the 
actual payouts for the employee expenses plus these also have the non-cash provisions of the 
ESOPs, that is also there in this quarter which we continue to basically provide for every quarter. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So we don't have any employee or attrition challenges at this point in time. So that way I don't 
think that number is reflective of that. It's mainly based on the provisions and numbers that came 
up as a part of last quarter. 
 
Secondly, cost of material went up like I explained earlier. This is because of merely the 
opportunity that we had bagged, that we executed and the gross margin was lower on that 
opportunity given the competitive nature of the bids that we had done and therefore the increase 
in the cost of material is mainly reflective of the gross margin of that opportunity and that's what 
we are seeing over here. So on both these cases it is not anything of a surprise in that one sense 
and it continues to remain quite stable as far as the business is concerned. 
Piyush Goel: 
And also if I look at the order book, it has drilled down from INR 200 crores plus to now almost 
like INR 50 crores which is like one-fourth. So what's happening? Is it that orders have dried up 
or there is more competition in the market, other people are catching up? Are you losing ground 
in terms of competition? Why such a drastic drop in order book in such a sunrise industry where 
you claim to be the number one producer in the country but you still continue to lose order. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So basically if you look at the opportunity and the way the opportunities are built and scaled as 
far as this industry is concerned, the ordering cycles are dependent on basically how the 
government looks at large opportunities and their ordering cycles. So therefore, we do not have 
any evidence of losing ground in so far as the market opportunity is concerned in favor of  
ideaForge. And we also do not see any evidence of losing competitiveness as far as the market 
is concerned. 
 
It's only a factor of how large opportunities close. The run rate business continues to be there. 
The base of the run rate business is lower as compared to the chunky large opportunities and as 
soon as we close the chunky large opportunity, the order book will again balloon up 
disproportionately. So I think it's a vector of how much a large opportunity impacts our order 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
book overall. And therefore, the moment we close some of these chunky opportunities, we will 
see that filling up quite quickly.  
 
So it's just a function of time and the ordering cycles for our end customers rather than being a 
vector of anything particular on ground that's causing us losing our competitiveness or 
advantages. 
Piyush Goel: 
And two questions, what is the other income of INR 6 crores? Like if we didn't have this INR 6 
crores other income, we would have been in losses. So what is this INR 6 crores other income 
is? 
Vipul Joshi: 
Basically, these are mixed in terms of our interest incomes on FDs and also our other investments 
that have matured in this period. 
Piyush Goel: 
Okay, so if we didn't have these surplus money lying in FD, we would have been in losses 
because our net profit is less than the other income. And the last question is from my side, the 
US market. Sorry to interrupt Mr. Piyush, I request you to join the question queue for any follow-
up questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anil Kataria from Frontline Capital Services Ltd. Please 
go ahead. 
Anil Kataria: 
I want to thank you so much for giving an opportunity. I want to ask you two questions. The 
first is, you have revenue visibility only for one quarter. So is there any worry ongoing concern 
of the company? And the second question is, if you will not get any new order, what will be the 
revenue visibility for third quarter? If revenue will be zero, how much fixed cost you will incur? 
Last question is, is there any clear-cut vision of company in terms of top line and bottom for 
next three years? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So Anilji, in terms of visibility of revenue, like you have mentioned that we have an order book 
presently which we will continue to execute. We do expect orders to come in as well, particularly 
from our run rate business. And those orders will also add up to this order book. And of course, 
as soon as we close some of the large opportunities we are tracking, we will have that also 
filtering in through the year. In terms of our numbers from the standpoint of results, I think 
broadly the expenses are visible. They are visible at this point in time and we will continue to 
track in a similar way at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. Sir, I want to understand about your capex plan and 
also the new product that you are developing around Tactical UAVs and Middle-Mile Logistics. 
Where are we developing them currently? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So the Tactical UAV is being developed from our Mumbai Product Development Centre and the 
Middle-Mile Logistics platform is physically going to be developed in our Bangalore Product 
Development Centre. 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Dipen Vakil: 
And production also will continue to happen there? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Production is something that we do believe that it will continue to be centred around Mumbai in 
the short term. But as we expand into these opportunities, we will take a call based on the demand 
and the requirements and the cost base in terms of what it will take to, where it will be the most 
ideal to build production facilities for these platforms. So we are evaluating those as we speak. 
While the development is on, we have an opportunity to take our time to plan those activities 
well. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So this Bangalore Product Development Centre that you mentioned, was it an existing centre of 
yours for a while or it's a new centre that opened up recently? 
Ankit Mehta: 
It is a relatively new centre which has been operational since about a year in Bangalore. And 
there is a new facility we have taken up for prototyping the platform and building it initially over 
there. And that is another facility that we are operationalising presently in Bangalore. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it. Lastly you mentioned that you are looking at an L1 pipeline of INR 300 crores which can 
come in this quarter or next quarter. So how fast can we ramp up execution of the new course? 
What is the lead time that is there from contract finalisation to you commencing delivery? 
Ankit Mehta: 
That's the area where we are aggressively making our plans and closely tracking these 
opportunities. So we will continue to work in that direction and come back. 
Vipul Joshi: 
Dipen, Most of the details emerge once the contract gets finalised and then the delivery timelines 
get negotiated and discussed with the customers and these are specific to contracts, whether 
domestic or international. Since the pipeline also has a distribution between domestic and 
international, some of the clarities will emerge once we sign the agreement as well. While we 
are doing our planning to have the execution in place as and when the orders get signed. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors. Please 
go ahead.  
Mithun Aswath: 
Hi. I was just looking at your numbers, Over the last few years, your margins  were significantly 
higher in FY22 and they have gone down in 23 and 24. So I just wanted to understand is that 
because of, the cost of materials obviously have gone up quite significantly from FY22 to FY24. 
And even this quarter you've seen deterioration in margins. So I just wanted to understand, you 
may be L1 in these INR 300 crores of fresh orders, what is the sustainable sort of margins you're 
seeing in this business, as there are more competitors now? or is this going for marketing efforts? 
What is actually causing this sort of deterioration? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, Mithun, what happens is that when we bid for opportunities, right, depending on the 
opportunity, we have different, different upfront gross margins. So it is not that the cost of 
material has post-facto increased. The cost of material itself is not something that fluctuates as 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
much, as the large opportunities themselves have specific margins that we bid for based on, our 
estimation of where the market is. 
 
So therefore it is not really a function of increase in costs. It is a function of the large 
opportunities and the way we bid, where we believe we can win those opportunities in a 
compatetive manner. And broadly, the reflection in the margins that you see is basically the mix 
of the opportunities we execute. So therefore it is not specifically margin-reducing. It is just a 
mix of opportunities that we have delivered in that quarter that changes our margin vector. 
However, on a blended basis, we continue to expect to track numbers very similar to our previous 
year's annual result. So that way, on a blended basis, we should be relatively tracking the last 
year's number is what our current plan is. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Right, so is it safe to say the larger the orders, the lower the margin? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Not necessary. That's where it becomes a little bit tricky. And therefore, we tend to sort of look 
at it a little bit en bloc. 
Mithun Aswath: 
And if you could just kind of give us a little bit of a larger outlook in terms of how large are 
these opportunities in the US? You talk about Homeland Security. Could this take us to a 
different dimension in terms of size and scale? And are we prepared to even execute those type 
of large orders if we were to get them? 
Ankit Mehta:  
So execution is actually something that we are very well prepared for. We can already do 
cumulatively up to maybe 10,000 drones a year or more. So that's not a challenge in terms of 
execution capacity. 
 
In terms of the opportunity in the US, the market estimate that we had while we were preparing 
to look at the US market opportunity, was at least a 200 million dollar public safety market in 
the US from an opportunity standpoint. So it's a fairly sizable market. And as we establish our 
presence there, any portion of that market opportunity, any substantial portion that we can grab 
over the next couple of years, is going to be substantial for  ideaForge . 
Mithun Aswath: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Trivedi from Nepean Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Trivedi: 
So is the revenue model for the drone as a service model going to be subscription, transactional 
or hybrid? And what would you estimate to be the size of the addresibleopportunities for the 
drone as a service segment? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So the opportunity is going to be hybrid but mostly the baseline revenue will come from 
subscription-based models. And as we add more used cases which have, you can say, piecemeal 
need for flying, those will be the ones that will be on a per-flight basis.  
 
However, in terms of the opportunity itself, drone as a service opportunity from a service 
standpoint itself, is, from our estimates, several thousand crores of opportunity at full 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
penetration. But market penetration will take some more time as far as that opportunity is 
concerned. In fact, it's at its very early days of getting seeded in the market as an opportunity 
with our specific flavor to it. 
 
And of course, like I said, it's not just looking at drone as a service for urban areas, but also 
looking at industrial safety, industrial security elements, etc. Some of our efforts are useful there 
as well. 
Aditya Trivedi:  
Got it. And I think, again, something you've answered already, but since the raw material cost 
has gone from 26% in FY22 as a percentage of revenue, now it's 67%. And like you said, it's 
largely due to the competitive bidding that's taking place. So if you could shed some  light in 
terms of who are the key competitors who, I guess, compete within the same segments, that 
being defense, surveillance, and inspection. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So I think the competitors continue to pretty much remain similar to the people we had indicated 
in our DRHP as well. So, broadly, that same list would be appropriate to track at this point in 
time. 
Aditya Trivedi:  
Got it. And none of the key commodities that, I guess, are inputs in your manufacturing have 
seen any kind of price appreciation? I just wanted to bifurcate what is the contribution in terms 
of commodity prices appreciating as opposed to the competitive intensity? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, I would say that commodity price changes would be broadly within engineering error, if I 
may, as a technology company. So it's mainly the nature of the bids that we make that makes it 
a little bit different. But prices on the commodity side haven't really impacted us significantly in 
that process. 
Aditya Trivedi:  
And what are some of the key commodities that you'll use in the manufacturing of the drone 
itself? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, we obviously buy a lot of electronics. So, of course, during the pandemic and the period that 
followed up, there was an escalation in the cost of electronic components itself. So that is one 
element that definitely saw a lot of variation due to the pandemic and the related supply chain 
challenges.  
 
So we don't really buy commodity-commodity in that one sense because we are largely looking 
at composites, carbon fiber, and some of these advanced composites are what we use for our 
products. We use certain kinds of foams for our product. We use a lot of, aluminum and 
magnesium components. So there are a lot of these structural subsystems that we leverage, but 
those are not used in any meaningful volume to sort of be affected by the commodity pricing as 
far as those elements are concerned. 
Aditya Trivedi:  
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant Patel from Alder Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Hemant Patel: 
Hi. I'm sorry if this question has been asked before, but I just have one question regarding the 
employee cost. I wanted to understand that what is the proportion of capitalization that you've 
done in the employee cost in this quarter and what is typically the accounting policy for 
amortization of the capitalized expense of employee cost? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So I think like Vipul had mentioned earlier in the call that I think, we have accounted for about 
INR 16 crores of intangible assets under development as far as product development is 
concerned. And typically when the development finishes for a specific project, we presently 
amortize it over a period of three years based on the project that we have finished and released 
to the market. 
Vipul Joshi: 
So Hemant, roughly about INR 10 crores of employee cost would have got capitalized in this 
quarter. Okay. 
Hemant Patel: 
All right. That's it from my end. Thank you and wish you all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arunabh Bhattacharjee who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Arunabh Bhattacharjee: 
So I just wanted to ask two questions. The first question is the partnership with Skylark Labs. 
As mentioned in the presentation,   has mentioned some Border Management Solutions. So I 
wanted to know whether we are just a drone provider or do we have any other capability building 
happening as part of the partnership? And the other question I had was with regard to GalaxEye 
solutions. In the recent presentation that you had shared, you had sort of talked about an 
opportunity in the target company. But here we have also mentioned that there is a series  A 
funding.  
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, so as far as the Border Management Solution is concerned, what will happen is that we are 
partnering with Skylark Labs to help us provide capabilities around people detection and some 
of the other specific features that form a small part of the overall product suit that goes to make 
a Border Management Solution. For example, features such as motion detection, features such 
as people detection in the night, features such as doing line of interest following or area search 
operations. Many of these features are native to our platforms that we build ourselves. So as a 
bouquet of these features, a solution gets built for that specific application that makes it very 
seamless for the customer to get their result. So any partnership that we do, the value addition 
to the solution is a mix of the features that we have built, in the product and features that we will 
host from our partners or our partners will host from us that will complete the solution for the 
end customer.  
 
So therefore there is adequate amount of value addition from both the partners as far as that 
opportunity is concerned. And then in terms of GalaxEye, GalaxEye is a business where we 
wanted to ensure that we are able to develop and feed a long standing need of our customers 
where in several previous occasions they have highlighted to us that they need the ability to look 
and penetrate fog and foggy environments because a lot of nefarious activities happen under the 
garb of these bad visual conditions.  

 
 ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
And of course, as you can guess, it is a similar situation when it comes to foliage. If there is 
dense foliage, then people get a lot of cover to do a lot of untoward activities under. And 
therefore, both of these capabilities are something which is what we have invested in and we 
hope to build it together with GalaxEye and take it to the market as an opportunity that can solve 
some of their long standing needs as far as intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance 
missions are concerned. 
Arunabh Bhattacharjee: 
Just one question. Skylark Labs the AI, whatever they are claiming. Is it possible for them to do 
a follow command? I was going through that section basically. Just wanted to know, motion 
detection is fine, but is it possible to do a follow action? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, target tracking is a native capability of our platform. So we are able to provide that 
capability where if you click on a target, the target will get tracked by the drone both by the 
drone controlling its camera as well as the drone moving along with the target to make sure that 
the target remains in the frame and is continuously pursued. So these are autonomous capabilities 
that are native to our platform, which are our own developments. 
Arunabh Bhattacharjee: 
Okay, so this has nothing to do with Skylark Labs. This is native to our platform. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, target tracking is something which is native to our platform. 
Arunabh Bhattacharjee: 
All the best for your future performances. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was our last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Mehta, Chief Executive Officer, for closing comments. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So thank you everyone for attending the call and your very useful questions as well. I hope we 
were able to provide you with relevant updates and resolve your queries. We will keep you 
updated on the progress as we move forward in the year. Wish you all a very fruitful Q2 and 
FY25. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ideaForge  Technology Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
