 
 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited   | Registered Office: Ananta One (AR One), Pride Hotel Lane, Narveer Tanaji Wadi, City Survey No. 1579, 
Shivajinagar Pune - 411005 Maharashtra   |   CIN: U66010PN2016PLC167410   |   IRDAI Reg. No: 158 
 
Website www.godigit.com                 Email Id: hello@godigit.com                           Toll free 1800-258-5956 
  Fax 91 20 6747 5400 
 
 
 
Date: 1st August, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 544179 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: GODIGIT 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 2024 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Para A of Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript 
of the earnings conference call on performance review of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 
2024. 
The above information is being made available on the Company’s website at www.godigit.com. 
Kindly take the above intimation on record.   
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully,  
For Go Digit General Insurance Limited  
 
 
Tejas Saraf 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Tejas 
Ramakant 
Saraf
Digitally signed by 
Tejas Ramakant Saraf 
Date: 2024.08.01 
14:57:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Results Conference Call” 
July 26, 2024 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMESH GOYAL – CHAIRMAN – GO DIGIT 
GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MS. JASLEEN KOHLI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GO DIGIT GENERAL 
INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVI KHETAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GO 
DIGIT GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK SALUNKHE – HEAD OF FINANCIAL 
REPORTING – GO DIGIT GENERAL INSURANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PIYUSH BOTHRA – FINANCIAL ANALYST – GO 
DIGIT GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RUSHAD KAPADIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Go Digit General Insurance Limited Q1 FY’25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
And now, hand the conference over to Mr. Rushad Kapadia. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rushad Kapadia: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. ICICI Securities is delighted to welcome you 
to the Q1 FY’25 Results Conference Call of Go Digit General Insurance Ltd. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to their Chairman, Mr. Kamesh Goyal for 
his initial remarks, post which there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Good evening and thanks for organizing the call, Rushad. I'm here joined by our CEO, Jasleen, 
our CFO, Ravi, our Head of Financial Reporting, Abhishek, and Piyush, who is our Financial 
Analyst and also helps with the investor relations. So before I start, I would request everyone to 
refer to the slide 2 of the deck which we had published yesterday about the disclaimer. 
 
Having said that, we'll quickly go to slide 3. I'll keep referring the page numbers so that everyone 
can also refer to the relevant page. I think as we have been speaking about since our IPO time, 
in Digit we believe in giving as good a customer experience as possible and customers also 
include partners. 
 
We obviously want to empower our distribution partners more and more in terms of service, in 
terms of policy servicing claims and things like that. We also believe in automated and predictive 
underwriting models and this is something which keeps on evolving. From the day we started, 
we have been focusing on big time on the platform and this is also an area which we are 
continuously investing in. 
 
This ultimately is backed by a culture of continuous improvement, driven by a stable and a strong 
management team. Moving on to page 4, the gross return premium for the first quarter of this 
year is INR 2,660 crores. This is collected through more than 30 lakh policies which we sold 
and this is a growth of about 22.2% compared to Q1 of 24. The market share, if you look at the 
definition of the market share here, is about 3.6 in this quarter and more towards about 6%. We 
have almost all kinds of products in the market now, about 5.34 customers and more than 66,000 
distributors. We have now settled more than 21 lakh claims. 
 
On an average, now we are processing on a working day about 3,500 to 4,000 claims a day. 
Assets under management in this quarter have grown to INR17,773 crores. We'll come to that 
as to how this happened in the later slide. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Manual policy strength continues to be low and as I said, we try and believe in giving the good 
customer experience. While our motor and non-motor claims NPS is mentioned here, with more 
than 2.5 lakh reviews given by the customers on social media, we are rated 4.7 out of 5 on 
Google and 4.9 out of 5 on Facebook. Moving on to the next slide, which is slide 5. 
 
This basically gives you the trajectory of the financial numbers of the KPIs since financial year 
21-22. Obviously, the last two columns are only quarter 1 against quarter 2. The net earned 
premium of the company has also increased from INR1,475 to INR1,824 crores. Net retention 
in the quarter is more or less stable at 76%. There is a 0.8% improvement in the combined ratio. 
The profit after taxes increased from INR 58 to INR 101 crores. 
 
I think this is the first time a company in a quarter has achieved a three-digit profit. The ROE, 
which again for both quarters is not annualized, increased from 2.5 to 3.3. What obviously one 
needs to keep in mind is that the net worth of the company has grown substantially, almost INR 
1,300 crores, from INR 2,384 crores to INR 3,698 crores in this quarter. This is due to the 
primary days of capital, which we did in the month of May during the IPO stage. 
 
The solvency margin of the company has now increased to 2.17 against the required regulatory 
requirement of 1.5. As you can see, the solvency ratio of the company is actually the highest it 
has been in the last more than three years. The return on average equity for the quarter 25 is 
obviously on the higher base, the average of starting as of 1st of April and also ending of 30th 
of June. Moving quickly to slide 6, this is more about the premium growth as to how the premium 
is growing. 
 
If you see the slide on the left side or the portion on the left side, you can see that in motor home 
damage we have grown. These are the numbers for the previous years and also the GWP mix. If 
I move to the slide on the portion on the right-hand side where we are comparing the numbers 
only for the first quarter 24 and 25, you can actually see that our growth in GDP and GWP on 
OD was about 27% against market’s 15%. 
 
Growth in TP in this quarter was minus 2% compared to 10% for the industry. In health, travel, 
and PR, growth rate was 52% against industry growth rate of 17%. In this you can actually see 
a note below that in group health insurance or group medical MS referred here for employer-
employee relationship, which is essentially the companies which they take health insurance for 
their own employees, this business has actually de-grown by 2%. 
 
Though this data is not published separately, our sense is that this business would have also 
grown by about 12%-13% for the industry. This is one segment we have de-grown by minus 
2%, but overall essentially driven by personal assets and business. Growth has been 52% against 
17%. 
 
Fire business, we grew by 16%. Sorry, this is a mix. We grew by about 11% compared to the 
growth of the industry of 6%. And others, we grew by 71% compared to the industry's growth 
of 13%. Overall, 22% compared to industry's growth of 13%. I think if you think in terms of 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
mix, et cetera, one real change where motor TP has gone down from the previous quarter 36% 
to about 29% in this quarter while health, travel and PA has grown from 22% to 27%. 
 
And as I said, this is really driven health, travel, and PA. This is despite us de-growing in the 
business of employer employee group health business. Moving to the next slide, this again gives 
you the whole trajectory of the combined ratio movement from FY’22 to now. As you can see, 
that claims ratio has moved up by about 2.4% while the expenses ratio went down by almost 
3.2% giving us that savings of 0.8%. 
 
As I have been saying in the recall also, as I said, we would look at loss ratios more over a period 
of one year and 2%-3% movement in a quarter can always happen. For example, I think if you 
look at the month of May, normally one sees lesser claims in the month of May on the health 
side, but this year the number of claims for the industry we believe for the Digit has been on the 
higher side. While May-June due to school holidays used to normally see a higher number of 
own damage claims, but this year we didn't really see that trend whether it was due to very high 
temperatures in June or otherwise. 
 
It's very difficult to correlate to, but I think it's important, as I said, to look at loss ratios over a 
period of time and expense ratios are also driven by the mix, because commissions are different 
for say corporate business, group health, and crop compared to what the retail commissions are. 
 
Overall in the profit after tax, I think last year, as you know, in Indian accounting we didn't 
achieve the breakeven in year 22, 23. Last EBITDA profit of INR 180 crores and this year a 
profit of INR 110 crores, INR1 crore against 58 in the same quarter in the previous year. Coming 
to slide 9, and here I think I wanted to say that if you look at our overall for financial year 24, 
we actually had a total increase of roughly about INR3,050 crores, out of which INR350 crores 
had come through year 2 capital, which was raised in December, partly and some in March 24, 
and this year there is a growth of roughly again about INR 2,000 crores from March 31, 24 to 
June 24, and out of this INR 2,000 crores, INR 1,065 crores the net proceeds of the IPO and the 
balance of INR 944 crores is coming in from the business. 
 
Looking on the sidebars on the right-hand side on the same slide 8, if you look at you can notice 
that every last three financial years our investment income has been going up. Our portfolio is 
primarily fixed income. In the first quarter 25, we actually booked a loss of INR 19.5 crores. 
During COVID time we had bought some government securities which were becoming due or 
maturing in the next one year. And we decided actually to sell those securities and invest in 
corporate bonds with 3 years to 5 years duration. The economic logic of that is this loss, which 
we booked on this, will actually get more than offset in the next 12 months, and because all these 
securities are maturing in the next 1 years and now we have moved to bonds of INR 3 crores to 
INR 5 crores, this actually will give us the additional Alpha. 
 
If we remove this, then our yield would have been 1.8%. That was the small, I would say, caveat 
I just wanted to put on the investment loss or the capital loss which we had. Moving to slide 9. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
I think this speaks essentially about the asset allocation, and you can actually see that in equity 
our asset allocation has moved from 1.6% to 2.5% in quarter 1. 
 
This additional investment, I would say, typically happened most of it on 4th of June when the 
market had dipped, and as I had mentioned earlier in our analyst call, that with this sort of a 
solvency margin, I think the company has enough room to move asset allocation towards non-
fixed income also. 
 
Other than that, I would say things are stable. Our duration is also similar of 5.1 years, 5.2 years 
range, and the sector-wise exposure is also mentioned on the right-hand side, and all this 
exposure sector-wise is within the guidelines of the investment regulations of the IRDA. Coming 
to the next slide, slide 10, where we are looking at the loss ratios, and here again, as I said, we 
look at it over a period of time. 
 
You can actually see loss ratios in my view are more or less similar to the trend we have seen 
over a period of time. The only thing in loss ratios in fire or engineering or some of that is that 
in the first quarter, the earned premium is a bit lesser, so even a small claim or a medium-sized 
claim can move the numbers. 
 
As I said, loss ratios are broadly similar to the trend what we have seen in the last 9 quarters or 
so, but I would again repeat that we should look at loss ratios over a period of a year. 2, 3 per 
Percentages, points, movement up and down can happen in the business. The last slide is on 
technology, and here again, I would say the left side is more or less the same what was mentioned 
last time. 
 
But in terms of API integration, if you see from 1st April 24 to 30th June 24, we have added 
roughly about 140 more APIs, and as you know, in terms of policy issuance, almost two-thirds 
of the policy issuance are happening through the APIs, and this obviously helps us to scale the 
business better, have better controls, and also, equally importantly, to give better service to our 
distribution partners. 
 
Moving to slide 14, which I think is all of the slides are a repeat of the 31st of March. As you 
know that the last time for the full year we had published our audited results on IFRS also, and 
also done this reconciliation between IGAAP and IFRS. The IGAAP results are obviously of 
limited review by the auditors, while, as I had mentioned in the last call, that IFRS results will 
only get audited at the end of the year, for the full year, and we'll be publishing those IFRS 
results, audited results also. 
 
But this is more a reconciliation, un-audited, of the IFRS results, and here again, under IFRS 17, 
what the discounting impact is, what is deferred tax, deferred acquisition cost, so everything has 
been reconciled between IGAAP as well as on the IFRS side, and you can also see that the net 
worth is different between Indian IGAAP and IFRS. So that's really briefly about the comments. 
We'll be happy to answer any questions that you may have. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Any one who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and one on their telephone and if you wish to remove yourself 
from the question que, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while 
asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen please wait for a moment while the question que 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sacheti Family Office. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Okay, thank you. My question is more on the industry, right? So what do you think is the current 
and possible impact in 5 years to 10 years of a direct-to-consumer player on motor and health 
insurance business? These players have better control on relationship, higher ability to cross sell, 
and better retention rates. Also, the price offered can have huge difference since they don't have 
to pay hefty commissions year after year to the intermediary. So, any view on that, sir? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So, Rishabh, I think I'm giving the view which is my personal view, and need not necessarily be 
Digit's view. I think in the last, say, 8 years, 9 years, 10 years, when you have to build a direct 
brand, and obviously GEICO is a company which really started building this almost 60 years, 
70 years back, you have to get the customers to come now to your website, which basically 
means you have to spend money to build your website, to get the customers to your website or 
the app, and not really go on the other platforms. 
 
Now, when you attract customers, then you have to also, in the next phase, you have to do the 
conversion. Now, customers who typically come in the B2C space, whether on aggregators or 
directly to the insurance companies, either would have some brand affinity, they already have 
some products of the insurance company in place and they're coming, or they would be coming 
because they're price-sensitive. 
 
Now, my experience is, as you said, in other markets also, it's very difficult for any insurance 
company in, say, Motor space, if I give an example, to be competitive, even very large players, 
and more than, you know, even GEICO, I think, has a Motor market share in US of less than 
15%. 
 
So, if you become too competitive in price to increase the conversion ratio, your loss ratios will 
go up, the expenses will go down, and if your conversion is low, then your expenses are very 
high. So, these are actually the things which one has to look at when one is building B2C brand. 
In Digit, we’re completely channel agnostic. 
 
Our philosophy is that we should be there wherever customer wants to come, through any 
channel, and in our direct-to-customer segment, we actually now focus more and more on 
organic visitors, so customers who want to visit our website directly, and that is the philosophy 
is. 
Rishabh Gang: 
No, so due to the direct relationship right, these guys can provide more ancillary and support 
services to customers, also have higher control on the claim cost, and also that they have a better 
retention rate and cross-selling rate. So, what do you think about that, on that business model? 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Rishabh, I don't know enough for me, you know, comment on that in terms of what exactly the 
cross-selling experience etc. is of B2C players, 
Rishabh Gang: 
That’s fine. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
 
So I wouldn't be able to comment on that. 
Rishabh Gang: 
What do you think about the support services, right, or ancillary services which we are able to 
sell because of the direct relationship? Any view on that? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
My view is that I think understanding is that today IRDA regulations prohibit you from selling 
any ancillary services. So, at least from a Digit perspective, we haven't evaluated it because we 
are not supposed to sell anything other than insurance. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Alright, okay. Thank you so much. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Anand from A91 Partners. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
KaushikAnand: 
Hi, Kamesh and team. My question is specifically on Motor TP, which is this quarter will be 
different compared to last year. Is there anything you are seeing in the market which is forcing 
you to pull back on the third parties of the market? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Hi, Kaushik. And I think as you know, in the last 5-6 years, we have focused a lot on the Motor 
TP business and we are a large or a decent-sized player here. The challenge we have seen in 
Motor TP business in the last 3 years is that there's hardly been any price increase. There is 
always a bit of inflation in the TP claims. 
 
And the market in the last 6 months, I would say, has particularly been aggressive on the TP 
market. So, I think during this 6 months, when you look at our numbers from January to March 
and now from April to June, viz in the TP business, we have not been as competitive in the 
market, in that business, which has led to this de-growth in the last 6 months in the TP business. 
 
But as I said, I think this is a business we are really focused on and we continuously will keep 
looking at the opportunities. But if we feel that the business is not profitable, it doesn't make 
sense for us to write it, then we will let it go. And I think that's what is happening in this quarter, 
and as in the last 6 months. 
KaushikAnand: 
Thank you. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thanks Kaushik. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arjun from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Arjun: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, within the NEP competition, our contribution from 
government-held business and crop business has increased, whereas Motor’s contribution has 
come down. Could you please explain on cost basis or on profitability metrics, how government-
held and crop would be? 
 
My guess is that it will be ROE dilutive because of no float and higher core. If you can explain 
what would be the overall proportion that we intend to do for the entire year? How are the 
profitability metrics in this business? It will be helpful. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So, Arjun, as you know, I think we don't really give any forward-looking statement. But what I 
would say is that even in TP business, and I've said this before, or any business, you could be 
writing it at a core of 100, and the ROE could be zero or a bit negative if the commissions are 
high. On the other hand, a business that are combined of 110 can actually give you a positive 
ROE if the acquisition cost from that business is low. 
 
So that's really at a broader level. This government-held business you spoke about, I think this 
we have been doing now for almost three quarters. And so this is not really a business which is 
new. 
 
It is the same business for which I think every quarter we have been getting an instalment, and 
that obviously would be reflected automatically already in the loss ratio. As of now, Arjun, we 
are not declaring every individual line of business ROE separately. So you'll have to excuse me 
from giving very specific numbers on that. 
Arjun: 
Sure, sir. This works. Thanks. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening, sir. Just two questions on my side. First, you know on the health insurance 
side of the business, if you can kindly mention how the overall claims environment is behaving 
in terms of frequency or incidence of claims. Some of your competitors seem to be highlighting 
that the claims incidence has kind of seen a little bit of an uptick during the past few months. 
Second, you mentioned that you know the overall environment on the payout side and the 
competitiveness on the Motor TP business have seen was high for the last few months. 
 
I just wanted to get some sense of whether things have been improving in June or let's say early 
trends in July. How would you read into it? And lastly, in terms of your B2B businesses, which 
is fire or liability, I just wanted to get some understanding of the strategies for this business and 
how should one think of growth prospects for your company in this segment over the next maybe 
12-18 months? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Sure. So I think on the frequency, as I said, that in May, June, or May especially we saw slightly 
higher claims on health and not that cyclical trend we saw in Motor where we didn't really see a 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
higher frequency in May. But we need to keep in mind that I think now there are big climatic 
sort of a changes happening. 
 
I'm not getting into the ESG side of it, but purely from a perspective that in June we saw very 
high temperatures, for example, in India in lot of places. And obviously, May, June, this quarter, 
there was hardly any rain. But if you look at July, just one month, there are lot of places where 
it has just poured one month's rainfall in one single day. So I personally, or we didn’t believe 
that while we should look at a month-on-month and year-by-year sort of a trend. But these are 
things which will change and which are changing quite fast. Overall, I think frequency and 
severity, both numbers lead to the loss ratio. 
 
So from the loss ratio, you can actually see, as I showed you in our slide, but broadly we haven't 
really seen a change. Some one or two lines can go up and some can go down. But we have not, 
I would say, seen anything dramatic as of now, either in terms of things worsening or things 
improving. 
 
Coming on the TP, I would say that July has just started. And I think by the time we get the 
numbers, segment-wise numbers for July for Motor TP for the industry, it is difficult for us to 
judge as to what is really happening. So I would actually wait for the numbers rather than just 
go by what one hears from three, four, or five people. 
 
In case of liability, our focus is on all sorts of liability catering to the corporate customers. I think 
this business has seen a good growth for us in the first quarter. And this is also an area with a 
full corporate marketing team in place and decent capacity in terms of ability to write the 
business. 
 
We'll keep on exploring more and more business. But I think just to repeat that when we look at 
any opportunity, I'll say about two years back in in the year, 22-23, or even 21-22, this business, 
the corporate liability-related business, product liability, D&O, E&O, etc, this business was 
really small for us. But last maybe 12 to 15 months, we have seen a bit of a price increase here. 
And that is where we have started seeing growth. 
So market is dynamic. And I think if we are getting the price which we are comfortable with, 
we'll write this business and it will grow. But if it suddenly becomes very aggressive like what 
we have seen in TP, then we would not write that business. And that is why it becomes almost 
impossible for us to give any kind of a forward guidance because we look at the opportunities, 
the rate, supply and demand situation. And obviously we want to be across all channels in most 
of the lines of business. 
 
But how this will translate in the next quarter is almost impossible for us to predict because we 
don't really work like that from a philosophy perspective. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. So just one last question if I can. How has been the traction in business coming through 
your bank apartments and how are the relationships shaping up? 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So I think in the group business which is health, PA, etc, the group business where we have seen 
decent growth, I would say that since we have de-grown in the corporate employer and employee 
business, in the other business which is non-employer and employee and most of it would come 
through institutional partners like banks and these FCs, etc, that growth is really driven by that 
portion of the business. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Jayant Kharote from Jefferies. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats, Kamesh, on a good set of numbers. Two questions. 
one is on the motor only I would like to pick your brains a little. Can you elaborate on the trends 
in new versus renewals over here? We've seen some competition, seen very strong growth in the 
renewal business over here, especially given that new vehicle sales are moderating. So I would 
like to hear your perspective. And also within that, if you could spell out competitive intensity 
in those. I know it's slightly more granular, but any direction would be helpful over there. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thanks Jayant! So in motor, if you look at the new car sales, might not have grown the way they 
grew last year, but at least there was some growth overall. And so from that perspective, the 
overall business of the new car sales hasn't really changed, hasn't really dropped compared to 
previous year. It might not have grown. 
 
Secondly, I think when you look at somebody like Digit, which is about six years has completed 
into seventh year operation, and the new car sales have really been strong in the last two years, 
prior to that COVID year and prior to that, the lockdown year. So I think, obviously, our renewal 
base is increasing year by year now. So the renewals in absolute amount are definitely increasing. 
 
And then there is the third component, which in the industry is referred to as the rollover business 
in private car, which basically means that these are the renewals of other insurance companies. 
Now, here also, obviously, because last year was so strong in new car sales and prior to that, so 
there is a lot of business which flows, especially in the first year, after year zero when the new 
car is insured, from one company to the other and also from one channel to the other. I would 
say in our case, I think all the three, new cars, renewals, as well as rollover business, are really 
increasing in terms of the volume. 
Jayant Kharote: 
And competitive intensity, new versus renewal? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So I think renewals again, depends upon channel to channel. So if you look at, say, agency as a 
channel, that has really good renewal ratio. In our case, I would say when we look at renewals 
in first quarter, through agency channel, we would have seen similar sort of a renewal ratio 
compared to last year, though on a higher base. 
 
In case of rollover, etc., difficult to give a generic answer because this would also depend upon 
which customer segment we are talking about. Geographies, make, model, all of that also play 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
a role. So, you might feel that I'm trying to evade the question. There is actually no generic 
answer which one can give about our business because the way we see it in Digit is in a very 
granular way. And if I give you a generic answer that, okay, in motor we are growing, which I 
said in renewals and rollovers, there would be some geographies or some make, model where 
we would not have grown. So competition intensity also can be very different geographical-wise 
as well as make, model-wise. 
 
So it's just that I don't know how to answer this question from that perspective. But let's assume 
that the competition intensity is high. Let's assume that. Then it will show every quarter in the 
own damage loss ratios of the company. And the way we see it in Digit is we always look at 
expense ratio plus claims ratio together. So it could also happen in our case, for example, that 
the loss ratio is going up but it is getting compensated on the expense ratio and then vice versa. 
 
And that's why I would say if you're looking at our numbers, you should see it on the combined 
ratio basis. And you should look at all companies' loss ratio. I think only two companies have 
published in us. All the detailed numbers will be up in the next one, one-and-a-half months. And 
if you track this, you'll actually get an idea. Just to give you an example, in 22-23 year, the own 
damage loss ratios for everyone had jumped dramatically because during COVID people were 
driving less and this has been the global experience. I think Google will see that in the UK, motor 
prices are at an all-time high. And then people came back on the road more than what the normal 
was and suddenly own damage loss ratios went up. 
 
And you'll see that also in case of Digit on our claim basis slide. In one of the years, in 21-22, 
that year the motor own damage loss ratio was 74. So, all this will actually start showing on the 
data. We try and look at all the loss ratios of everyone in the industry to try and see what our 
trend is because you might have a feeling which is based on the feedback you are getting from 
others. But it doesn't really tell you what the reality is. 
Jayant Kharote: 
This is very helpful, Kamesh. If I could squeeze in one last question. In the PA, personal accident 
book, is the Banker channel sort of helping you grow so strongly over there? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
That's what I think when I was answering to an earlier question that I basically said that since 
our employer-employee group health business has actually de-grown, the growth is happening 
through the institutional business which is essentially NBFCs, banks, and other similar sort of 
players. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Very helpful. Thanks, and congrats, once again for a good set of numbers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Aditi Joshi from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Aditi here from J.P. Morgan. Two questions from my side. 
Firstly, on the product mix and on the overall product portfolio, I'm just wondering, what's your 
thought process on expanding this product mix or introducing new product categories? 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
Are you thinking of introducing any new product categories because what we have seen in the 
other markets, especially in case of online insurers, let's say some product categories of cyber 
insurance or pet insurance, for instance. So any thoughts on that? And also, because you've 
highlighted that you have very strong tech capabilities on the AI side and the automated claims 
processing, etc. 
 
So just any plans of adding, let's say, a technology export segment to just help other insurers on 
a tech export business segment? And just lastly, on your investment side, I was just wondering, 
in terms of the equity exposure, it's somewhere around 2% level. So why is it low as compared 
to the peers? And do you have any plans on changing your asset allocation mix going forward? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thanks, Aditi. So let me start with investment. If you look at last six years, the way we have 
grown and we needed in our business when we were growing well and especially in the initial 
years because of the iGAAP accounting, your losses are high because you have to up front all 
the acquisition costs. So we needed a lot of capital for the solvency margin perspective itself, 
not from a cash flow. Because cash flow, I think we have been having positive cash flow from 
almost the first or the second quarter since we started. And in investments, if you're investing in 
equity, then any loss in the equity actually goes through a solvency margin. 
 
So our philosophy has been that since we needed all this capital for growth for solvency margin, 
we did not want to take a risk on the equity side because in a down market, you might actually 
have to raise capital if your equity allocation is high. Now I think if you think from a perspective 
of solvency margin in 2017, and I'm just giving some rough numbers, and you have 10% 
investment in equities and the market drops by 20% or 30%, your solvency could drop by 20%, 
25%, you would still be comfortable. 
 
So I think we would definitely be looking at now increasing our allocation towards equity. And 
as I said, this quarter we reinvested roughly about 150, 160 crores in equity because we had an 
opportunity on a particular day. Going forward, we'll keep increasing it, but we don't really have 
a fixed time frame to say that every quarter we'll increase it by 1%, 2%. I think we have a fairly 
experienced investment team and also a board member who is a specialist in investment himself. 
So I think our investment committee and our investment team really would decide as to when 
we increase the equity allocation.  
On the product mix, as I was referring earlier and I'll answer the question on the new category, 
that we don't drive ourselves for a certain sort of a product mix. We don't have any ideal target 
product mix also in mind. In terms of new categories, we are continuously evaluating whether it 
was a government health or it is crop or it is something else as an area. This year we are 
consciously looking at doing something more in the rural areas. 
 
I think the product, the process, all of that is set very early. Not very early times for us, I would 
say, in terms of selling a few policies. But I think if this develops well, maybe after about a year 
or so, I will be happy to talk about this as a category. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
In terms of AI, etc., I think we use AI and I would also use attached analytics to it both in pricing 
as well as on the claims side. And when you look at automating decisions, whether it is in 
underwriting, policy issuance, claims allocations, claim assessment, I think this is something 
which is continuously we have been investing and that the scope of all this has continuously also 
been increasing. I think some of the examples of this we had covered in detail in our RHP. 
 
So if that is of interest to you, the data might be now about 3-4 months or maybe 6-7 months 
dated, but it will actually give you a good idea as to how we are looking at this AI and analytics. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kartikeya Mohata from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kartikeya Mohata: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask one question related to the management 
expenses. So we witnessed a steep decline this quarter in management expenses. Is there any 
one-off in that or will this be a sustainable trajectory in terms of the expenses? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So basically, I think if you look at the entire industry, both actually on the life and the GI side, 
till 2023, the commissions were actually fixed by the regulator. And other acquisition expenses 
were actually going as part of the management expenses. Now I think after this was liberalized 
as of April 1, 2023, you would see this across all companies that a lot of management expenses 
are now moving towards commission. 
 
If you want to have an idea in terms of what the efficiency is on management expenses, my 
suggestion would be that you should actually look at this ADAPT product or a line of business 
level for the last three years where you are looking at management expenses and commission 
together. And then it will give you, I would say, a real good idea about each company. Making 
comparisons at the LOB level can also be a bit difficult at times because if you are writing more 
long-term business, writing more 2 wheeler, 5 plus 5 business, compared to somebody who is 
more focused on CV business, for example, or on private car, 1 plus 3, there also it can make a 
difference. 
 
But for one company, looking at line of business, total expenses over the last three, four years 
will actually give you a good idea about this. But again, just to repeat what I said earlier, in Digit 
we look at overall expenses plus claims ratio together and we don't look at them individually. 
We are okay to have higher expenses if the loss ratio is low and we are also happy to have a 
higher claim ratio and a higher COR if the commission and the expenses are lower because, as 
I said earlier, at 110 you can actually deliver a positive ROE and at a combined of 100 you might 
actually have a negative ROE. So that's really the long answer to your short question. 
Kartikeya Mohata: 
Sure. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahek from Emkay Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Mahek: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So I had this question on personal accident. So you have grown 
significantly during the quarter in this segment. So, do you expect further growth in this 
segment? And secondly, can you share your thoughts on how you would like to grow in the crop 
segment? These are my two questions. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So as I said, I think this quarter what we saw is also a large policy. I think we'll keep looking for 
opportunity, but I won't assume that this is something which will repeat every quarter. So that's 
the answer I can give. 
Mahek: 
I wanted to know your thoughts on how you're looking to grow in the crop segment. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So I would say, Mahek, I think you can actually see what the portfolio has been developing. 
How exactly we intend to grow, etc., that is something I wouldn't really want to discuss because 
everyone has their own philosophy in terms of how you develop different channels or different 
lines of business. So all I can say is that this is a segment where we did a lot of business in year 
18-19, which was our first full year of business. Then the business vanished. Now in a small 
way, significantly still less than what we did in our first year, the business has started again 
picking up. And that is where we are as of now. 
 
And depending upon the rates, depending upon how we see the opportunity, we'll keep exploring 
this segment. We need to just keep this in mind that crop business, especially in India, is highly 
dependent on monsoon. And the results can be very volatile, which is absolutely fine with us. 
But one cannot really take a very long-term sort of a view in a business to say that, no, we'll 
always write this business, this is the minimum we'll write because things change dramatically. 
And the best case in Digit is to actually look at third-party business. 
 
If I remember correctly, in 2021, the third-party premium would have been more than 50% or 
55% of our total business. And now this has almost dropped by half in the last three years. So 
things can change dramatically, especially in our sort of a philosophy in the way we write and 
drive business. But we definitely keep our distribution channels, our operational ability, our 
ability to underwrite, handle claims in every single segment so that if there is an opportunity, we 
can take it. But if there is none, then it's not necessary that we'll write that business. 
Mahek: 
Thank you so much, sir, for this great answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The last question is from Sujit Jain from Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Sujit Jain: 
Yeah, compliments on a good set of numbers. A few one-liners if you can give. If we look at 
our size versus the industry leader who has also reported numbers, these are roughly four times 
our growth rates are similar. So could the growth rate be higher? Improvement in car this time 
has come from expense ratio. So how sustainable this is? 
 
The improvement in expense ratio, Q and Q from 12.8% to 9.6%, how much of that is because 
of leverage and how much of that is because of managing costs better and therefore likely to 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
sustain? And finally, you explained some bit of it in terms of our equity exposure, but yield on 
investment has fallen QoQ from the investment yield from 7.3% to 6.8%, if you can explain that. 
Thank you. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
So, Sujit, the investment if you see, I explained in the slide and also mentioned we booked a 19 
crores loss because we sell some government securities which would be in the next one year and 
booked that loss and replaced them with a three to five year corporate bonds where this 19 crores 
loss will actually get recouped in less than 12 months. And because the duration is longer of the 
bonds compared to the government securities, this will also then be value accretive for the rest 
of the period. If we remove that, then our investment yield has been more or less similar, 7.2 if 
you look at on an annualized basis compared to 7.4 in the previous year. So that's on investment. 
 
I would say, in terms of expense ratios and commission, etc, as I said in Digit, we look at 
combined ratios together, both of expenses and claims ratio. And as I also explained, that 
commissions, if you're writing government business, the crop business might be just 2%, 
management expenses might be another 3%- 4%. 
 
In government health, your overall expenses might just be 5%- 6%. In group health, it might be 
10% including the brokerage, while in motor business or two-wheeler it could be as high as 40% 
commission. So all that is actually a function of the product mix, which you have. 
 
And you can also see in our case that the mix is increasing towards the non-motor side. So this 
would always be a function of the product mix. As for the core management expenses are 
concerned, I think in terms of premium per employee, including outsourced employee, etc, we 
believe that we are doing well on that front compared to others in the industry. And that 
obviously is due to the fact that we invested significantly in the tech upfront and the benefit of 
coming as, as the scale is increasing more and more.  
As for the other players, industry, etc, as I said, everyone has published the numbers and others 
will publish too. And amongst the listed companies you mentioned, they obviously are a very 
good company and we also look at their results with as much enthusiasm as we do ours. 
Sujit Jain: 
So basically, can we grow at a higher rate? Their GWP is four times ours. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
That is true. That's a matter of fact, Sujit. They started in 2001 we started in 2017. And so about 
16 years later, I don't know the numbers correctly, but if you look at the top three, four players 
and then see how many years people took to reach the 9,000 crores, which we reached in our 
60th, compared to what they had, or even from a market share perspective, I would not say that 
we have done amazingly well, but we have done better than almost most companies globally, 
not just in India. 
 
But I take your point that our size is much smaller compared to the largest private player and we 
have a long way to go. I think that point is well taken. 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sujit Jain: 
And one just last question is on health, which is roughly 14%, 15% of our midterm and as an 
absolute number also is smaller. What is our right to win in health? How do you view this 
business and how do you articulate your strategy there? 
Kamesh Goyal: 
The same way we had a right to win in motor TP business earlier, where we became a third 
largest player in our fifth year or in our fifth year of operations. And now we don't have that 
right to win, where we are de-growing. So same way in every single line of business, in fire, for 
example, we have grown more than the industry. 
 
So everywhere you have to keep trying and building some sort of advantage, whether it is in 
underwriting, whether it is in distribution reach. But the way we see this general insurance 
business, is at the end of the day, it's an underwriting business. It basically means you should 
know what you are writing. Then we can retain that business. And if you look at last year, our 
premium retention ratio is the highest in the industry.  
And for every single line of business, if you look at the last three years, overall, I think we 
probably would be the best in class or maybe the second best in class, looking at each year, 
overall portfolio. But even on every single individual line of business, my sense is, and you 
should double check, we should be in the top quartile. So according to us and our philosophy, 
the right to win only comes from your ability to underwrite the risk and retain the risk. And that 
is where we keep striving towards building our capabilities. 
Sujit Jain: 
Sure, all the best. Thank you. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining. Look forward to you joining in our next quarterly call 
again. Thank you so much. Bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
