                    
  
 
                                                                 NTPC Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 (A Government of India Enterprise) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      CORPORATE CENTRE 
Registered Office: NTPC Bhawan, SCOPE Complex, 7, Institutional Area. Lodi Road, New Delhi-110003 
Corporate Identification Number: L40101DL1975GOI007966, Telephone No.-01124387333, Fax: 011-24361018, E-mail: isd@ntpc.co.in  
Website: www.ntpc.co.in 
 
 
 
 
Ref. No.:01/ FA/ISD/Compliance/2024-25  
                                                          Dated: 02.08.2024 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code - NTPC 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited, Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code - 532555 
 
Sub: Transcript of Annual Analysts & Investors Meet held on 29 July 2024  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, this is to 
inform that Annual Analysts & Investors Meet of the Company was held on 29 July 2024.  
 
Transcript of the above-mentioned Meet is attached herewith and can also be accessed at: 
https://www.ntpc.co.in/investor-updates/transcripts 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
 
(Aditya Dar) 
Executive Director (Finance)  
ADITYA 
DAR
Digitally signed 
by ADITYA DAR 
Date: 2024.08.02 
14:36:10 +05'30'

1 of 22 | P a g e 
 
 
Transcript of 20th Annual Analysts and Investors Meet held on 29 July 2024 
 
ED (Finance): 
Ladies and gentlemen, it is my privilege to welcome you all for 
the 20th Annual Analysts and Investors Meet of NTPC Limited. 
Our Company, under the visionary leadership of our CMD and 
the Board of Directors, has stepped up with the expectations of 
our stakeholders and has reported multifold progress in our 
operation and financial performance. But what can we do 
further to realize more value for our shareholders?  
 
                                    To discuss this, today, we have the Board of Directors with us, 
led by our Chairman and Managing Director, Shri Gurdeep 
Singh Ji, who has an illustrious career spanning over three 
and a half decades in the Power sector. He started his career 
in 1987 with NTPC and has worked his way through both 
public and private sectors. His wide-ranging experience, 
entailing all aspects of power sector in different organizations 
and cross-cultural environment has provided him with the 
unique ability to deal with intricate and complex issues of the 
sector. He has positioned NTPC at the forefront of energy 
landscape and has started many initiatives to transform NTPC 
from merely a thermal power generating company to a 
sustainable integrated energy company. 
 
                                    On his right is Shri Jaikumar Srinivasan, our Director 
(Finance), who has three decades of illustrious career 
spanning power and mining sectors in the field of Finance, 
Accounts, Taxation, Commercial, Electricity regulations, 
Renewables, IT and Project Development, etc.    Shri    
Srinivasan    also    looks    after the Commercial function in 
NTPC and currently holds the additional charge of Director 
(HR). The Company has sustained its profitability and has 
exceeded the street expectations in the last year under his 
dynamic leadership. His relentless efforts and dynamism have 
resulted in further consolidation of our financial and 
commercial position. 
 
                                    On the right of Director (Finance) is Shri K S Sundaram, our 
Director (Projects), who joined NTPC as an executive trainee 
in 1988 and has more than 35 years of diverse and versatile 
experience in projects, as well as commissioning stages of 
greenfield and brownfield power projects. He also has 
experience in operating and maintaining a vast fleet of power 
stations. Shri Sundaram was actively involved in the 
development of first Super Critical Power Project of NTPC at 
Sipat. He is a professional with both corporate and site 

 
2 of 22 | P a g e 
 
experience, people-oriented approach, knowledge and 
experience of the entire power sector and works towards the 
speedy implementation of projects. 
 
                                    On the left of CMD is Shri Shivam Srivastava, our Director 
(Fuel), who joined NTPC in 1988. He also has about 35 years 
of experience with outstanding contribution in areas of fuel 
handling, fuel management, safety, plant operation and 
maintenance and in coal mining projects. He has been 
instrumental in ensuring fuel security and building self-
reliance in coal supply to power projects of NTPC. As Director 
(Fuel), he is responsible for ensuring fuel availability and 
security for generating stations along with development and 
safe operations of the captive coal mines of NTPC. 
 
                                    On the left of Director (Fuel), we have Shri Ravindra Kumar, 
our Director (Operations), who joined NTPC as an executive 
trainee in 1989 and has more than 34 years of diverse 
experience in Commissioning, O&M, Engineering and Project 
Management. He was actively involved in development of first 
Supercritical Power Project of Bangladesh, India Friendship 
Power Company Limited. He is a professional with both 
corporate and site experience, people centric approach and 
experience in the entire power sector. 
 
                                    With that backdrop, I would now request CMD to begin with 
his opening remarks and set the tone of this meeting. Thank 
you, Sir. 
 
CMD:                        Thank you, So, welcome to this 20th Meet. I think we had 
advanced this by two days. Normally, it used to be on 1st of 
August. We had the last Board Meeting on Saturday so, that's 
the reason without waiting for 1st of the August, we are here 
with you. So, as Mr. Dar just mentioned that we had been trying 
to improve on all fronts, whether it is operational, financial and 
now, all of you will be knowing that the power situation across 
the globe, energy requirement across the globe is on the rising 
trend. And we are, as a country, I think we are on the forefront 
of that. And we are registering, I think, one of the highest 
demand growth globally. And when it comes to meeting the 
power requirement as the leading power company as we are 
meeting almost one fourth of the total supply to the country. So, 
we had challenging time to arrange to meet the sudden surge 
in 2021 post-COVID. And thereafter, as you will be knowing 
that even during the last summer when we were having some 
apprehensions, we had been able to manage without any 
problem. This provides the unique situation that the demand 
growth is continuing and that is providing enough opportunities 
for the growth to the Company. And as you will be knowing that 
Government of India, Ministry of Power, they review and it is 

 
3 of 22 | P a g e 
 
decided that in addition to the renewable energy, we will require 
some of the thermal capacity also and that will be to the tune 
of around 80 gigawatt. And out of that 80 gigawatt, NTPC will 
invest in 26 gigawatt. Out of this 26 gigawatt, as of today, we 
are having almost 9.5 gigawatt under construction. Around 8 
gigawatt is in the tendering process. And rest of the capacity, 
we intend to award by the time when we are going to meet next 
year at this place. So, by the time, we are meeting again, we 
will be having 26 gigawatt under construction. Out of that 26 
gigawatts, there will be some capacity, which will be 
commissioned - around 2 to 2.5 gigawatt will be commissioned. 
So, it's approximately 24 gigawatt on the thermal side that will 
be under construction at that point of time. That is what our plan 
is. In addition to that, we will be having our ongoing renewable 
energy plan what we had already shared. And let me take some 
kind of caution here that whatever we have declared on the 
renewable side about our IPO. So, I'll not be discussing 
anything on that front. We will be sharing with you in the next 
couple of months. And there will be a detailed discussion on 
that once the right time is coming on that.  In the recent budget, 
you would have observed that there are two things, important 
things, which have come. I'm sure that there will be questions 
on that. One is advanced ultra-supercritical along with BHEL in 
a joint venture as a development project. And the other one, 
the most important, is the developments which are going to 
happen in the nuclear power, nuclear energy. We had been 
working on the nuclear. Our first nuclear power project in Mahi 
Banswara in Rajasthan is likely to take the activities of 
groundbreaking in next two months. That is, as you know, that 
is joint venture with NPCIL. NPCIL is the lead partner; 51, we 
are 49. But I'm happy to share with all of you that we have 
already decided to make NTPC Nuclear Power Company, 
which will be 100% subsidiary of NTPC. And we are looking 
forward for different sites in different states. And we would like 
to replicate the kind of success what our team has been able 
to demonstrate in case of thermal; the similar kind of success 
in the nuclear, which will be providing the base load power over 
the coming decades. We are working on the decarbonization 
or reducing the carbon footprint in many ways, we will share. I 
think, there will be a detailed presentation, which Director 
(Finance) will be covering. But just I wanted to give you some 
kind of overview in this. I would not like to get into the numbers 
at this stage, because Director (Finance) will be, as I just 
mentioned, will be going through the details and then we will 
have time to discuss. A few things, salient points, as you will be 
knowing that we had been able to realize our dues from the 
distribution companies. LPSC is helping almost every 
generator now. But we had been able to do that before this and 
we continue to realize our all billing. Rating agency, Fitch has 
raised NTPC stand-alone credit profile to bbb from bbb-. And 

 
4 of 22 | P a g e 
 
as you know that our credit rating is at par with sovereign. In 
fact, this stand-alone profile can be termed as a notch better. 
But as we can understand that this is now as per our sovereign 
ratings. All of you would be knowing that from 1st of April, the 
new CERC norms for the next 5 years have come in effect. And 
I'm sure that all of you would be reasonably satisfied. But I 
think, there should be a reasonable satisfaction to each and 
every one, who is closely following the sector. This is a forward 
looking, reassuring  (regulations) and   will   be   able   to   help   
to   maintain our profitability and cash flows for our very 
ambitious capacity addition program, while maintaining the 
dividend, because I'm interacting with the investors and the 
analysts. So, the dividend is the important part along with the 
growth. So, both of them will be taken care. On the coal 
situation, which has been a concern most of the time. At this 
point of time, let me share with you that as a country, as a 
company, we are having approximately 20 days stock. And our 
coal production last year, it was around 35 million tons; this 
year, we expect to cross 40 million tons. In addition to that, let 
me share something, which should be of quite good interest to 
almost everyone that now there is some production has started 
from the commercial coal mines. And we are going to source 
some of the coal from the commercial mine through an open 
and transparent bidding process, so that should reduce and 
ultimately eliminate the requirement of the imported coal. So 
that’s another important aspect, which I wanted to note. New 
projects, as I just mentioned that we had already awarded 
some of the projects. The tendering process is going on. And 
maybe, I think then in next one year, we should be able to 
award the rest of the capacity to reach to the 26 gigawatt. So, 
I don't want to just get into the stock side, which is, again, I think 
you people are aware and you are following whatever I can 
follow. PLF, I think we are almost now touching 80, which is 
quite a good news that there is enough demand. Last, we had 
added 3,924 megawatt capacity. And today, we are 76 plus. By 
the time, we are meeting next year, it should be 80 plus, if not 
more. Another important thing, which I must share here that our 
subsidiary company, THDC is likely to commission in next 
fortnight, the much-awaited pumped storage project that is a 
1,000 megawatt. So, the pump storage is also being talked 
about. So, we will be able to commission that, which has been 
going on for quite some time. But we will be able to commission 
that in next fortnight. The work is going on the full swing on that. 
On the ESG side, through our practices, through our initiatives, 
both on the measures and the impact of the CSR, NTPC's ESG 
score has been upgraded by two levels. And we had come to 
at present to C rating in '23. Our actions will continue to further 
improve on this. To create additional carbon sink, we have 
planted more than 1 million trees in the last fiscal year. 
Additionally, we are undertaking the Green Credit Program of 

 
5 of 22 | P a g e 
 
Government of India for the eco-restoration of the degraded 
forest land on the voluntary basis. The CSR initiatives in the 
different areas are continuing, including our flagship program 
of Girl Empowerment Mission, as well as sponsoring archery. 
We all know that we have adopted archery as one of the sports, 
which has been performing quite well. Thus, we are quite 
happy to be associated with archery. Our commitment towards 
the high standard of the corporate governance is recognised by 
the Gold Award for the Annual Report at the Corporate 
Governance Disclosures Competition 2022, recognised by 
South Asian Federation of Accountants. Additionally, the 
company's internal audit department was honored with the 
Internal Auditors of the Year award at Fifth Audit and the Risk 
Summit Award. NTPC was awarded with the Best CFO award 
by ET. So, we can congratulate the CFO and Director 
(Finance). And I would like to share one more, which is quite 
prestigious that seventh time, we have received ATD BEST 
Award, which is international award, which showcases our 
excellence in the talent development, NTPC is also certified as 
the Top Employer 2024 in India by Brandon Hall Group. So, we 
had been putting our all efforts in all sides and we are working 
towards the brighter future.  
 
Before I start, before I rather request Director (Finance) to 
make the presentation, I did mention about the nuclear thing. I 
did mention about the coal side and the renewable side. 
Renewable means I think most of the time, we take it as solar 
and wind, and storage. I think that is the most important thing, 
solar, wind plus storage. Our two companies, the subsidiary 
companies, NEEPCO and THDC, both are undertaking hydro 
projects. You will be knowing even NEEPCO in the North 
Eastern part, in Arunachal, we are starting three new hydro 
projects namely Tato-I, Tato-II and Heo in this year itself and 
another project by next year. So, with the total capacity for 
NEEPCO will be 2,626 megawatt for the new hydro projects. 
Similarly, THDC is also undertaking new projects in addition to 
what is at their hand. So, put all together, there is a huge 
amount of new capacity addition, which we are undertaking and 
we have at our hand new projects, as soon as possible. So, our 
CAPEX projections by 2032, what we had been saying in some 
of our business plan as per that, today if you start calculating, 
it will be approximately ₹7 lakh crore. We are creating a future-
ready workforce through our reskilling, redeploying and hiring 
talent to meet the evolving business needs. With this, let me 
take a pause here with my initial comments and request 
Director (Finance) to make the presentation and then we can 
take up the further questions. Thank you. 
 

 
6 of 22 | P a g e 
 
Director (Finance): 
Thank you, Sir. Good evening and welcome again. In our 
presentation, I would broadly give you an overview of NTPC 
and then delve into the following key points, which are the key 
factors and imperatives driving our growth, our strategies and 
roadmap for energy transition, focusing on energy security and 
sustainability, excellence in operations and project execution, 
coupled with strong financial performance. NTPC, the largest 
power generator in the country is the mainstay in meeting the 
nation's energy needs and driving economic growth. 
Recognizing the emerging energy trends and opportunities, our 
vision is to become the leading player in the global energy 
landscape. We will achieve our vision by adhering to our core 
values, which are Integrity, Customer Focus, Organizational 
Pride, Mutual Trust and Respect, Innovation and Learning and 
Total Quality and Safety. As you can see, we have a pan-India 
presence, which helps us to mitigate several operational risks 
associated with operating within a limited geography. With an 
installed capacity of 76 gigawatt, NTPC Group generates 24% 
of the nation's electricity with a 17% share of installed capacity 
today. Our added strength being the proximity of our power 
stations to coal mines, resulting in lower energy charges and 
competitiveness. India's GDP is expected to continue growing 
at a robust pace in foreseeable future. And the energy demand 
is expected to move in tandem as projected by the CEA. Fast 
urbanization, India's demographic strength, rapid strides 
towards becoming a global manufacturing hub and 100% 
access to electricity achieved in the country; all this will drive 
substantial growth in the sector. The energy requirement is set 
to grow from 1,626 billion units to 2,474 billion units by financial 
year ‘32, and further on to 3,776 billion units in the financial year 
'42. Peak demand on the other hand presently at around 243 
GW will reach to 366 GW by financial year '32 with a CAGR of 
5.25%.  Even this estimate is slated to be revised upwards with 
peak demand already touching 250 gigawatt in the current 
year. The annual per capita electricity consumption, which is 
some kind of indicator of the development, presently at 1,300 
units is expected to touch a level of 3,000 units by Financial 
Year 2040. Above drivers set the stage for the power sector in 
India to thrive. And NTPC is fully geared to seize the huge 
opportunity that India growth story offers. Our corporate plan 
outlines a clear growth path, aiming to become a 130-plus 
gigawatt company by 2032, of which 60 gigawatt plus will be 
added as RE capacity. Four gigawatt of commercial capacity 
was added in financial year '24. Close to 21-gigawatt capacity 
is currently under construction and further 26 gigawatt is in 
advanced pre-construction stage. We are consistent in 
operational excellence, much above all India average in terms 
of availability factor and PLF. Financial year '24 saw our highest 
ever generation, profit and revenue realization. With a clear 
focus on ESG, we are consistently progressing on all defined 

 
7 of 22 | P a g e 
 
KPIs. Coming to our key growth pointers. NTPC's size and 
capabilities forms a major strength, which will drive the 
Company's growth engine to achieve its ambitious goal of 
becoming a 130-GW plus company by 2032. You can see the 
fuel mix, coal technology mix and how much of that is coming 
directly from NTPC and the Subsidiaries & JVs. Furthermore, 
the geographical spread of the projects across the country 
helps in reducing the overall execution risk for us. So, there is 
a clear visibility of growth with various projects already under 
advanced stage of execution, 7 gigawatt of conventional and 
16 gigawatt of renewable energy capacity is expected to be 
added in the next three years. We have awarded 4.5 gigawatt 
thermal capacity in the last two years and expect to award 
another 15.2 gigawatt in the next two fiscal years. Through 
ramping up of our captive coal production, we aim to produce 
25% of our own requirement by Financial Year ‘30, ensuring 
better fuel security for the Group as a whole. Our commitment 
to environment will be evident in our huge investment in flue 
gas desulphurization units in all of our coal-based plants. FGD 
has been commissioned in thermal units of 13-gigawatt 
capacity and will be commissioned in balance 54-gigawatt over 
the next three years. Our hydro subsidiaries, NEEPCO and 
THDC are also ramping up their CAPEX and are expected to 
execute 12 gigawatt of non-fossil based capacity at an 
estimated cost of around ₹75000 crore by FY30. NTPC’s 
multiple revenue streams is set to grow steadily fueled by the 
substantial capacity addition undertaken. Similarly, we expect 
our regulated equity to grow at a double-digit rate in near term, 
driven by projects already under implementation. Under the 
guidance of an experienced and focused leadership team, we 
are confident in our ability to deliver up to expectations of our 
stakeholders. Now we turn to our strategies towards leading 
energy transition and energy security. Our vision for 2032 is to 
broad base our energy portfolio and to transform into a  
diversified energy major with the portfolios of clean, green and 
affordable power with presence across the value chain. The 
culmination of all these strategies will significantly broaden our 
revenue streams. As we work towards a carbon neutral 
economy, we envision an integrated energy spectrum 
comprising renewables, nuclear power, green hydrogen and 
chemicals, green mobility, energy storage and waste to energy 
initiatives keeping low emission thermal power generation at 
the core maximising the use of low carbon fuels, biomass and 
adopting carbon capture and utilisation through our following 
endeavors, which is the commissioning of first green hydrogen 
blending into Piped Natural Gas project and building the pilot 
projects for synthesizing green methanol and also setting up 
the first green hydrogen mobility project at Ladakh. We have 
also entered into an MoU with Indian Army for setting up green 
hydrogen projects in its establishments. We have also signed 

 
8 of 22 | P a g e 
 
various agreements and MOUs for developing green chemical 
and green fuel. Our group is also setting up a green hydrogen 
hub near Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh. Thus, we are 
committed in our approach towards developing the entire green 
ecosystem moving towards the net zero. Inspired by the 
circular economy, we are focused on eco-conscious power 
generation, integrating wide spectrum of energy value chain as 
depicted on the screen. We are consistently reducing our fresh 
water requirement by utilizing alternate water sources such as 
wastewater, rainwater and desalinated seawater. We are 
reducing carbon footprints by maximising usage of biomass 
and other green fuel in our thermal plants. We are continuously 
upgrading technology in mining and power generation with 
increased operational efficiency. Our thermal plants are getting 
increasingly resilient for greater RE integration through 
flexibilization. We are also actively working towards utilisation 
of entire fly ash generated for various infrastructure building 
activities. Sustainability has emerged as both an imperative 
and challenge for global energy companies, balancing the huge 
energy demand with environmental concerns. NTPC has 
formulated a comprehensive sustainability strategy called 
Brighter Plan that includes well-defined KPIs and targets. To 
further our commitment to sustainability, we are actively 
working on achieving net zero in our townships by next fiscal. 
We have avoided 58.5 million tons of CO2 emission in the last 
five years. Through our concerted efforts and firm commitment 
to sustainability, NTPC will be serving as a model for 
responsible and cleaner energy production. We have been 
steadfast in our commitment to corporate social responsibility 
by continuously allocating 2% or more of our net profit towards 
CSR activities since many years. During FY24, the company 
spent a sum of ₹255 crore towards various CSR initiatives with 
focus on health, sanitation, safe drinking water and education, 
etc. Within CSR, the company has a special focus on girl 
empowerment, striving to empower girls in the project vicinities 
and make them self-reliant and confident in all aspects of life. 
Select set of girls are also being provided with free education 
up to the Class 12th level. Furthermore, NTPC is contributing to 
the development of archery sports, as mentioned by CMD, from 
the grassroot level by providing support to the Archery 
Association of India. Through its CSR initiatives, NTPC has 
made significant impact on the lives of approximately 16 lakh 
people, positively influencing human development in remote 
locations. Now, moving to the operational aspects. NTPC's 
operational efficiency over the years have been consistent 
through best maintenance practices. We have achieved 
highest ever group generation of 422 billion units in the FY24 
with a growth of 6% over the last year while maintaining 
consistent lead over all India PLF. Growth in generation 
continues with 10% increase in Q1FY25 to 114 billion units. 

 
9 of 22 | P a g e 
 
Robust payment security mechanism has proven highly 
effective in ensuring timely and reliable payments from 
customers and control on managing trade receivables. Strong 
payment trend continues with realization of trade receivables in 
31 days as against the norm of 45 days. We have signed long-
term fuel supply agreements with both CIL and SCCL for 
reliable supply of coal. We also source coal through bridge 
linkages, captive mines and e-auctions, further diversifying our 
sources of coal procurement. Imports are also resorted to 
sparingly if necessary. Negotiating single ACQ from CIL has 
led to optimum utilisation of coal and better stock management 
at our power plants. We have achieved assured coal supply of 
92% Annual Contracted Quantity during FY24. Coming to coal 
mining. Our coal mining group has an impressive asset 
portfolio, comprising of eight coal mines with peak mining 
capacity of 86 million tons per annum. The company has 
demonstrated remarkable growth in coal production, producing 
34 million tons of coal in FY24, which represents a steep 48% 
year-on-year growth. Looking ahead, we have planned to fulfill 
a minimum of 25% of our coal requirement through captive 
mines by FY30 for fuel security, also supplementing some of 
this through the commercial mines that we are developing. In 
addition to the above, Amelia mine owned by THDC having a 
peak mining capacity of 5.6 MTPA will also be added thus 
taking the total group peak mining capacity to 91.6 million ton 
per annum. On the new business development front, in 
response to dynamic times and moving towards our 
diversification goals, we are actively pursuing new business 
opportunity both domestically and globally. We have ventured 
into nuclear power with 2.8 gigawatt capacity project under 
active consideration for award in Rajasthan. We are also 
exploring small modular reactor nuclear technology, which 
showcases our commitment to innovation. We marked our 
international presence by commissioning our first overseas 
thermal power plant in Bangladesh of 1,320 megawatt. Further, 
we are developing a 50-megawatt extendable to 120-megawatt 
solar power project in Sri Lanka. We have also been appointed 
as project management consultant for several solar projects in 
Latin America and Africa. NTPC has a People First approach 
towards employees. We believe in continuous development of 
our employees and provide comprehensive training to 
employees on technological advances and latest operation and 
management practices. Our key employee performance 
metrics like sales per employee, value-added per employee, 
profit per employee and man megawatt ratio have shown 
consistent improvements. NTPC continues to win all round 
laurels in various fields of operations, corporate governance, 
internal audit, quality, HR, CSR, safety etc. NTPC takes pride 
in its work culture of high trust and high performance.  

 
10 of 22 | P a g e 
 
Moving to the financials. NTPC's financial performance, as you 
can see, has been remarkable, exhibiting sustained growth and 
robust profit levels over the years. In FY24, the company 
achieved its highest ever profit of ₹18,079 crore, showcasing 
our strong financial management and operational efficiency. 
The momentum has continued into FY25 as well with company 
posting strong financial results for Q1FY25. The profit after tax 
for Q1FY25 stood at ₹4,511 crore, reflecting a substantial 11% 
growth, compared to the Q1 of the last year. Our consolidated 
financials have also exhibited consistent growth driven by a 
strategic investment in value accretive joint ventures and 
subsidiaries. Group's performance in FY24 saw significant 
growth with a remarkable increase of 25% in the group profit. 
The group's EBITDA also experienced a double-digit growth, 
signifying our ability to generate strong operational earnings 
and manage our financials efficiently. Our balance sheet size 
have been growing bigger and stronger, demonstrating the 
company's financial stability and strength. Our gross fixed 
assets have increased consistently and simultaneously, the 
CWIP has decreased, thus resulting in better returns on our 
assets. Our strength in contracting cheaper debt ensures low 
tariff for regulated business and competitiveness in RE 
business. NTPC has been consistent in dividend payout over 
past three decades, thereby balancing dividend yield and 
plough back for capacity growth. In conclusion, as a leading 
power generating company, we are well positioned to grow 
significantly along with nation's growth and development. With 
this, I end my presentation and thank you all for your attention. 
Thank you so much. 
ED (Finance): 
Thank you, Sir, for the concise and enlightening presentation.  
I now invite the participants to interact with the management 
for next 45 minutes by raising their hands and announcing 
their name and the organization that they represent before 
asking the question. I also request the participants to please 
limit their queries to two. Thank you.    
 
Mohit Kumar: 
  Good evening, Sir. I'm Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. My 
first question is, we are setting up 26-gigawatt new thermal 
projects. My question is, is it fair to say the entire portfolio will 
be on cost plus? And the related question is that do you see 
any challenges to set up this capacity since the EPC vendors, 
I think, were not active for such a long time. How difficult it is 
to, let's say, get up the entire value chain to set up this capacity 
in time? That's the first question. Second is, Sir, what is your 
aspiration for setting up nuclear capacity on your own? And 
any comment on the smaller modular reactor will be very 
helpful. Thank you. 
 
 

 
11 of 22 | P a g e 
 
CMD:                        Mohit, thanks for this question. I think this should really help 
to explain many of the other questions, which are arising in 
the minds of most of the people present here. So, the first 
question is first that is it going to be the cost plus? Is it going 
to be regulated? Answer is yes and a strong yes. We are not 
taking any merchant capacity on the coal fired plant. So, total 
capacity of 26 gigawatt. We are taking the investment decision 
only after ensuring that all the inputs and enabling contracts 
are in place, including the power purchase agreement, which 
is on regulated returns basis. So, I think that is as crystal clear 
as it can be. Now, the capability to execute, this is one of the 
area of concern. But at the same time, let me, I think, explain 
to you that we are the first mover in this. Out of the 80 
gigawatt, we are going to have 26 gigawatt. We have either 
already awarded or we have received the bids or the bids are 
going on at present. So, in all likelihood, we will be able to 
award first and try to take the kind of capability in the country 
through our different vendors and the service providers, 
including BHEL, that they should take up these projects before 
any other projects. So, I think, you are right in having some 
concern on that, but we are mitigating the risk in many ways. 
And at the same time, we are trying to develop and we are 
working with BHEL also. I personally keep following up at the 
Ministry of Power, as well as Ministry of Heavy Industries to 
develop more and more vendors. And at the later part of the 
year, we are also looking at if there we can develop some of 
the additional vendors into this. But yes, that is a factual 
situation and we are quite confident that we will be mitigating 
and Director (Projects) and his team is completely geared up 
on that. Yeah. And we keep trying about whether we have to 
give the total 10 GW or whether we have to give the BTG or 
then tomorrow with more vendors. So, we'll go on assessing 
the situation as it goes along. And we have quite a good, 
experienced team. And on the talent side, we are specifically 
recruited also for the project management and some of the 
talent, which is available in the country itself. I think we are 
going ahead around with 250 new experienced people they 
have from the sector, who had been working in the different 
parts. So, we are trying to develop all kind of strategies and 
implementing that through the different steps. On the 
aspiration for the nuclear and SMR, I think this is much bigger 
and wider scope. But let me try to attempt to give you as much 
as I can share with you in a few words. Mahi Banswara is 
going to be in the joint venture. So, that's the kind of first. The 
next one is that, as I just mentioned in my opening statement, 
that we are looking forward for the sites in the different states. 
It includes Gujarat. It includes Tamil Nadu. It includes 
Chhattisgarh, Odisha and Karnataka. So, we are in talks with 
almost many states. As you will be knowing that this is not like 
the thermal plant or the renewable plant, that you can put 

 
12 of 22 | P a g e 
 
wherever. The site has to be approved by the AERB. So, there 
is much more than a time it takes and it's difficult. We already 
have the team in place, which is headed by Executive 
Director. Incidentally, Mr. Pal is here. He is probably at the end 
of this (gathering). So maybe, I think, you can spend some 
time after this round of discussion. And what we believe that I 
think, I mentioned  that we would like to repeat the same kind 
of success story what we had been able to do in case of coal 
based or the thermal power stations. So, let's not try to put the 
numbers. But it's not going to be 2 gigawatt or 5 gigawatt, but 
it is going to be tens of gigawatt. It cannot limit on that. And 
this is going to be lumpy investment and again, this is going to 
be the regulated and cost plus. So, this is the response at  this 
stage. Let's see then, I think, the next time, we will be having 
better clarity that where we have reached. On the SMR side, 
you would have seen some of the budget announcements that 
this is BSR, that Bharat Small Reactors. So, this is 220. I think 
the idea is to have some modifications, and so that you can 
control the risk and your exclusive zone or the safety zone can 
be reduced. As of now, it stands about 1 kilometer radius. If it 
can come down to, let's say, 500 meters, that means it is one 
fourth of the area which is there. So, there are lot many work 
which are going on. But at this stage you can just take it 
granted that already I think the things have started happening. 
It has taken some time. But now, the things are in place. The 
Government is pushing towards this initiative now and we will 
be the one of the company, who will be really taking a major 
part of this as we had taken in the case of thermal. I hope that 
satisfies you. 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
CMD: 
Thank you. Okay. Let's go to that side first. Go ahead.  
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, I am Renjith from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. Sir, is 
it the right time to go for the renewable IPO? Because we 
believe that NTPC has a very strong balance sheet. And 
leveraging on that, we can get cost of debt at the lowest rate. 
And because of this green venture also, a lot of these ESG 
questions get answered that we will be moving towards green 
in the future. But if you move this with the IPO, you are moving 
it into a different entity. So, the current entity’s ESG rating 
won't it get impacted. And the balance sheet, which we are 
now able to support for raising funds, once it's an IPO, it's a 
different entity. So, how will you do that? 
 
CMD: 
Once it is IPO, it's a different entity. 
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So, you mean, say, even if it's a post-IPO also, we can use  
our balance sheet strength to get the best cost of funds? 

 
13 of 22 | P a g e 
 
 
CMD:                         I think let's hear the Director (Finance), who will be able to. But  
I think we had requested to help us not to ask too many 
questions on the renewable at this stage. I think that was the 
request, which was made. 
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Yeah. No. I'm just questioning the timing of the IPO. 
 
CMD:                           So, you are saying that don't go for IPO, which we have taken 
a note of it. Yeah. Yeah. What I'm saying is we have taken a 
note of it. See, I think there is a shareholder for every 
Company. And there is expectation of the shareholder and 
there are some policies and guidelines from the shareholder.  
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. Okay. Got your point. Got your point. Yeah. I think that 
should suffice. 
 
Director (Finance): 
This question has come despite our pre-emptive statement.  
So, suffice to say that all this discussion we will have it and 
address these doubts at the appropriate time. So, I would 
request the same with others also.  
 
CMD:                     Only other point indirectly, I would like to just share that have 
confidence. We had been taking the right decisions. 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Thank you. Puneet from HSBC. My first question is with 
respect to the upcoming projects. Are you facing any 
resistance from DISCOMs in ratifying the PPAs that you had 
signed earlier? And also, if you can talk about what kind of 
energy cost and project cost, you're seeing in the upcoming 
projects? 
 
CMD:                        First part answer is no. There are many, who want and have 
a kind of very good interest from us. There are one or two 
states, who still feel that they will be self-sufficient. They may 
not be able willing to come forward. But then there are many 
others, who are ready to substitute and there are some 
smarter states, who are saying that if somebody is giving up, 
I'm there. Okay? So, we should not have then a much 
problem. But as I said, we take the investment decision after 
ensuring 
everything, 
including 
the 
power 
purchase 
agreement. Okay? Till date, whatever we are either awarded 
or the bids are running  and we will try to see that the 26 
gigawatt is going to be Brownfield expansion, not the 
greenfield. If at all we are required to do more than 26, then 
we will review our decision. About the Brownfield, which is 
already at the existing location, which is developed site, the 
cost is coming somewhere between ₹10 and ₹11 crore per 
MW, completed cost. And I think this will start putting lot of 

 
14 of 22 | P a g e 
 
pressure, because many of the companies will not be able to 
take up many projects. And that is the reason I said that if at 
all, we are required to do more than 26 gigawatt. And now, 
you can calculate what is going to be the cost. Probably, in the 
CERC Regulatory framework, you can easily calculate what it 
is going to be. We are ensuring that the cost will be on the 
lower side. The cost is on the lower side, because these all 
are closer to the mine. So that your energy charges will be 
less. So, we believe that it will be somewhere in the range of 
starting from ₹3.5 to ₹5, not giving anything there in it, right. 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And secondly, you talked   
about the SMR part. Is there any thought for NTPC to play any 
role in the hydrogen side as well? 
 
CMD: 
Not some role. We will play a major role. 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. 
 
CMD:                        We have 1,200 acres land in Andhra; at Pudimadaka, which 
is near Visakhapatnam, and we are in the process of 
developing that as a hydrogen hub.  
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Manan Poladia: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. Manan from MKP Securities. 
Sir, your slide mentioned that the planned outlay for the 2.8 
gigawatt is ₹42,000 crore at 2017 costs. There was a slide 
about the joint venture with NPCIL. I'm not sure whether I'm 
confused about that. Because that sounds like a large part of 
your balance sheet. So, if you could just give some color on 
what portion of that will come on your balance sheet? 
 
CMD:                     
Why there should be confusion in that? So, the reason being, 
I think this is going to be again, as a regulated, the only 
difference between nuclear and other fossil fuel or the other 
projects is that the tariff is decided by the different 
commission, the Atomic Energy Commission rather than the 
CERC. That is the only difference. But the returns are similar. 
These guidelines are almost similar to those kind of things. 
And we will be 49%. 
 
Manan Poladia: 
It makes sense, Sir. Thank you. 
 
CMD: 
Yes, please. 
 
Girish Achhipalia: 
Hi, Sir. Girish from Morgan Stanley. So, congrats. You spoke 
about the long-term CAPEX outlook about roughly coming 
close to ₹1 lakh crore almost per year. My question was, if you 

 
15 of 22 | P a g e 
 
can provide some high-level breakup in terms of the newer 
areas that you're investing. You already spoke about coal, 
which is at ₹10-₹11 crore per megawatt. We know the 
renewable plan at 60 gigawatt. But other than that, any color 
around green hydrogen, pumped storage, nuclear? Any 
qualitative number here if you can provide? 
 
CMD:                       
Again, thank you. We are giving kind of enough lead to that   
about the fossil fuel or the coal based I just mentioned. What 
is going to be the kind of requirement. In that case of nuclear, 
then again, then I think this is what we were talking about. The 
major thing will be coming in the renewable side and what our 
stated objective is, about 60 gigawatt by 2032. And along with 
that, then as we have already mentioned and its public domain 
that we will be having the hydrogen hub. In case of, Andhra, 
we already have the MOU. I hope that it's going to be 
implemented soon. I myself had a meeting with Honorable 
CM. And hopefully, I think once the activities pick up there, we 
should be also starting on that. The other important things are 
that the hydro projects, which are being undertaken by 
NEEPCO and THDC, so that is also equally important. We 
have the mining  business, which is not that capital-intensive. 
Because we follow the MDO route. And then whatever the 
R&M jobs etc., that will be the minor one. But the major one 
will be going towards renewable, going towards our new coal 
based capacity and new hydro capacity, which is going to 
come through our subsidiary companies. 
 
Girish Achhipalia: 
Sir, secondly, one clarification, this THDC and NEEPCO, you 
said, 12 GW, I think around ₹75,000 odd crore. 
CMD: 
I think this will go more than that. 
 
Girish Achhipalia: 
Yes.  So,  my  question  was  that  when  you're  talking  about 
the 60 gigawatt renewable target, these two subsidiaries are 
not included in that number? 
 
CMD: 
No. Yes, you are right. 
 
Girish Achhipalia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes, Sir. This is Atul Tiwari from Citi Research. Sir, my 
question is again, on the nuclear. So, what will be the current 
CAPEX per megawatt benchmark for the capacity that is 
breaking down? 
 
CMD:                         ₹17 crore to ₹18 crore per megawatt. So, I think, as of today, 
what is being said that this is going to be almost around ₹17 
to ₹18, but the whole cost is also dependent on the gestation 
period. And we are working with NPCIL and other technology 

 
16 of 22 | P a g e 
 
partners also. And the Government of India is very serious 
now how to reduce the time to let us say, around five years to 
start with. So now, it is going up to almost eight, nine, 10 years, 
and the IDC really goes very high. That is the major 
component in that. So, this is going to be kind of brought down 
to that level. That's what the intention is. And if there is going 
to be the more number of approach, more number of, I think, 
orders and there will be, I think, the further competition in this 
area, the cost should remain under control or rather come 
down rather than going up.  
 
Atul Tiwari:  
And Sir, obviously, because we don't understand the energy 
cost part of the nuclear energy. So, what will be the rough 
energy charges out of it?  
 
CMD:                         See, it's almost in the range of around ₹7. And ₹7 means you 
are getting RE-RTC at ₹7, so which is quite competitive. What 
we are saying around ₹7 means it's going to be in that range 
even if the cost is taken at on the higher side. Because the 
fuel cost is still, I think in the range of around ₹1 to ₹2 in case 
of nuclear. The major part is on the CAPEX side. I don't rule 
out some kind of detailed discussion at some stage, like there 
are PLIs, etc. for the different areas, that what are the ways 
how to really reduce the cost of the nuclear energy in the 
country. But this is too early to say anything at this point of 
time. But one thing is very clear that the Government of India 
is clear that we need to push the nuclear. And when the 
nuclear is going to come and we had been making our efforts. 
So, we will play a leading or the major role in that also. 
 
Atul Tiwari: 
And Sir, last one, if I may. So, will these numbers change 
materially for SMR, or they will remain roughly same? 
 
CMD:                        I would refrain to say anything on any number at this stage on 
the  SMR. Because I have discussed personally with almost 
four, five technology providers. I can't say anything on that, 
because there are n number of developments, which are 
happening. There should be, on the lower side, the IDC should 
be on the lower side on that. So may be, I think the SMR may 
compete with when we are talking about this. Because that's 
what the one of the feeling is. And another one is that people 
are trying, the last time when I had a discussion with the 
Director General of International Agency for Atomic Energy. 
So, his viewpoint is that I think we are just some time away 
from the breakthrough that there will be a lot of mass 
production will start. And if there is a mass production, 
whether there will be a kind of shop fabricated or packaged 
units, you'll start getting as far as the nuclear is concerned. 
So, as I said, I would refrain to make any definitive statement 
on that side. Because this is the huge amount of work, which 

 
17 of 22 | P a g e 
 
is going on and every technology developer will try to justify 
what they had  been doing or what they are doing is the best, 
till I think then it really comes into, installation stage. As of now, 
hardly, there is anything. So, everything, there is a lot of work, 
which is going on, on this. What we are doing in the case of 
the Bharat's BSR is that out the NPCIL 220 MW side, as I 
explained earlier, that there is some kind of lining if they can 
provide, which can reduce the risk of radiation and then this 
can bring down the exclusive zone on that side.  
 
Amit Bhinde: 
Sir, Amit here from Morgan Stanley. I just want to  understand 
about the fuel sourcing for nuclear, because there's a 
shortage within the country. And how do we look at it. 
 
CMD:                          I'll tell you. As far as the fuel is concerned, this is completely 
under the control of the Government. Okay? Whether it's 
NPCIL or whether it's going to be us or anybody. I think, this 
is completely controlled through that and this will be sourced 
through the government only. There is no other way. So, 
whenever there is a clearance to the nuclear plant, I think this 
will be also taken care by the Government that before the 
clearance is given, there is a certainty of the fuel on that side.  
 
Amit Bhinde: 
Right. That was helpful. And so, anything you can speak about 
the MOUs of PSP  or that would fall under NGEL again? The 
pump storage, can you speak about that or you cannot? 
 
CMD:                           What I can share with you is that we are in discussion with the 
different state governments  to locate the sites, and there is a 
lot of euphoria. Let me just try to share with all of you about 
this pump storage also that some of the sites, maybe, people 
are announcing. But at the end, I think they may be finding it 
quite challenging to develop on that site. So, we are quite 
careful on picking up those sites. As of today, we have a site 
in Tamil Nadu, our joint venture with Tamil Nadu, NTECL has 
already been allocated. This side, please. 
 
Swati: 
Yeah. Sir, Swati Jhunjhunwala from JM Financial. 
 
CMD: 
Okay. Go ahead. 
 
Swati:  
Sir, just two questions. So, first on the Gas PLF. So, this 
quarter, we had a 23% PLF versus 10% last year. So overall, 
we maintain a low PLF. Is it a gas supply issue? Is it a PPA 
issue? If you could highlight on that.  
 
CMD:                          Okay, yes, this is a good news that Gas PLF has gone up from 
10% to 23% and that is the indication that there is appetite for 
the costly power from the gas-based plants. Incidentally, gas 

 
18 of 22 | P a g e 
 
prices have not come to that affordable level till now. But there 
is a changing scenario in the grid that there are some periods 
in the year, when there is some sort of higher demand, which 
we call crunch period, that's what the terminology somebody 
has really derived. But there are sometimes when there is an 
excess demand. So, at that point of time, there is Government 
of India came out with a scheme that we will keep these gas-
based assets also on bar, so that there is no problem is faced 
in the grid, in the power supply. And that is one of the reason 
that this PLF was higher and more than that, we have now 
some capacity, which we could really sell in the merchant 
market. Because the rates were at the consumers or the 
DISCOMs were ready to pay higher prices. So, we had been 
able to sell some power in the merchant, up to some, I think 
₹16-₹17 rupees. So, I think  whatever, you can say that there 
is a demand for the gas-based  projects is also there. And this, 
don't get surprised that some of the power stations will be 
having far better PLF going forward. 
 
Swati: 
So, that means this is not, because of Section 11 only. 
Going forward, we can expect higher PLF? 
 
CMD:                          Yes. If the gas prices remain at this level itself, then if it comes 
down, then definitely yes. If it goes up, it depends how much 
it goes up. 
 
Swati: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. I have two questions. 
One is on the technical minimum, at which coal-based 
thermal power plants can run that has been reduced from 55% 
to 40% by CEA. Technical minimum has been reduced from 
55%, it's been proposed to be reduced to 40%. So, how many 
thermal power plants of NTPC, you think is it possible to 
implement the technical minimum reduction to this level? 
 
CMD:                           See, as of today, we have brought our control systems and  it  
was  staged  by whatever the work was required that we can 
come down to 55% in every unit, including our first unit in 
Singrauli, which was commissioned in February 1982. 
Incidentally, the same thing is not being followed by some of 
the States and IPPs. And we are taking up with the 
government, as well as the Grid India and the honorable 
Commission, the CERC that each and every one should 
participate. Otherwise, there can be a problem in the grid. I 
have no hesitation to share with all of you this. And the next 
level of the 40% can be only talked about once we are 
reaching to 55%. 
 
 

 
19 of 22 | P a g e 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, still some time away. The second question is, last week, 
there was discovery of load following FDRE rates, which were 
sub-₹5, ₹4.98 in our SECI-FDRE-IV tender. So, what are your 
remarks in terms of how FDRE rates are coming down 
associated with wind solar hybrid plus battery storage? I 
mean, this is not related to NGEL. But at the industry level, 
how do you see that evolving? And maybe, over a longer 
horizon, does this become a solution to replicate baseload or 
load following power? 
 
CMD: 
There is a limited capacity in the country to provide FDRE as 
of now? Because the hydro is also allowed in that? 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes. But it will take time. Yes, it will take time. 
 
CMD:                
But there are some merchant capacity maybe. Incidentally, we 
had some capacity in our NEEPCO power plant and we had 
been trading that power. But the good news is that battery 
prices are coming down. So may be, some people are taking 
the advanced bet on the falling price. I hope that they are not 
going to stuck in the same situation what some of the 
developer faced the problem in between for the solar modules. 
Because that has caused some kind of trend to go up. 
Fortunately, it is coming down again. But one thing is very 
clear, I think directionally, there is going to be correction in the 
prices. Because there is a lot of capacity, which has come up 
online. So, we can start believing that going forward, we 
should be able to get capacities, which are in that range or 
maybe around that range. But how much, I think that is going 
to be question. Because you cannot say that if this is some 
people like RE people had been saying that it is cheaper than 
the coal, then why we are required to now add coal-based 
capacity? If you would have had discussion three years back, 
everybody was saying that RE is cheaper than the coal? So 
that means no further capacity is required. But that is not 
round the clock. That is not reliable. That is not up to that kind 
of supply level. So, let us see that how the things are. Then, 
it's coming out. There may be some kind of opportunity what 
some of the bidders would have availed. But going forward, I 
think there should be a correction in the renewable and the 
storage cost. I think this is quite clear. 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you. 
 
CMD: 
Yes, Madam. 
 
Gauri Anand: 
Sir, I am Gauri Anand from Old Bridge Asset Management. So, 
my question was actually on carbon taxes. Generally speaking, 
there is a mentioning in the economic survey. And while we 
talk about the emissions, the large part of the emission is 

 
20 of 22 | P a g e 
 
actually in the electricity sector, okay? So, almost 30% of our 
emission is actually contributed by the electricity as in the 
generation sector. 
 
CMD: 
30 or 40?  
 
Gauri Anand:  
30.  
 
CMD:  
Okay. I'm happy. 
 
Gauri Anand: 
Okay. Is it more? Okay. So, then I don't remember my 
numbers. Yeah. So, in light of this, that we've got CBAM 
coming up in Europe, China has already decided to go ahead 
and have their own carbon tax framework. In light of that, how 
should we really think, because there is already a mentioning 
and there are already talks about having a baseline for some 
of this polluting industries. So, how should we think about this? 
That was my first question. 
 
CMD:                        That is the direction is, again, I was saying that's quite clear. 
Let's see that. I think, the Government has been discussing 
almost about a year now. There is a, not year, even more than 
that, and there is a framework of what is called CCTE or 
something then this, the carbon trade and then this 
mechanism, what is being done. But let me, I think, give you 
people and this kind of comfort level that we are aware of all 
of these things. And whatever investment decision we take, we 
try to ring-fence everything on that. And that is the reason I 
think there was intelligent question, which came down at the 
early stage that whether this is everything is on the cost plus. 
How the things will be what kind of negotiation will happen, 
how the things will pan out, I think the time will tell. But at the 
same time, what we are doing, we are quite aware of that. We 
are mindful of that and we will take care of as far as the 
Company is concerned. But yes, this is bound to come. I would 
entirely agree. 
 
Gauri Anand: 
And if I may read out this, just one question on the way the 
electricity is consumed in India. NTPC account for a fourth of 
the generation. But when it comes to really distribution and 
when the manner in which it's getting consumed, it's basically 
to say that the short-term power market, do you think it has to 
deepen further? Or are you okay with having more contracts, 
which are regulated? Just some thoughts on how do you think 
this architecture should evolve? 
 
CMD:                       
I agree with your thoughts that there should be deepening of 
the markets, deepening, widening in all directions, it should 
expand. We have as the largest generator and now 
completely totally diversified in all areas. We keep our trading, 

 
21 of 22 | P a g e 
 
arm, the commercial people, sitting here, they keep then track 
of everything, that it should further be deepened. But at the 
same time, what I said that the new capacities what we are 
taking, the investment decision what we are taking, we have 
to ensure that this is a safe investment and I don't carry any 
risk on that. And the regulator is aware of this issue. These 
are issues and they are kind enough to consider all these 
aspects. We have many other kind of levers with us, whether 
it is through some of the hydro capacity, through our solar 
capacity, wind, storage and there will be some kind of gas 
assets. I think the young lady just asked that about that. So, 
we are happy on that side also that there should be market 
and I have no hesitation to say that. We picked up the 5% 
equity into PXIL, realizing that yes this is going to play 
important role. So, market is going to come and there will be 
more and more space. I think the OTT also, some people will 
be following that. It's not only the real time, but I think there 
are many other products, which have been started. And by the 
way, this is part of the kind awareness giving. The new 
regulations also provide some kind of upside for us for 
supplying the reactive power. Till now, everything used to be 
only on the kilowatt hour. So now kVAr, that is reactive power 
is also like, and more and more renewable energy is going to 
provide more and more opportunities for us to get into those, 
the primary response, the secondary response, tertiary 
response. There is some sort of market, indirect market, which 
is coming. And more than that, I think there can be some sort 
of market, indirect market for us that we are talking to the 
industries that we can have some of the captive power plants 
for them. 
 
Gauri Anand: 
Thank you. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
This is Anuj Upadhyay from Investec. Sir, are we selling any 
surplus power in the open market across the coal-based 
segment?  
 
CMD:                           The answer is yes. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
And can you quantify any under recovery, which we have 
reported in the quarter?  
 
CMD:                           There is no under recovery for the quarter you can count, 
because if there is any kind of under recovery or over 
recovery, that is on the annualized basis. 
 
Director (Finance):   Intermittent under recovery could be purely on the basis of 
some planned outages of certain plants. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Right. 

 
22 of 22 | P a g e 
 
 
Director (Finance):   So ultimately, in the end analysis what is important, but we 
continuously monitor that. And if there are something, it is set 
to correct subsequently. And as to earlier this thing, there is a 
complete framework, wherever we have excess, we have a 
declaration in excess of what is the scheduling. It can be sold 
in the market through various segments, the day ahead 
market, the real time market. So, all this was sold. Certain 
amount of cost is shared with the beneficiary and remaining 
can be upside for us. 
 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Right, Sir. Thank you. 
 
CMD: 
So, time to thank? 
 
ED (Finance): 
Yes, Sir. I believe the queries of the analysts are over now. 
We now conclude this 20th Analysts and Investors Meet. I am 
grateful to our Chairman and Managing Director, our Directors 
and Senior Management present here for taking time out for 
this interaction. The address by CMD and the presentation by 
Director (Finance) highlighted the achievements of NTPC and 
showcased the potential that we have. I am thankful to all the 
analysts and investors present here, whose faith drives us to 
exceed our performance both operationally and financially 
year-after-year. Last but not the least, my heartfelt thanks to 
the Regional Executive Director, Western Region-I, and his 
team for making arrangements for this meet. We hope to see 
you next year. I now invite you all for refreshments. Thank you, 
once again. 
******************************* 
 
  
