 
 
 
 
 
Gillette India Limited 
CIN: L28931MH1984PLC267130 
Regd. Office 
P&G Plaza, Cardinal Gracias Road,  
Chakala, Andheri (E),  
Mumbai - 400099 
Tel: (91-22) 6958 6000   
Fax: (91-22) 6958 7337 
Website: in.pg.com 
 
 
September 20, 2024 
 
To,                                                    
 
   To,           
                                                                                          
The Corporate Relations Department  
   The Listing Department 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
 
   The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
    Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
    Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
 
    Mumbai – 400051 
Ref:- Scrip Code:- 507815 
 
 
    Ref:- Scrip Code:- GILLETTE 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Analysts/Institutional Investors – Outcome – Transcript of the meeting 
 
This has reference to the intimation dated September 03, 2024 and outcome uploaded on 
September 18, 2024, with respect to the virtual connect with analysts/ institutional investors. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed herewith is the transcript of the above meeting with analysts/ institutional 
investors, copy of the same is also made available on the website of the Company.  
 
This is for your record and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Gillette India Limited 
 
 
Flavia Machado 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
FLAVIA 
PETER 
MACHADO
Digitally signed by 
FLAVIA PETER 
MACHADO 
Date: 2024.09.20 
18:26:47 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gillette India Limited 
 
Investors & Analysts’ Call 
 
September 18, 2024 
 
Start Time: 5:30 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. V. Kumar, Managing Director 
Mr. Gautam Kamath, Chief Financial Officer 
Ms. Flavia Machado, Moderator, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Flavia Machado: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Company’s Investors and Analysts Call. 
Thank you for joining us today. Today we will begin with presentation by the management of the 
company on the company's performance, results, strategies and business outlook. 
We have received questions submitted by the participants at the time of registration of the call. 
The management will address the questions received after the presentation. 
Let me introduce our presenters for today. 
We have on the call, Mr. V. Kumar, Managing Director of the Company and Mr. Gautam Kamath, 
Chief Financial Officer. 
All participants are placed on mute and can participate in the Listen only mode. 
Please note that during the course of the call, the presentation and information shared by the 
management may include forward looking statements. This may include words, phrases, numbers 
that set forth anticipated results based on management’s current plans and assumptions. Forward-
looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks 
and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in 
those statements. The Company cautions investors that any such forward-looking statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and that actual events or results may differ materially from 
those statements. Actual events or results may differ materially because of factors that affect 
international businesses and global economic conditions, as well as matters specific to the 
Company and the markets it serves. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these 
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent 
required by law. 
With that, I now handover to V. Kumar, for the management presentation.  
 
V. Kumar: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. It is our pleasure to interact 
with all of you. Today, I shall take you through the work that we have been leading at Gillette 
India Limited, and what we have accomplished in the last fiscal year.  
 
First things first, let me take you through our fiscal results for the year.  
 
This was another strong performance by Gillette India, delivering a balanced top-line and bottom-
line growth in the fiscal. Despite a challenging operating and competitive environment, the 
Company delivered sales of ₹2633 crore, up 6% versus year ago, Profit After Tax (PAT) for the 
fiscal year, was ₹412 crore, up 16% versus year ago due to the topline growth with product 
innovation. 
 
These results have been possible as we have remained committed to our integrated growth 
strategy of: 
• A portfolio of daily-use products, where performance drives brand choice, 
• Superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution, and value 
• Productivity to fund this superiority. 

• Constructive disruption of the entire value chain to future proof our business,  
• all enabled by an empowered, agile, and accountable organization. 
 
These strategic choices reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow markets 
and create new business which, in turn, grows our share, sales, household penetration and profit. 
Importantly, this strategy is inherently dynamic.  It adapts to the changing needs of consumers, 
customers, and society. It demands that we not sit still. 
 
P&G people are focused on executing each element of our integrated growth strategy with 
excellence, to delight consumers and win in the marketplace, to deliver the level of balanced 
growth and value-creation results you and we expect. 
 
Let me take this opportunity to talk more on the focused portfolio of daily-use products for 
Grooming and Oral categories - both where performance plays a significant role in brand choice.  
We concentrate our efforts and focus on delivering and increasing the superiority of our offerings 
at every price tier in which we operate.  
 
Throughout the fiscal year, the Company continued to delight the Indian consumers and drive 
category growth through a strong product portfolio, superior consumer communication and a 
continuous stream of product innovations. Our robust portfolio caters to a wide variety of jobs 
that our consumers expect grooming solutions to do, ranging from safe and efficient shaves, to 
styling and shaping tools and an assortment of dedicated ranges in shave preps as well as 
electronic grooming.  
  
In our decades of serving the Indian consumers, we have in return gained their trust, making 
Gillette a market leader. 
 
Similarly, our Oral Care portfolio serves a diverse range of consumers and their unique needs, 
with an assortment of products – from sensitive to deep-clean, special range for kids, to an 
advanced power-oral care line-up. We have continued to upgrade our propositions to keep 
delighting our consumers and meeting their evolving needs pertaining to their oral health.  
 
Superiority continues to be the formula to delight consumers and earn and maintain their chosen 
loyalty. 
 
Our commitment to and investment in irresistible superiority through innovation, across the 5 
vectors of product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value, continues to be 
strong. We are leveraging the superiority to delight consumers, grow markets and our share in 
them. 
 
Let’s take an example on our Gillette portfolio. We introduced a super-premium razor – Gillette 
Labs, that transforms the mundane act of shaving into an extraordinary experience by offering a 
smooth and comfortable shave.  With cutting-edge technology and a lifetime warranty on the 
handle, Gillette’s latest razor delivers a superior shaving experience that combines close shaves 
with gentle exfoliation.  
 
For over 115 years, Gillette has constantly challenged itself to advance shaving technology and 
provide consumers with the best shave they deserve, and this new launch is a step forward 
towards this commitment while strengthening our portfolio and create value. 
 
Coming to Female grooming, Venus introduced its Bikini Sensitive Razor, designed exclusively to 
cater to intimate grooming needs of consumers, based on a strong insight that existing products 
for intimate care result in irritation due to the hair texture being different. The razor is 

dermatologically tested, comes with a patented irritation-defence bar, and delivers a flawlessly 
smooth result without any discomfort in intimate areas. 
 
Superior packing is a critical vector for us, enabling us to create the perfect First Moment of Truth 
with consumers to reinforce the delighters as they look at our product. Taking the example of the 
recently introduced Gillette Labs, the pack in one glance delivers the message on what the product 
does and its unique features. This helps our consumers make the right choice regarding the 
product that best serves their need.  
 
Similarly, Oral-B introduced unique solutions to make brushing fun for its younger consumers by 
enhancing its toothbrushes with ‘Chhota Bheem’ designs – a popular animated character loved by 
children in India. The packaging brings this to life and enables parents to engage children in a very 
important activity of brushing, inculcating the right oral health habits at a young age.  
 
Over the years, we have also evolved our communication strategy to better cater to the specific 
consumer we are reaching, and effectively resonate with them. In line with this, Gillette Guard 
developed an innovative communication approach to reach its target consumers in the Hindi 
heartland. Through deep consumer research the brand understood the nuance of simple, sharp, 
yet high-on-energy ‘local’ stories resonated better. Gillette Guard created unique TV copies 
featuring local celebrities and incorporating exciting music and dance routines, while delivering 
the key message of a safe and smooth shave sharply.  
 
Can we see the video please?  
 
<Audio Visual playing> 
 
There exists a common perception about all toothbrushes functioning the same way, leading to 
consumers being unaware about selecting the right solution. 49 % consumers are currently 
dissatisfied with the cleaning their brush provides. We recognize the need for innovation and 
education. Oral B’s Criss Cross technology offers consumers a revolutionary choice for achieving 
better oral hygiene, so we had to create a compelling communication piece that can drive this 
awareness among our consumers. Let’s watch the video to understand more.  
 
<Audio Visual playing> 
 
Our retail execution strategy focuses on maximizing category growth and value creation. It 
ensures that consumers have access to the products they want, when they want them. By 
optimizing store coverage, product assortment, pricing, and merchandising, we deliver a 
delightful shopping experience at the retail and grocery stores.  
 
Success in our highly competitive industry also requires agility that comes with a mindset of 
constructive disruption – a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies 
that will shape P&G and our industry for the future. We are focused on leading disruption in a 
constructive way that delivers better outcomes and creates value for consumers, customers, 
employees, society, and shareowners. 
 
Let me illustrate this using some recent examples: 
1. We are leveraging seamless data, analytics, and automation to optimize our supply chain, 
resulting in 60% fewer touchpoints than a few years ago. We have also moved to an artificial 
intelligence, machine learning ordering system for our distributors, which is helping us better 
predict distributor shipments and replenishment. This is advancing us in our journey of 
Supply 3.0.  
 

2. We are leveraging AI-powered image recognition to automated quality checks, streamlining 
production, and improving product quality. This innovative approach has enabled speed and 
effectiveness in our manufacturing processes, optimizing our operations and helping us 
ensure our products are manufactured and available for our consumers swiftly. 
 
3. We have continued to explore relevant touchpoints where we can engage with our consumers 
when they are entering our categories, to educate them and make them aware of our 
propositions. Gillette has been organizing university programs to engage with adolescent and 
Gen-Z consumers. We have continued to evolve this program to share insights into overall 
grooming and personality development, across Gillette and Venus.  
 
The strategic need to keep investing in superiority, coupled with the ongoing need to drive 
balanced top- and bottom-line growth, including margin expansion, underscore the importance of 
ongoing productivity. 
 
We have developed a strong productivity muscle over the years. Productivity is now fully 
embedded in our operating model and is embraced in every part of our operation. 
Specifically last year, through our productivity interventions, GIL achieved savings of over Rs. 45 
crores. That is the fuel that allows us to reinvest in superiority across the five vectors and stay 
ahead of what consumers want.  
 
Organization is an integral part of our Integrated Growth Strategy. After all, it is our people who 
deliver and execute these strategies. We have designed, and continue to refine and strengthen, our 
organization structure so that it enables P&G people to focus on our biggest opportunities for 
growth — fully empowered, agile, and accountable. 
 
With the power of our organization, we have also continued our efforts to balance the need of all 
our stakeholders. 
 
Equality and Inclusion is good for our business – broadening our ability to serve more consumers 
and driving market growth. Simply put, it helps us win in the marketplace.  
It’s how we understand and serve billions of increasingly diverse consumers around the world. 
It’s how we develop market leading brands. It’s how we recruit top-notch talent and develop the 
best organization in the world. It’s how we lead our industries and strengthen our communities. 
 
We bring our approach to life through our Brands, our employees, our partners, and communities. 
We collaborate with partners to reach and serve more consumers and enrich the communities in 
which we live and work, which in turn helps create growth for our business. In India, we have 
joined hands with other highly engaged and effective organizations, like education institutions, to 
help achieve equal access and opportunities for everyone in the communities that we touch.  
 
We continue to positively impact communities we serve and operate in, with our flagship CSR 
program - Shiksha. Over last 19 years, Shiksha has continued to support thousands of schools and 
communities, impacting more than 45 lakh children with access to education and enablers to 
improve learning outcomes. 
 
Many of our efforts have been recognized externally which only motivates us to raise the bar and 
double down on our efforts to better all our stakeholders.  
 
While we should expect the volatile macro dynamics we have been experiencing to continue, our 
job every day is to continue to put in the hard work that can delight consumers, customers, 
employees, society and shareowners in that context. Our best path forward remains to double 

down on our dynamic, market-constructive strategy to deliver balanced top- and bottom-line 
growth and value creation.  
 
With that I handover to Gautam Kamath, our CFO.  
 
 
Gautam Kamath: 
Thank You, Kumar! Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. My name is Gautam Kamath and I’m 
the CFO, Gillette India Ltd. 
 
Kumar spoke about our Integrated Growth Strategy and how it is making a difference to our 
business results. You also saw 6% sales and 16% structural profit growth delivered for the past 
year. At this point, I would like to reflect the results over a longer period. I will also share with 
you our view on the recent trends and outlook for the industry. Of course, many of you sent over 
questions, which I will address during my section. 
 
Our Integrated Growth Strategy is working for us. We have delivered consistent mid-single digit 
sales growth over the past 10 years, even with the evolving definition of male grooming. At the 
same time, we have delivered a cumulative annual profit growth of 23%, while becoming more 
and more asset efficient. Our return on equity has become 5x during this period. Our operating 
profit margin during this period has increased by 200 basis points, behind our strong productivity 
program across all spend buckets. 
 
Another way to look at these numbers is in absolute. Our absolute sales have grown 1.5x over the 
past 10 years, while absolute profit have grown to 8x, demonstrating our ability to consistently 
deliver superior execution of our strategies.  
 
This has resulted in us creating significant shareholder value over this period through a record 30 
years of consistent dividend payout. Our share price has more than tripled, reflecting the 
consistency of business result delivery.  
 
Before I address some of your questions, I want to talk about the external landscape and how we 
see it evolving. 
 
The Indian economy is thriving – GDP growth is back to its peak at 8.2% for the year we just closed. 
With stable revenues from tax and increasing foreign exchange reserves, the financial outlook will 
continue to attract investments to the country. These are definite green shoots. 
 
Closer home, for the FMCG industry, positive trends are finally emerging on consumption – both 
rural and urban. Inflation has been consistently softening with July closing below RBI’s medium-
term target of 4%. With monsoons across 75% of the countries districts normal or above normal, 
rural demand is expected to keep up with the positive trends. The watchouts are declining rural 
wages and rising unemployment, which should stabilise in near term with government’s recently 
announced intervention. Collectively, this should augur well for consumption trends.  
 
Looking at the near term, we anticipate some challenges to continue. However, we remain 
confident in the dynamic and integrated nature of our strategy to help us navigate the difficulties 
and continue to serve and delight consumers to drive sustained, balanced results.  
 
I’m now going to move to the Q&A session. Thank you to everyone who took out the time to share 
the questions with us in advance.  
 

 
We will take questions in groups, as there many common themes in the questions you have shared 
with us. Please note, we will refrain from sharing anything that is unpublished, price sensitive or 
confidential to protect the competitive advantage.  
 
The first set of questions I would like to address, are on our Male Grooming Segment 
 
Mr. Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital has asked about Gillette's growth in the fiscal 
F23-24 in Male Grooming market, as well as about Market Share. Mr. Mayur Parkeria from 
Wealth Managers (India) Pvt. Ltd. has sent a question on overall size of grooming market.                  
Mr. Mehul Savla - Ripplewave Equity Advisors LLP’s question is on signs of beard culture 
trend and its implication on the business.  We have similar questions from Mr. Jayesh Poladia, 
Mr. Senthil ManiKandan K- Ithought PMS, Mr. Priyank Chheda- Vallum Capital, Mr. Vicky 
Punjabi- UTI Mutual Fund, Mr. Ranjeet Hingorani, and others.  
- Over the past three years, the Company has consistently delivered a balanced topline and 
bottom-line growth, driven by product innovation. Along with this, the Company continued to 
lead the market share and market growth in in the Blades and Razors category in FY 23-24. The 
grooming category stands at approx. 3300 crores today, growing at mid-singles levels. There is 
increased competitive activity. We do believe that healthy competition enables category 
growth, and we are all for it. 
- Coming to some of the pertinent consumer trends. The definition of Male Grooming has been 
evolving and changing, more rapidly now than before. The trend is shifting towards more men 
now preferring to grow beards, which brings the new job to be done of grooming, styling, and 
shaping the beards. For over 115 years, Gillette has constantly challenged itself to advance 
shaving technology and provide consumers with the best shave and grooming they deserve. 
With the category undergoing transformation, this presents an opportunity for us to position 
our premium systems, appliances, and trimmers to delight consumers for this new set of jobs. 
In fact, our Gillette fusion portfolio is redesigned as a beard styling tool, helping our consumers 
stay groomed as per their preference. This is enabled by FlexBall Technology that allows the 
razor to get virtually every hair - and can be used in various ways basis the consumer's styling 
needs. We spoke of Gillette Labs that provides an extraordinary shaving experience combining 
close shaves with gentle exfoliation. With our MACH3 razor your tenth shave feels better than 
your first shave with a new disposable* 
- Our focus therefore has been to offer consumers with products so good that they recognize the 
difference. We are continuing to grow and drive category growth, recording our highest ever 
shares. 
 
Moving on, we had some questions on the landscape and growth in the female grooming 
segment. 
 
Mr. Krishnan Sambamoorthy, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities has asked about the 
proportion of female grooming to overall grooming sales in India, and whether the category is 
still growing faster than other options like waxes & lotions and salons. Mr. Ranjeet Hingorani 
has asked about the habits for shaving on the go for women.  Ms. Jinal Sheth- Awriga Capital 
Advisors LL has asked about the growth in this category. Similar questions have been asked by 
Mr. Preeyam Tolia- Axis Securities’, Mr. Mayur Matani- Maheshkumar and Co.  
*First 2 Blades Vs Blue Presto Disposable 
 

 
- Female hair removal is actually a large and diverse market, where razors compete with creams, 
in-home waxes and salons. Our focus has been on the in-home hair removal segment. In the 
last 3-5 years, razors as a sub-segment have seen fastest growth. 
- Today, women are juggling multiple responsibilities at the same time, and considering the day 
is so jam-packed, they have no time for tasks like body hair removal the conventional way. 
Coupled with the need for on-the-move solutions, Venus has become her go to friend, which 
she can carry in her to-go pouches. Our strategy includes creating awareness about shaving for 
women, its benefits, busting myths and providing delightful experience to the consumer every 
single time with Venus as a preferred, hassle-free and pain-free solution of hair removal. 
- We have continued to strengthen our portfolio, with products catering to diverse and evolving 
consumer needs. We spoke of the recently introduced Venus Bikini razor to cater to the unique 
need of intimate grooming with the benefit of ‘Irritation free Smooth Bikini Skin’, 
communicated via relatable media channels like Social and Key Opinion Leaders. The product 
is specifically curated to give the consumer a superior experience for a unique job to be done. 
In fact, the entire Venus range is designed to glide smoothly on a women’s curves to reveal 
super smooth skin without any pain and hassle. Our Comfort Glide range is also equipped with 
special soap bars to provide an incredibly smooth experience. 
- With all of this, consumers are demonstrating their affinity and love for the Venus franchise. In 
the past 5 years, Venus has doubled its business and contributes double digit to the grooming 
segment for us. We are confident in our ability to continue delighting consumers and growing 
the category.  
 
We also have a few questions on appliances.     
  
Mr. Senthil ManiKandan K- Ithought PMS asked regarding Braun brand - what is the current 
share of sales and please share some insights how the company is planning to play in this 
category? Ms. Jinal Sheth from Awriga Capital Advisors LLP’s questions is on trends in male 
shaving. We had similar questions from Mr. Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities, Mr. Ronak Chheda- Awriga Capital Advisors LLP, Ms. Fatema Pacha- Mahindra 
Manulife, Krishnan Sambamoorthy, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
- Thank you for these questions. Currently, Appliances contribute to 2% of the category in India. 
Our approach on the segment is to understand and meet the needs of the Indian consumers 
with our global insights and serve them with a strong portfolio of offerings under Braun. Braun 
today has the world’s best technology when it comes to Shaving and Trimming. Braun’s focus 
has been superior Design & Craftsmanship, with the belief that a good design is simple, useful, 
and built to last. Basis the consumer habits and preferred platforms, we are making Braun range 
available primarily on ecommerce and digital platforms. We are leveraging social media to 
engage with our targeted audience and create awareness about our superior propositions – be 
it for male grooming with the electronic shavers, stylers, and trimmers, or with the robust 
female grooming range that consists of varied products like epilators, facial hair removers, 
bikini stylers, etc. Overall, we are also bringing our Integrated Growth strategy to life to win 
with the consumer. 
 
Many of you had questions on the performance and trends in the Oral Care category – these 
were from Mr. Sunny Bhadra from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, Mr. Niril Parekh- 
Awriga Capital Advisors LLP, Ms. Fatema Pacha- Mahindra Manulife, Mr. Mayur Parkeria- 
Wealth Managers (India) Pvt. Ltd., Mr. Navin Matta- Mahindra Manulife and others. 

 
- Our growth has been slow in the Oral Care segment due to competitive activity in entry tier. 
Despite the challenges, we have been able to maintain our business size in the category. We 
expect Oral care as a category to demonstrate market growth of mid-single digits, in line with 
FMCG market growth.  
- We remain focused on driving growth and serving consumers with superiority in segments 
where performance can drive brand choice, and we can empower consumers with the right 
brushing tools. For example: our Criss Cross sensitive range, with the revolutionary Criss cross 
technology and ultrathin bristles, promises a gentle but no-compromise cleaning. We are 
ensuring that we are communicating this superiority with the right consumer segments, to 
create the needed awareness – you saw a glimpse of this in the presentation as well. This 
segment for us is growing at a strong double-digit rate. Another segment doing very well for 
us, is Professional Oral Care portfolio – that I am about to talk next. In fact, Oral-B is world's 
no1 dentist recommended toothbrush brand. 
- Let’s also take an example of something as simple yet impactful as packaging. Our aim here is 
packaging that attracts consumers, conveys brand equity, and helps consumers select the best 
product for their needs. For oral care, we realised that consumers find it challenging to pick the 
right toothbrush for their needs, owing to the shelf clutter and complex packaging cues. To 
solve for this, we upgraded our packaging to drive the right cues, iconography, differentiators, 
and cleaning capabilities on our packaging, allowing consumers to easily identify the product 
that best suits their needs.   
 
On another note, Mr. Ranjeet Hingorani has shared that he’s  a very happy & satisfied user of 
Oral B electric toothbrush and that it has reduced his dentist visits for cleaning. He has asked 
about our approach towards Electric toothbrush segment. 
 
- Thank you for sharing your valuable feedback and experience. We are happy that you have 
seen a significant difference in your Oral Health. This is congruent to the experience of our 
consumers as well, with our superior IO range of electrical toothbrushes. Within the segment, 
we have continued to strengthen our portfolio and introduce a holistic range, for adults and 
kids, enabling families with a smarter way to brush!  
- The reason is that Oral-B iO power toothbrushes deliver superior cleaning and a delightful user 
experience. We have strengthened our portfolio to also include products at a lower starting 
price point. Powered with the insight that manual brushes leave 50% of plaque bacteria behind, 
but with its round head, Oral-B iO removes 100% more plaque in hard-to-reach places – we are 
communicating this to our consumers. Just like you, the portfolio has found a loyal consumer 
base that continues to grow, and this superior proposition is accelerating power brush trial, 
thereby bringing new users into the category. 
 
Moving on, Mr. Jayesh Poladia, Mr. Niril Parekh from Awriga Capital Advisors LLP, Mr. Vicky 
Punjabi- UTI Mutual Fund, Mr. Vishal Punmiya – YES Securities, have sent in some very 
interesting questions on the growth of Advertising Spends 
- There are various factors that impact A&P spends. This spend is a function of the business need 
at hand and the right scale of consumer awareness needed to address it. It also considers 
innovation pipeline and the awareness support this may require. Therefore, this could vary 
from year to year. When we have a superior product that we have innovated and brought into 
the market, we intend to make as many right consumers as possible aware of that superior 
proposition – with the right combination of messages and touchpoints. This year, we had a 

brilliant lineup of innovation, including the ones we discussed like Gillette Labs, Venus Bikini 
Sensitive, etc. Long term equity building investments are foundational for superiority and trust 
that our brands have developed, and payout is seldom within a couple of quarters. 
- The focus has always been, and remains, growing the category by delighting our consumers 
with superior propositions. 
 
There were few questions from Mr. Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers (India) Pvt. Ltd and 
Fatema Pacha from Mahindra Manulife on the toothpaste segment.   
- We would like to clarify, that we only operate in the Toothbrush segment within Oral Care in 
India. 
 
We have a set of questions on a more detailed revenue mix, shares of sub segments, salience of 
different portfolios. These were from Mr. Sunny Bhadra from Nirmal Bang Institutional 
Equities, Mr. Priyank Chheda- Vallum Capital, Ms. Usha Mimani, Mr. Binay Shukla- Phillip 
Capital India and others.  
 
- We won’t be able to share these specifics, but what we can share is that our growth in Grooming 
has been broad based, as we have grown the category as well as strengthened our market 
leadership. Grooming segment accounts for 80% of the Company’s business salience.  
 
There was also an interest on understanding our future innovation pipeline, be it in 
premium/super premium segment or in Oral Health. These questions were from Ms. Vartika - 
Money Control, Mr. Mayur Parkeria- Wealth Managers (India) Pvt. Ltd, and others.  
 
- Actually, this past year has been great in terms of our brands upgrading and introducing 
innovations across the portfolio. Throughout the fiscal year, the Company continued to delight 
the Indian consumers and drive category growth through a strong product portfolio, superior 
consumer communication and a continuous stream of product innovations. This includes the 
launch of Gillette Labs razors that elevate the shaving experience, seamlessly combining 
shaving and gentle exfoliation for an extraordinary experience, introduction of Venus Bikini 
Sensitive Razors designed for intimate grooming, dermatologically tested with patented 
irritation defense. In the Oral care segment, the Company introduced fun designs for young 
consumers with Oral-B 'Chhota Bheem' toothbrushes.  
- This approach is integral to the success of our integrated growth strategy because it is 
inherently dynamic. It adapts to the changing needs of consumers, customers, and society. It 
demands that we not sit still. Superiority that delights our consumers is ever evolving. So, we 
remain focused on learning and executing what can drive irresistible superiority across each of 
our categories to attract users and help them more effectively tackle their jobs to be done.   
 
Mr. Ajay Thakur- Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, Mr. Vishal Punmiya- YES Securities have 
sent questions on the margin outlook and profitability. We have also received similar questions 
from Mr. Mayur Matani- Maheshkumar and Company, Ms. Fatema Pacha- Mahindra Manulife 
and from Mr. Mehul Savla- Ripplewave Equity Advisors LLP – who has also additionally 
enquired about traded goods purchase. 
  
- Our structural margins this year have actually improved significantly, to the tune of 200 bps, 
driven by our deliberate efforts on productivity across cost buckets, as well as innovation in the 
premium segments to enable consumers to trade up in line with their changing aspirations. We 
leveraged some short-term sales opportunities coming our way in context of the global geo-

political scenario and its implication on our supply chain, and we continue to tap into such 
opportunities. We have already shared with you a long-term picture of our trends in the 
presentation.  
- Overall, for us Productivity is more than cost cutting. It is a more efficient way of operating —
 in service to consumers and customers — every day. Like Kumar mentioned - We have 
developed a strong productivity muscle over the years. Productivity is now fully embedded in 
our operating model and is embraced in every part of our operation. That is the fuel that allows 
us to reinvest in superiority across the five vectors and stay ahead of what consumers want. 
 
There was a keen interest to understand about our distribution network. Mr. Yash Goenka & 
Mr. Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital Advisors LLP, Mr. Binay Shukla- PhillipCapital India, 
Mr. Preeyam Tolia- Axis Securities and a few others have sent questions around this topic. 
 
- We have been consistently and effectively growing our coverage. Over the span of last 3 years, 
our reach and coverage has grown over 1.5 times! Even in the grooming category, we have 
continued to grow our distribution footprint. We have continued to win in store, whether it is 
with the right content, assortment, ratings, reviews and search on the online channels, or the 
right store coverage, product forms, sizes, price points, shelving and merchandising in brick-
and-mortar stores. 
- However, what makes this even more impactful is how we are engaging the stores with the 
power of data and digital transformation. We developed an in-house Artificial intelligence & 
machine learnings algorithm that analyses consumer behaviour patterns to customize a range 
of P&G products at a store level. With this, we have transitioned from a cluster-based planning 
to store/neighbourhood-based planning. This win-win model is helpful for the consumer in 
making their desired products available, and helpful for the storeowners helping them 
optimize inventory and significantly reducing non-moving stock. So, a win-win for all our 
stakeholders! In another example, we are also bringing our consumer-first approach to how our 
brands look online. With a thorough assessment of ratings and reviews on Gillette, we have 
revamped our brand content to better answer consumer queries and provide the information 
they seek when making purchase decisions. This has helped improve conversion significantly. 
 
We have a received a question on the reorganization of our businesses globally and India being 
among the first pilot markets – this is from Mr. Vishal Punmiya, YES Securities. 
 
- We have designed, and continue to refine and strengthen, P&G’s organization structure so that 
it enables P&G people to focus on our biggest opportunities for growth — fully 
empowered, agile, and accountable. This is all in service of delighting consumers with superior 
propositions. 
 
Ms. Vartika from Money Control has enquired about the growth in demand, sales, and volume 
expected during the festive season.  
 
- As part of our strategic approach, we recognize the significance of growing consumption and 
creating value in various markets. The festive season aligns with a crucial buying period in the 
retail industry, and we have developed comprehensive plans to cater to both rural and urban 
markets through traditional retail, modern retail, and ecommerce channels, with strategic 
partnerships with our customers focused on joint value creation in the season.  
 

Moving to the last question. Mr. Subham Sharma from Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC asked 
whether the company has taken any price increase in Gillette Guard portfolio.  
- We are focused on providing consumers with superior performing products at a variety of price 
points, package sizes and retail channels that deliver great value. Consumers are more value 
conscious, than outlay conscious, where they are willing to pay for superior propositions. We 
introduced the upgraded Guard product with platinum coated razors, that provide a safer 
shave, at the price point of Rs. 12. Platinum provides consumers with more confidence on safe 
shaving versus stainless steel and can also provide up to 7 shaves per blade. Additionally, we 
have taken the new product to consumers with a series of superior, compelling advertising. As 
you saw in the presentation, we created unique TV copies for some of our geographies, 
featuring local celebrities and incorporating exciting music and dance routines, while 
delivering the key message of a safe and smooth shave sharply. This resulted in a 
communication which resonated significantly better with the audiences in the region, 
ultimately contributing to the growth of business.  
 
With that, we come to a close on the Q&A section. 
 
We hope today’s session was both informative and exciting for you. We have endeavored to 
respond to most of the questions that we received from you – either in the presentations or in the 
Q&A section at the end. Some questions, while not called out, would have also been addressed as 
part of what you heard from us today.  
  
Thank you to everyone for joining us today!  
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
 
