 
 
 
CIN: L14102TG1991PLC013299 
Registered and Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Phone: +91 40 6631 0111, Email: contact@pokarna.com, Web: www.pokarna.com 
17th August, 2024 
Department of Corporate Services,  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers, 
 Dalal Street, 
Mumbai — 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 532486 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051 
 
Symbol: POKARNA 
  
 
Dear Sirs, 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, the transcript of the audio call recording of 
the Company’s Analyst Call held on 14th August, 2024, on the unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the First quarter ended 30th June, 2024, is 
attached herewith.  
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company’s website using the 
following link:  
https://www.pokarna.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/Pokarna_earningcall_transcript_Q1FY25.pdf 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Pokarna Limited 
 
 
 
Pratima Khandu Gulankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Pratima Khandu 
Gulankar
Digitally signed by Pratima 
Khandu Gulankar 
Date: 2024.08.17 14:37:16 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Pokarna Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa 
Thank you. Good day everyone and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited’s Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
On this call today, we have Mr. Paras Jain - the Chief Executive Officer at Pokarna 
Engineered Stone and Mr. Viswanatha Reddy - the CFO. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. 
I now invite Mr. Paras Jain to open proceedings on this call and share Perspectives 
on Business and Outlook. Over to you, Paras. 
Paras Jain 
Thank you, Gavin. Greetings and thank you all for joining us today. 
Greetings, and thank you for joining us today. While you have the financial numbers 
for the quarter at your disposal, I'd like to share some insights into the quartz surfaces 
industry to provide context for our financial and operational achievements. 
I'm pleased to report that our strategic focus on enhancing profitability and improving 
margins is starting to show positive results. Over the past few quarters, we have 
diligently concentrated on high-value realization products and significantly reduced 
our reliance on producing low-margin items. This shift in strategy is already yielding 
notable outcomes in our quartz segment. Our first quarter performance reflects a 

 
Page 2 of 13 
meaningful improvement in margins, demonstrating that our efforts to optimize our 
product mix are indeed bearing fruit. 
Sustaining this momentum is crucial as we navigate through the challenging market 
conditions in the U.S., which we anticipate will persist for the next few quarters. The 
current U.S. market environment is marked by rising interest rates, ongoing inflation, 
and a weak housing market. 
In response, we are executing plans to optimize both our revenues and costs. 
Despite these challenges, we remain focused on developing and delivering 
innovative, high-value products. We are receiving continued enthusiastic responses 
for our quartz from customers in Canada, France, Mexico, and Russia. 
As part of our ongoing capital expenditures, I am excited to update you on two key 
technological advancements: 
1. 
Kreos: The Kreos system, developed by Breton, enhances our production 
capabilities by enabling the creation of ultra-thin slabs, in addition to the unique 
designs and various thicknesses we currently offer. This advanced mixture 
extrusion and distribution system is being installed and is on track for 
commercialization in Q3 FY25. Kreos will not only expand our ability to produce 
ultra-thin slabs but also complement our existing product lines with innovative 
designs. 
2. 
Chromia: Chromia, also from Breton, focuses on high-definition digital printing for 
quartz surfaces. Part of the Chromia machinery has been shipped by Breton and 
is expected to arrive late this quarter and early next quarter. Once operational, 
Chromia will enable us to offer precise, high-resolution decoration on slabs with 
intricate patterns and vibrant colors, further differentiating our product offerings. 
Shifting focus to our operational challenges, we are experiencing escalated ocean 
freight rates on our overseas or imported procurements. Additionally, we are facing 
delays in the arrival of raw materials, which further impacts our delivery timelines and 
operational efficiency. While the international shipping situation influences our 
procurement expenses, our sales are generally protected as they are typically 
conducted on an FCA/FOB basis. For sales on a CIP basis, we pass the increased 
freight rates on to our customers. However, we do experience indirect effects on 
sales due to delays in shipping caused by the current chaotic international shipping 
environment. We are doing everything in our power to manage this situation 
effectively and minimize its impact. 
We anticipate that pricing pressures will continue in the market, driven by lower 
demand, constrained consumer spending on large purchases, and a tendency for 
consumers to trade down. Our commitment remains steadfast in continuing to 
improve our sales mix through differentiated offerings. We believe this approach will 
help us mitigate pricing pressures and position us for long-term success. 
Turning to our granite business, the environment remains challenging and this is 
reflected in our results for the quarter. We are taking all necessary steps to cut costs 
and explore avenues to increase revenue within this division. Given the current 
business environment, we anticipate that the granite business will continue to face 
challenges in the foreseeable future, and we are maintaining a cautious outlook. 
Thank you for your continued support and interest in our company. We’ll now be glad 
to take your questions. 
 

 
Page 3 of 13 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with a question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Shreyans Jain from Svan Investment Managers.   
Shreyans Jain 
Sir, my first question is, I think previously we are guiding for Q2 FY25 for KREOS to 
be commercialized. So, I think you mentioned Q3 right now, so why the delay of one 
quarter? Sir, my second question is, you had mentioned in the previous calls that 
KREOS and CHROMIA have been done by two players from Korea and Italy. So, I 
just wanted some sense on the realizations of that product category since these two 
players have been selling the product in the market, what is the sense on the 
realization? How different it is from our current product? 
Paras Jain 
See KREOS, we are currently foreseeing that should be close to September and in 
terms of commercialization, but it could also spill to another one or two weeks, which 
is probably around 15th of October. So, on the mention, I am saying Q3, but 
practically we are saying it is going to be September end, but then depending upon, 
see this is all done by Italians, the time the technicians come and then there are 
some hot and cold startups, so there could be a spillage of one or two weeks. That 
is the reason we are giving you the Q3 guidance now instead of Q2. And now coming 
to your question on CHROMIA, the CHROMIA line till now, to our understanding has 
not been commercialized yet with anybody. KREOS, yes, has been commercialized 
by a player in Korea. So, the product what they are offering the company in Korea 
typically offer the product largely in B2C segment, so the price realization may not 
necessarily be an indication what the market would be, but definitely we believe that 
the realization would be slightly higher than the medium range products what we 
currently offer in the market. 
Shreyans Jain 
Sir, my second question is if you could just give us some sense, I was reading on 
Breton’s website that this CHROMIA technology includes 40% less silica. So, I am 
just trying to understand when we start manufacturing this product, is my 
understanding correct that our gross margins should typically be higher because we 
lower the silica content better for us how should I look at that? 
Paras Jain 
CHROMIA is basically a printing. So, it depends upon what substrate you have for 
printing. So, it is possible that you produce a low crystalline silica product, and you 
print on it. So, it is not necessarily that every product would have a low crystalline 
silica because of CHROMIA. So, CHROMIA is just like a printer, the base which is a 
page or a slab in this case, will determine whether it will have a low crystalline silica 
or not. 
Shreyans Jain 
And sir, my second question to this is how has been the newer markets for us, how 
have been Canada, Mexico, Russia, India and sir some sense on the capacity 
utilization that we are operating at currently? 
Paras Jain 
Basically, the new market like Canada is progressing definitely well. France is 
progressing good. Russia, we continue to face shipping challenges while the market 
is improving for the product there because we have done a good amount of 
marketing there with our distributor. But the challenging situation is with regard to the 
shipping today because it is not easy to ship material from India to Russia, it takes a 
longer time and the vessels are not all the time available, so unless I think the 
shipping situation improves for shipping the product to Russia, while the product is 
well accepted, will continue to have a limited demand coming from there. India, we 
have recruited a sizable team today now and we are focusing on going to the channel 
in a different business model now. So, it has just started. It is going to take some 
time. The capacity utilization as you know always I keep that number a little guarded. 
What I can tell you is that we are very close to the optimum capacity. 

 
Page 4 of 13 
Shreyans Jain 
So, sir, can we expect some CAPEX in FY26? And the last question is what are our 
debt levels by the end of Q1? 
Paras Jain 
CAPEX currently at the Board level, we do not have any plans considering for the 
CAPEX, but as a company, we keep always evaluating the different options which 
we get. So, currently we do not have any active CAPEX beyond KREOS and 
CHROMIA as submitted. But then we will keep evaluating the options, and as it 
comes in the future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shikhar Mundra from Vivog 
Commercial Limited.   
Shikhar Mundra 
Just wanted more flavor on how is India developing as a market for us and what are 
our plans? And what kind of revenues are we generating from India currently? 
Paras Jain 
For India, for us is definitely a very small market at this time and the steps what we 
are taking are for the long term. So, we do not see that immediately in a near future, 
we will have a substantial revenues coming out of India. So, currently our revenues 
while they are in double digit growth, but we believe that there is a room to improve 
that. So, I think it is going to take at least a year or two to see that the strategy 
fructifies. 
Shikhar Mundra 
What kind of debt levels can we expect end of the year? 
Viswanatha Reddy 
As on today, it is Rs. 304 crore and the next 12-month repayment is actually Rs. 50 
crore. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay 
Investment Advisors.   
Naman Parmar 
I just wanted to know what was the volume growth and value growth in the current 
quarter? And secondly, how much the new geography has been contributed to the 
overall revenue? 
Paras Jain 
If you look at the sequential quarter, it was double-digit growth, as I said earlier also 
we do not give any statistical numbers for obvious reasons. But what I can tell you is 
that on a sequential basis, it was a double-digit growth what we had in sales volume. 
And the newer geographies are contributing better than the previous quarters, but 
still the meaningful contribution is not there in that. 
Naman Parmar 
Any specific number can you provide them? 
Paras Jain 
I think we have refrained from providing because we have a lot of our friends from 
competition on the call, so we actually do not give some numbers because there is 
a lot of data pilferage which happens. So, I would request if you can leave with 
whatever I have answered. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead 
Investment Advisors.   
Sonaal Kohli 
I have a couple of questions, so please bear with me. Firstly, when you say that you 
are running at optimal capacity utilization, I just wanted to clarify, in the past we had 
quarters where we had significantly higher revenues even when we are not using a 
full capacity. So, when you say that you are running at optimal capacity utilization, 
this obviously does not take into account any product mix changes or what you can 

 
Page 5 of 13 
achieve based on the product mix in terms of capability or are you saying that your 
peak revenue per quarter will only be Rs. 187 crore? 
Paras Jain 
When we say optimum capacity utilization, we are typically driven more by the 
product mix here because if you are producing a product which requires three times 
the time which typically a medium or a lower end product would require. You typically 
come closer to an optimum capacity utilization. So, while there is some headroom to 
improve, but in terms of the bottomline is where we think mostly we are positioned, 
if not on the topline. 
Sonaal Kohli 
Is it possible for you to do a revenue of Rs. 200-Rs. 250 crore based on the product 
mix ever in the future or based on current capacity, you think that is unlikely to 
happen? I am not talking about it now, let us take couple of quarters? 
Paras Jain 
Run rate can come closer to 200 plus, but the bottomline in that case would be very 
similar to what numbers you are seeing, because if you see the bottomline, currently 
that is historically the highest we have reported while the revenues may not be 
historical. 
Sonaal Kohli 
And did you have any plant shut down this quarter because of which you lost revenue 
or shipping delays because of which you lost revenues? 
Paras Jain 
We have not had any plant shutdowns in this quarter because and there is also one 
more reason why there is little revenue lag would be also because of the shipping 
situation, there is some revenue portion which we are not able to account for while 
the material is still at the ICD because we typically basis on the sales we do, we 
recognize the revenue when they actually arrive at the shipping port. So, if the 
material is lying in Hyderabad ICD while it is shipped from our factory, we still do not 
recognize this revenue till it reaches Nhava Sheva. And also, as I mentioned in my 
opening comments, there has been little delay in shipping out the materials as well 
because the current shipping environment, there are a lot of blank sailings happening 
which vessels are limited and the rates also have escalated. So, customers are also 
sometimes pushing out to see if their next month situation improves. So, there could 
be a little lag on the revenue side because of that as well. 
Sonaal Kohli 
Sir, two more questions. Firstly, what are your thoughts on the hotel CAPEX, it is 
overdue for some time, and I assume the pent up demand must have reduced now 
overseas as well and hotels may be looking for a big overhaul this year or next year, 
any lead indicators you are seeing or what are your views on this? And secondly, 
how long would it take you to ramp up your CAPEX considering the line which you 
had acquired in your new plant worth much more than your needs? 
Paras Jain 
So, the hotel projects are definitely seeing an improvement in demand. So, our 
inquiry funnel has expanded. So, we believe that there is a lot of traction and heat in 
the renovation in hotel segments in the US and we are seeing that on the ground as 
well. So, on the second question, I did not get your question. Was it ramping up the 
KREOS and CHROMIA or you are talking about expansion and new capacity 
addition? 
Sonaal Kohli 
Expansion of new capacity as well as since you alluded to the new initiatives you are 
taking, also on that front, if they were to come on stream, what kind of incremental 
revenues could you get from those? A very rough estimate would like to know. 
Paras Jain 
If we have to add another line, typically depending upon what the lead time from the 
supplier of equipment would be. Usually what we have seen that if anything between 
15 to 18 months, it takes for the line to commercialize till the time we take a decision 
and then apart from the ones that comes in, then you have typically a year to stabilize 

 
Page 6 of 13 
the operations and get the run rate coming from there. KREOS and CHROMIA are 
not as complicated as our full plant is. But again, then the product has to be 
established and marketed also because the products what we are looking to 
manufacture are not traditional products, especially from KREOS. It is a completely 
new product in terms of the look and also the feasibility of producing a thin slab, so 
thin slab market is typically a different market than the traditional 2 cm, 3 cm market. 
So, typically we believe that KREOS are also to stabilize and give a good amount of 
revenue would require at least a year to come to align and CHROMIA typically is just 
an ornamental decoration on top of it, so commercialization of the technology would 
not take much time. But then deriving the product out of it again, we believe that it 
will take at least 6 to 12 months for the right products to be set because printing is 
something which is very new to this industry and doing a right quality of printing in 
line with the Pokarna standard would require that we invest a good amount of time 
and resources in developing the right product, so this is our sense at this time. So, 
in terms of giving you as to how incremental the numbers would be, it is currently 
little early to give answer to that, but when we come closer and if we have some 
answer, we will definitely come back and give you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hrishikesh Bhagat from Kotak Mutual 
Fund.   
Hrishikesh Bhagat 
So, the question is, the increase in employee cost, is it the reference to the increased 
hiring in India, that is how we should look at? 
Paras Jain 
So, the increase in employee cost is basically for multiple reasons. One is definitely 
we are adding more headcount, so that has also contributed to it. And secondly, we 
have linked certain employees’ key managerial personnel with the performance of 
the company. So, based on the performance we are providing for that in our books. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat 
And in PPT, you mentioned that next quarters, you intend to maintain revenue and 
profitability. So, is it then fair to say that it is potentially Rs. 190-Rs. 200 crore revenue 
is now where we can be confident that probably retaining this run rate in immediate 
future, that is how we should look at it and this margin of 34%-35%. 
Paras Jain 
So, I think there are two riders to this. One is definitely the shipping situation should 
also support us because if the way shipping is currently happening, there could be a 
10%-15% plus or minus because we are not seeing a larger improvement yet in the 
shipping side of it. So, while we produce and keep it, we will not be able to move out. 
So, that may be an impact, which can come on to the numbers. And then, of course, 
the product mix also in a quarter would be a driving factor. So, whatever visibility we 
have for a quarter, we largely think that we will be range bound. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sneha Talreja from 
Nuvama Institutional Equities.  
Sneha Talreja 
Sir, just a bit on these two new technologies you mentioned, and you said that these 
are mostly, largely at least new technologies from a perspective that nobody as of 
now is doing it where please find the application which is the target market. Is this 
the same market US or is it your new geographies that you are now looking at where 
you will find applications and more importantly any revenue potential that you can 
guide us with from these new areas given that your current capacity is already 
running at optimum utilization? 
Paras Jain 
So, basically KREOS can do 2 type of things. One is it can extrude the product in a 
very innovative way which can give a new decoration to the existing product, what 
we make in 2 cm and 3 cm. Secondly, what it can do is, it can also create an ultra-
thin product like a 7mm thin product, which means that a 7mm thin product can be 

 
Page 7 of 13 
used for a lot of applications where thinner materials are used, like furniture tops, 
especially in the markets like Europe, where they are focusing more on sustainability, 
which means that use less materials, which means that you give them thinner 
product, but yes, you give them the product which has the right aesthetics and also 
give you the product which are technically strong enough to take the loads. And 
again, there is a lot of cladding market and there is a market for like in yorks and in 
ships where they want thinner materials to be there. So, typically it can be used in 
the existing application as a countertop with a 2 cm, 3 cm or a lower thickness 
product. And if you do a special profile like a mitered edge, you can actually even 
use a thinner profile for the countertop. And then the target market of course would 
be US and also Europe we believe is going to be an important market for thinner 
materials. As I just answered to Sonaal before, it is too early for us to give you 
indication as to what the revenue potential currently, because we have to experiment 
with lot of product development on this side of it before we come to a clarity as to 
where and how much incremental we would really get because theoretical number 
may not necessarily be right in the market conditions today. 
Sneha Talreja 
But fair to assume that the asset turns would be higher than the current asset turns 
and margins would be better given it is more technologically advanced? 
Paras Jain 
The asset turns may not necessarily be higher, but probably the bottomline could be 
relatively higher because here we are not adding any square footage in terms of the 
production. What we are adding is the decoration capacity, what we are adding is 
the new line of products. So, I think the focus if you go back to couple of my previous 
calls, you will see that the focus has been on improving the margin profile than 
chasing only asset returns. So, that is where this is going towards. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Vora from Nuvama Asset 
Management.   
Ajay Vora 
So, this freight issue that we are facing right now, was it also there in Q1 or has it 
accelerated recently? 
Paras Jain 
No, this has been continuing for a while. On the freight side, Ajay, the situation was 
there in Q1 and is there in Q2 and as the situation continues like this in Q2, I think 
Q3 would also be largely the same, because with the Chinese New Year coming, 
there is a lot of shipping, which happens out of China to US for Thanksgiving, this 
New Year and Christmas. So, usually we see that period of time, there is a 
heightened activity on the shipping side of it. So, that is our take currently on the 
shipping. 
Ajay Vora 
So, broadly, I am just trying to understand that whatever we have shipped and 
delivered in Q1 was also with this shipping restriction and suppose if that eases out 
in couple of quarters maybe not till Q3, but post that the overall delivery and the 
shipment can see some sort of improvement over the existing numbers? 
Paras Jain 
Yes, so again, there are two facts to it. See one, we have to remember that end of 
the year shipping situations, the deliveries which happen in end of December, 
customers are not interested in taking the materials coming in after 15th of 
December, especially in the US. Because you have your Christmas and New Year 
coming in. So, a lot of staffs are on leave and all. So, usually everything is 
synchronized in such a way that either they arrive before that day, or they arrive after 
they come back from the New Year. So, there could be a little lag in Q3 if customers 
say that if the transit times are increasing because of the current transit times in 
certain places have almost doubled up. Like today, like I was saying last month, a 
transit time to Long Beach on one of the shipping lines portal was shown as 132 
days, which typically is was supposed to be less than 5 weeks. So, of course, the 

 
Page 8 of 13 
situation is improving in some sectors, it is not improving in some sectors. So, it 
depends upon how this really pans out, and then only we can say that okay, what 
happened in Q1 is something which can happen also in Q3. 
Ajay Vora 
But how are the distributors handling this situation meaning, are they looking to stop 
because the goods are coming a little late or because of the end user demand? How 
are the things between the consumer and the distributors? 
Paras Jain 
It depends upon the product also and it also depends upon the distributor. If the 
product is at a level, which is lower to medium level, they typically would be interested 
in pushing out the deliveries, unless they are committed to some programs, because 
if you are committed to some programs then the program customers expect that you 
have to deliver the product, whatever is the situation. So, otherwise you end up 
paying some damages. That is the situation which our customers have. So, they will 
have to take a call whether those colors are part of any programs where they have 
committed and how their inventory is currently with them, because every distributor 
has a strategy as to how much inventory they want to maintain of a particular SKU. 
So, that is the answer. There is no direct answer to it. It all depends upon how they 
and definitely the current demand as you see the housing numbers are also not that 
promising and remodeling is relatively slow as well. Only thing some of the customers 
are saying is that either the high end homes or some commercial segments where 
the demand is pending up, so that may also push out certain part of the demand. But 
if the designs are unique and they are launching the new designs, then they want 
the designs to be shipped without any hold back, even if the situations are chaotic. 
Ajay Vora 
So, largely what we are saying is that, till the whole freight situation improves, plus 
minus 10% from year should continue. And then since we are at the optimal product 
mix right now, once the new technology kicks in, say in 2-3 quarters, then we can 
see higher realization and basically better margins going forward, right? 
Paras Jain 
Yes. So, basically, unless the freight situation improves, the numbers are range 
bound of course with the rider, as I said earlier, what the product makes in that 
quarter is going to be. And once the technologies, CHROMIA and KREOS stabilizes, 
definitely we are working on a strategy to improve our realization and that should 
kick in once we are through that. 
Ajay Vora 
And lastly, just now that we are working with this capacity, when do you think that 
we can announce the future CAPEX? 
Paras Jain 
See, this is something which is difficult to answer because at the management level, 
we keep exploring a lot of options and opportunities, but nothing at the Board level 
as of now. And as I said earlier in the call, it takes 15-18 months on time we 
announced. So, I think as soon as the Board has made a decision, we will definitely 
make an announcement. At the moment, we do not have anything on the cards. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine 
Investment Management.   
Chirag Shah 
Sir, first just a clarification. So, you said that you record revenues when the shipment 
reaches the end destination port, right? And it is not FOB that is how you record it, 
correct? 
Paras Jain 
We report the revenue for FOB or FCA or CIP, when the goods are delivered at the 
Indian ports, so basically, let us look at a situation in our Hyderabad. 
Chirag Shah 
At the Indian port right and not at the destination port? 

 
Page 9 of 13 
Paras Jain 
Not the destination port. 
Chirag Shah 
And sir, my second question is, once the goods reached to the distributors 
warehouse and till the end customer says generally how much time it takes based 
on your interaction with distributor, if the goods have reached the distributor’s 
warehouse today, if at 2-3 month period where the sales happened or it could be 
even longer or it is shorter if you can just throw some light on this? 
Paras Jain 
See, this is a very tricky question and there is not a straight answer to this because 
there are some materials which are presold so they are just waiting for the materials 
to arrive, and they sell it off. And there are some materials which typically have a 
short conversion cycle. They can be sold in one month through three months, but 
there are certain materials which have a longer conversion cycle so they can take 
even up to six months plus. So, there is no straight answer to this. It depends upon 
the distributor. It depends upon the product. 
Chirag Shah 
But sir, based on your experience, if it took on an annual basis, 40%-50% of your 
revenue would be short cycle based, that would be a right assumption, or it would 
be a higher number would be a short cycle based? 
Paras Jain 
We actually do not have the ability to give answer with our experience on this. What 
I can tell you is that typically it takes 3-6 months for a product to converse in a cycle. 
Chirag Shah 
Sir, my second question is, if I look at your quarterly profit or operating profits or PAT, 
however, you may look at it, we are at the peak of profitability because in the past 
we have touched these numbers and then cyclicality demand issued whatever 
something comes in and we have not been able to cross it. So, how should one look 
at the profit? I understand in the revenue front what you highlighted, but how should 
one we look at EBITDA/profitability, absolute number going up from here on because 
in the past we have been at around Rs. 65 crore of operating profit and Rs. 40 crore 
of PBT, but we have not been able to go beyond that? 
Paras Jain 
So, basically, in any business, there are certain limitations. It is very difficult to say 
that, or it is not right to say also that it is not going to happen, or it is going to happen. 
So, I think the numbers, as I said at the beginning of my call, some of the numbers 
are historical. And for EBITDA we have always maintained that we will have a target 
between 30% and 35% and of course, we always want to cross whatever 
benchmarks we have put. And there are times when we have crossed 35 also 
historically if you go look at our numbers years back, then you will see that there was 
a time when we were very close to 40% EBITDA also. So, having said that can you 
do it again? Yes, there is a scope that can be done, but again, it comes with specific 
riders, as you said sometimes something happens other times some other thing 
happens so then product mix is the factor which derives it and of course the demand 
has to continue to the level that is today. But then the simple answer is yes, it is 
possible, but to what extent that is difficult to tell today? 
Chirag Shah 
And sir, one last question if I can squeeze in, your commentary on the macro demand 
is not that good is the way you understand it. But somehow we are able to deliver 
strong results. So, what is this one or two factor which is helping you to do this? Is it 
design and quality sales or it is more about? 
Paras Jain 
If you look at the situation out in the US, definitely the macro situation is not so 
promising. That has been a situation which neither you can deny, nor I can deny. 
That is the fact. It is open to everybody. But the fact remains that the differentiation 
in the product and the type of customer base we have is what is differentiating us 
and still helping us to navigate these challenges positively because in every adversity 
there is opportunity, and we are able to use that adversity to our opportunity. And 

 
Page 10 of 13 
that is our strategy. So, now see a lot of people can copy our strategy, but it is difficult 
to execute because if I tell somebody, somebody can pick up my strategy document 
and try to implement it. But then can they execute it? That is where the differentiation 
and I think the way as a team we are executing it, that is where we are able to 
differentiate from other players in the market both internationally and in the domestic 
market. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead India 
Fund.   
Sonaal Kohli 
I have couple of questions. Considering your plans to ramp up in other markets such 
as Russia and other plants, how would you grow considering you do not have 
capacity, would you consider an acquisition either in India or overseas? I believe a 
lot of surplus capacities are available, any thoughts on that? 
Paras Jain 
So, at this moment, we do not have any organic or inorganic plans in our   
consideration. But yes, depending upon the situation, if we have to look at some 
option, we will look at it. But currently, we believe that whatever capacity we have, 
we will be able to service the demand what we are seeing in certain markets and if 
we see that see there has to be a good medium-term promise which has to come 
out from the market for us to react and do something. Unless the situation on 
shipping side improves with Russia, whatever we try to do would definitely not give 
us or yield any results and now since already we are implementing our CAPEX of 
KREOS and CHROMIA, our focus is there to make sure that the line commercializes 
well and as soon as we believe that we are in the right track, probably we will do 
something, but today it is too early to comment on it. 
Sonaal Kohli 
Sir, you have mentioned in the previous comment that the time because you are 
doing higher quality products, the time period to produce has increased significantly, 
but even in the prior two quarters, we have been doing higher quality products and I 
also understand based on last few years of your comments that while time increases, 
but the realization also increase very significantly. In that light, when you say that 
you are running at your optimal capacity utilization, is it like, being a conservative 
management, you are just being little till you do not see the result, you are being a 
little conservative or there is something structurally changed that the realization 
incrementally, despite the increasing time are not proportionate like they used to be 
in the past when you used to talk about these in previous years? 
Paras Jain 
So, there are two parts answer to this Sonaal. One is definitely that when we do a 
higher realization product, the production capacity comes down and that is the 
reason while we produce, we have a low topline relatively, we have a better 
bottomline because the realization goes up. And secondly, if you see there is a 
comment, also in my opening comment today where I said that there is definitely a 
pricing pressure in the market which means that we cannot continue to command 
the product pricing as we want all the time, so we also have to adjust some of our 
products to the market situations from time to time. So, that also has to be factored 
when we say that the pricing realization is higher, but then it is subject to a cap that 
as and when needed in line with the market demand, we keep tapering the prices 
and again start working on the new strategies as to how do we come back on a better 
realization than what we had. 
Sonaal Kohli 
And lastly, sir, any plans to consider JV seriously in India to ramp up in India 
considering implementation and increasing real estate prices because the 
opportunity may not last forever and others may grab this opportunity before us, and 
can I say that the difference between your production revenue this quarter could be 
around 10%? Is that a fair assessment? 

 
Page 11 of 13 
Paras Jain 
At this time, we do not have any option which is at the Board level for a JV, but I do 
not know whether I will say yes or no to anything at this time because it is too early 
to comment on it. But I think if there is an opportunity, definitely Board will explore 
and give a right direction to that. But I am not saying that we are averse to it or in 
favor of at this time. 
Sonaal Kohli 
Sir, I was trying to ask you two things, the gap between your production revenues of 
this quarter, would it be like broadly around 10%? And secondly, if the hotel ramp-
up, would your margins and revenues improved because whatever I understand is 
that hotels are more standardized products in bulk orders, but they are still come on 
better margins and you have expertise in this as compared to some of your peers? 
Paras Jain 
So, of course, today even our current mix, what you see still we do not have double 
digit numbers coming from the hotel sales, our cut to size product sales to the US. 
So, that is still not reached because as I said that there is an increased funnel which 
is there in terms of inquiry. We are seeing a good amount of conversion happening, 
but still, it is not there at the double-digit number yet. 
Sonaal Kohli 
But if it is going to happen, what do you benefit? 
Paras Jain 
Yes, definitely. If the cut to size segment improves instead of saying hotel, we should 
say cut to size because, of course, largely it goes to hotels, but it could have other 
application as well. So, if cut to size production or sales improves, definitely it helps 
us to improve margins. There is no doubt about that. 
Sonaal Kohli 
And gap between production and revenue for this quarter, would it be like 5%-10%, 
would it be more than 10%, what you produce versus what you are able to sell? 
Paras Jain 
Yes, it would be less than 10%, but more than 5%. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question, which is the last question from the line of 
Shreyans Jain from Svan Investment Managers.   
Shreyans Jain 
Sir, my first question is what kind of impact would we have seen due to these freight 
issues, shipping issues in terms of revenues and also in terms of OPEX? 
Paras Jain 
See, we have a good amount of raw materials and certain consumables coming from 
Europe and other parts of the world. So, something which was less than $500, the 
container has become close to $5,000 the container. So, that shows you how much 
impact that would have on whatever we are importing from those parts of the world 
where the freights are escalated. So, we do not have an absolute number to give 
you, but it is a good amount of hit at least the way we look at it because those are 
containers which we buy in bulk from these parts of the world. And in terms of sales, 
as I said that we have produced the material, we have shipped the material out of 
the factory. It is lying in the ICD, not yet reached the port. And once it reaches the 
port, it typically has to be on board and only when it is reaching the port or it is on 
board, that is when we recognize the revenue. So, if you see there could be definitely 
more than 5% sale which is not recognized because the material is lying between 
the port and the factory. And secondly this also effects because the cash conversion 
cycle for us also takes longer time because depending upon our payment terms, the 
large portion of our payment is realized when the material is on board. So, there are 
times when we are sitting on the materials for more than two to three months also, 
after having invested the working capital in production. And then also that impacts 
because the customer wants the material, we have produced the material, but the 
material is not still on the water. So, it also impacts the overall cash conversion cycle 
for the customer also. So, that means that if he is getting the material delayed, either 
my product is losing the opportunity or he is losing the opportunity, which means that 

 
Page 12 of 13 
next reordering level also gets pushed out, so these are indirect effects of the 
shipping, which happens. 
Shreyans Jain 
So, where I am coming from is the last quarter, we did other OPEX of about Rs. 34 
crore if I adjust for the Rs. 14 crore of one-off that you had mentioned Rs. 7 crore 
advertisement, Rs. 7 crore of inventory write-off. So, Q-o-Q OPEX is up by 40%. 
So, I will just have to understand the impact of freight that would have come because 
that also technically should be a one off, which you are saying Q2-Q3 should 
normalize, so that is where I am coming from? 
Paras Jain 
Q2-Q3 it would normalize. I am saying that if it does not normalize in Q2, it will not 
even normalize in Q3. Because Q1 situation is continuing in Q2 and if it is continuing 
in Q2 also for the September, then we believe that even Q3, the freight situation will 
continue to be challenging. That was my mention when I spoke in the previous 
answer. 
Shreyans Jain 
And sir, as far as your past conversation, what I understand is the line 1 peak 
revenues was about Rs. 400 crore and line 2 was supposed to be 1.3x. So, that 
comes from Rs. 200-Rs. 250 crore per quarter and now I think in the call you 
mentioned earlier, that Rs. 200 crore is something that you should look at as peak 
revenues at peak capacity, right? So, where is the gap in my understanding from 
what I understand was Rs. 250 crore we could have done from the new line? 
Paras Jain 
Let me correct your understanding. I do not recall saying that line 1 will have Rs. 400 
crore revenue ever because that is the number which I do not know if you guys have 
given that number based on some extrapolation, that is something which is your 
crystal gazing mathematics, but that is not coming from us. So, we have written a 
revenue of over Rs.200 crore in the past. So, if you look at this number can become 
Rs.250 crore, yes it can become Rs.250 crore, but there are several constants which 
we have to assume, the product mix has to be right. The thickness mix has to be 
right; the demand conditions have to be right and all that stuff. But then the bottom 
line will be coming very close to what we currently have will be a question mark. So, 
as I said at the beginning of my call, the focus now is not on chasing the topline, but 
chasing the bottomline that it becomes healthier even if the topline is compromised 
to some extent. So, we can do Rs. 200 crore plus, yes, provide the shipping situation 
improves and becomes normal, and the demand conditions continue to be normal. 
But will we be able to get number what we currently report in a significantly way can 
we improve, we think that that would take a little time because we are working on 
new products to come in. Once the new products get commercialized, yes, that would 
be a time where we will get incremental margins and incremental profitability as well. 
Shreyans Jain 
Sir, my last and final question is India as a market of 5 years, 7 years out, how big 
do you think can India be for us? Can it be 5%, 10%, 20%? Why I am asking this is 
when we look at the Indian real estate market, companies are coming up with Rs. 
60-Rs. 70 crore houses and projects for one unit. So, I am just trying to understand 
the opportunities there. So, what is your sense on the opportunity size for us because 
25-30 lakhs of quartz in a Rs. 60 crore house, I think we can easily do that kind of a 
business, so just some sense there on the macro-opportunity for India? 
Paras Jain 
See, there are two parts to this. One part is definitely India as a market is growing 
and you have given some statistics. But then the application of the product cannot 
be as high as a tile or as high as a natural stone, which can be applied at multi 
locations like floorings to exterior claddings to what. So, product per se have certain 
limitation in terms of applications. So, largely this product is used for kitchen 
countertop and certain interior vertical application, so the overall spend what 
happens on a quartz in the house may not necessarily be Rs. 50 or Rs. 60 lakh which 
typically can run into crore even for products like marble. But then coming to a 

 
Page 13 of 13 
second part of question, yes, we think that once the strategy is in place in a medium 
term we think that we will be definitely able to have a market share in our total 
portfolio of 10% coming from India, but then it is going to take some time before that 
happens. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for 
today, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Paras Jain 
Thank you, everyone and I look forward to catching up again in the next quarter. 
Thank you. 
  
