 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 502-503, SAKAR III, OPP. OLD HIGH COURT, OFF ASHRAM ROAD, AHMEDABAD-380014, GUJARAT, INDIA 
PH.: +91-79-40507000, 27541989   E-mail: finance@armanindia.com CIN: L55910GJ1992PLC018623 
 
Date: August 21, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai- 400051 
Script Code:  531179 
ISIN: INE109C01017 
Symbol: ARMANFIN 
Series: EQ  
 
Dear Sir,  
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTOR CALL HELD ON AUGUST 16, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation of our letter dated August 13, 2024, please find attached herewith the 
transcript of the conference call held on Friday, August 16, 2024 for Q1 FY 2024-25. 
Kindly take it on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jaimish Patel 
Company Secretary  
M. No.-A42244 
JAIMISH 
GOVINDBHAI 
PATEL
Digitally signed by JAIMISH GOVINDBHAI PATEL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380024, l=Ahmedabad, 
st=Gujarat, street=412-2306 Gujarat Housing Board, Bapunagar, Nr, 
Navrnag Flat, title=7699, 
2.5.4.20=225770a731266e13c2cb9586f41792d914836897ddd610f4
5c89a75d5eae81eb, 
serialNumber=d7887e078ab1b7c7ddc751f5a22613a1a60f051f5e0c
3317b156380e8cbfc11d, email=jaimish.702@gmail.com, 
cn=JAIMISH GOVINDBHAI PATEL 
Date: 2024.08.21 18:39:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Arman Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 16, 2024 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 
16th August 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYENDRA PATEL – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK PATEL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK MODI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MAYANK MISTRY – JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arman Financial Services Limited Q1 FY 25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I hand the conference to Mr. Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thank you, Lerma. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Arman Financial Services. 
 
First of all, I would like to thank the management of Arman Financial Services for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. From the management team, we have Mr. Jayendra Patel, Vice 
Chairman and MD; Mr. Alok Patel, Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Vivek Modi, Group CFO. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Patel for his opening remarks, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Alok Patel: 
Thank you, Mayank, and thank you to the JM team for hosting this call. On behalf of Arman 
Financial Services Limited, I extend a warm welcome to our Q1 FY '25 earnings conference 
call. 
 
As Mayank said, joining me today are Mr. Jayendra Patel, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director; Vivek Modi, Group CFO; and also the Investor Relations team. I hope you had the 
opportunity to review the Q1 results, the press release and the presentation made available on 
the stock exchanges and our website. 
 
Before diving into the quarterly performance updates, I wish to start by addressing the elephant 
in the room. You would have noticed an uptick in the overall credit cost from the previous 
quarters and the reduction in volumes. This is not specific to Arman, but affects the microfinance 
industry as a whole. And at our size, we are not immune to the overall market conditions. 
 
As is the tendency with such industry-wide issues, people within and outside the industry, in 
hindsight, try to dissect the causes behind this. In my experience, it's never one thing, but a series 
of factors that lead to such issues. The good news is that, in my belief, most of the reasons 
discussed below are fixable, and I would like to highlight some key aspects of the overall 
landscape of this. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
After a strong post-COVID rural economy, coupled with deregulations on April 1, 2022, another 
gold rush started for the microfinance industry. Arman, as you may have noticed, is benefiting 
greatly from these favorable circumstances with record growth in profits in both FY '23 and '24. 
However, changes in the regulation led to some unintended consequences. 
 
Under the previous regulation, the total MFI indebtedness of a customer was regulatory 
restricted to a conservative cap of about INR1.25 lakhs. This rule to restrict over-leveraging was 
changed to the 50% FOIR on household income rule. This was a perfectly reasonable adjustment 
as it was not practical to paint all MFI customers with the same brush. And both the industry 
and the customer had matured to move with the next phase of financial inclusion. 
 
The challenge, however, is conducting a reasonably accurate household income assessment is a 
work in progress for the industry, especially due to how MFI operations are structured with 
credit closely connected to operations. Remember, to maintain a repayment rate of 97% plus, 
we have to select our customers correctly 97% of the time, a slim margin of error indeed. 
 
To further add to that, the availability of non-MFI loans to rural customers has increased 
drastically with many banks and other NBFCs tailoring their existing products to reach to the 
emerging rural pockets. This includes loans like fintechs, MSME, LAP, personal gold, vehicle 
loans amongst many others. With easy access to credit and the culture of customer changing, we 
are suitably adapting to the changing scenario while simultaneously stopping the repayment 
culture from diluting. 
 
You may recall that the risk of over-leveraging is something that we have been aware and also 
discussed at length over the past several quarters. This, coupled with the disruption due to 
elections, heatwaves and unusually high employee turnover, created a tipping point and leading 
to higher slippages this quarter. Both the industry and Arman are taking reasonable steps to try 
and mitigate these issues. Amidst the situation highlighted above, a silver lining is that the 
subsidiary, Namra Finance, recently received a credit upgrade improving from A- stable to A 
stable from ACUITE ratings. Arman stand-alone upgrade is expected to be released shortly as 
well. 
 
Now turning to the Q1 FY '25 consolidated performance. Owing to the short-term challenges, 
we maintained a cautious approach to growth, ensuring stability of our operations. Our 
consolidated assets under management stood at INR2,594 crores as compared to INR2,143 
crores in the same period last year, registering a growth -- year-on-year growth of 21%. 
 
Total disbursements for the quarter stood at INR459 crores as compared to INR530 crores in the 
same period last year. Disbursements degrew by approximately 13%. This cautious approach 
aligns with our past strategy to prioritize portfolio quality over growth. 
 
The gross nonperforming assets or GNPA stood at 2.79%, while net nonperforming assets or 
NNPA stood at 0.18%. We have implemented stringent corrective measures and enhanced our 
monitoring mechanisms to address asset quality stress. We are confident that our proactive 
approach and focused efforts on improving collections and credit assessments will lead to a 
gradual improvement in asset quality in the coming quarters. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Collection efficiency for the month of 2020 -- June 2024 in our Microfinance business stood at 
95.1%, MSME business stood at 97.2% and two-wheeler business stood at 96.1%. Overall, 
consolidated collection efficiencies stood at 95.8%. 
 
Total borrowing amounted to INR2,217 crores comprising of a diverse mix of financial 
instruments. We maintained substantial liquidity of INR248 crores in cash/bank balance, liquid 
investments, undrawn CC limits and a comfortable debt-to-equity ratio of 1.8x, with a healthy 
capital adequacy ratio of 48% for Arman stand-alone and 38% for Namra. 
 
Cumulative provision stood at INR101 crores, which is 3.9% of the consolidated assets under 
management. Of these provisions of Arman stand-alone business stood at about INR20 crores 
and Namra stood at INR81 crores. 
 
In terms of branch expansion, we have opened 91 new branches over the last 12 months, bringing 
our total branch count to 434. This expansion has been complemented by successful penetration 
into the newer states and geographies where performance has been promising. Additionally, we 
have initiated a pilot for the rural Micro LAP product in Q4 of last year. AUM for this loan 
product as on June '24 is INR6 crores. While it is too early to comment on its success, we are 
optimistic about its long-term potential. 
 
Looking ahead in the short term, we will remain vigilant and selective in our growth strategy. 
Our priorities include continuing to strengthen our risk management practices and collection 
efforts to protect portfolio quality, adopting a measured approach to expansion by focusing on 
markets where we have a strong understanding of local dynamics, and enhancing our capabilities 
to ensure operational efficiency. 
 
Now let me run through the key consolidated financial numbers for the quarter ended 30th June 
2024. The gross total income stood at INR184 crores, registering a growth of 23% year-on-year 
compared to INR149 crores in Q1FY '24. Net total income amounted to INR119 crores, 
registering a growth of 39% year-on-year as compared to INR86 crores in Q1 last year. 
 
Pre-provisioning operating profit, PPOP, stood at INR85 crores, registering a growth of 34% 
year-on-year as compared to INR63 crores in Q1 last year. Profit after tax stood at approximately 
INR31 crores, registering a degrowth of 22% year-on-year as compared to INR40 crores in Q1 
FY '24. Lower PAT was on account of higher impairment cost and slightly lower yield in the 
MFI book. Consolidated yield stood at 25.4%, net interest margin stood at 15.5% and cost to 
income stood at 28.7%. 
 
To summarize, our industry has matured and has ebbs and flows like any other industry. 
However, we are confident that the company, our customers and the industry are resilient. While 
the rural economic environment remains uncertain, we are well-capitalized for future growth 
and are confident that our prudent approach will enable us to navigate any challenges effectively 
and yield better performance in the coming quarters. We are confident that many large and small 
initiatives we are taking will be adequate and, before long, we'll be well on our way to continue 
our growth story. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Thank you very much for your support and attention. And I'm sure there will be many questions, 
so let us begin the Q&A session, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Yes, yes. So sir, with the SROs mandating up to 150 basis points of interest rate cuts and a 
stricter underwriting standard, how do you plan to adapt your microfinance operations? And just 
while you're on that point, what impact do you expect to have that on yields and your cost to 
income? 
Alok Patel: 
So as far as the SROs mandating certain self-imposed regulations, those are largely related to 
underwriting norms such as no more than 4 institutions lending to a particular borrower and no 
more than INR2 lakh of outstanding. So this is something we have been following for a while. 
In fact, ours is a little slightly more stringent than that also because we look at it on a household 
level and not on a customer level as well. 
 
As far as the interest rates are concerned, there have been no particular orders that have been 
shared for reduction of interest rates  However, as you are aware, there has been regulatory 
pushback on reducing rates. And Namra also has reduced rates slightly, and therefore, the yields 
have declined to a certain extent. But those were marginal decreases. So we don't expect yields 
to decline too much further, maybe by another 25, 30 bps in the coming quarters, but nothing 
larger than that. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Got it, sir. And could you also elaborate on the specific factors that led to the INR31 crores 
write-off for this quarter? So were there any particular regions or borrower profiles that 
contributed most to this? 
Alok Patel: 
What we find is, at least in the last quarter, and what we find is that there is no particular state 
that is -- or region that is immune to the overall decline. However, there are certain states or 
regions more affected by others, places such as Maharashtra, Rajasthan, MP to a certain extent; 
while markets specifically like Gujarat and UP are behaving better, so -- while the deterioration 
has been noticed across the board for pretty much every state. 
 
As far as profile is concerned, we have found no correlation as far as any product or customer 
(Inaudible 14:43)  profile or income  or anything like that, that can be attributable overall to the 
write-off. Now the reasoning for this, I think I covered in my opening remarks, of course, as I 
mentioned, there is no one things like this, it's like things passing through Swiss cheese holes, 
right? I mean there's never one thing that causes blips like this. There is a combination of many 
factors. 
 
In my belief, over-leveraging, which I kind of explained due to regulatory changes, would be 
one of the primary reasons. However, the tipping points were things such as heatwave, elections, 
high employee turnovers and other factors as well. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay, got it. Got it, sir. And just a final follow-up on this. What would be your guidance in terms 
of asset quality and disbursement for FY '25? 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Alok Patel: 
It's -- honestly, it's a little premature for me to give guidance on this. Honestly, I think we'll have 
to wait another quarter or so to kind of figure out. But if I had to venture a guess, I would say 
that post-Diwali, you should start seeing improvements come again. 
 
As far as disbursements are concerned, I think people who have followed Arman for a while 
would know that at the first sign of trouble, we reduce disbursements. And you can take that as 
an advantage or a disadvantage or however different people have of looking at it. But we never 
really compromise on quality for growth pressure. So we will grow whenever we are comfortable 
growing and not before that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suraj Das from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, actually one question on the MFI business. If I see, last quarter, your GNPA was INR64 
crores. This quarter, your net write-off, including recovery, has been INR31 crores. So broadly 
50% of GNPA of last quarter, you have written it off this quarter. So just wanted to know what 
happened this quarter that you -- I mean such aggressive write-off this quarter. And I mean, have 
you lost hope of recovery from this customer? Or what happened? Because this quarter, the 
write-off number is elevated, it seems like. 
Alok Patel: 
It's nothing like that at all. I think we are trying to stay ahead of this, to be honest. And we have 
been more aggressive in writing off, just pure and simple to be extra conservative, right, and to 
stay ahead of this. So as far as operations are concerned, write-offs or operational write-offs 
don't really happen for a long time in our LMS systems. So the recovery efforts continue. These 
are purely sort of accounting write-offs. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure. But in that context, do you think that the write-off will continue to remain elevated in the 
next couple of quarters as well because everybody is highlighting probably this quarter, it stands 
-- I mean this one is stronger,(Inaudible 18:35) and then 2, 3 quarters of write-off. So do you 
expect that similar 50% of outstanding GNPA write-off would be there again next quarter or 
next to next quarter? 
Alok Patel: 
Honestly, from an accounting standpoint, maybe I'm the wrong person for this question. Vivek 
can add to it. But as far as total impairment, whether provisioning or write-offs, I don't expect 
too much of a decline in the coming quarters. However, by Q3 or Q4, we should start seeing a 
decline. 
Vivek Modi: 
So Suraj, just to kind of add to that, one, write-off, taking it upfront kind of as on the tax front. 
The second is also the fact that if we have overall provisions, the incremental provisions have 
not been there. The overall NPAs, if you look at it in microfinance, has remained stable or rather 
fallen down. Hence, it's biting-the-bullet kind of a situation when you're writing it off. And as 
Alok added, these are more on the accounting side of it. As far as the field is concerned, the 
recovery efforts continue on these customers in a lot of time... 
Alok Patel: 
For years. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Alok Patel: 
In a lot of cases, rather. I mean we are still recovering from COVID, believe it or not. So I think 
we don't really give up on anything until it's absolutely the last thing or we have no other choice, 
operationally speaking. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. Understood. And a couple of more questions. I mean in terms of this new SRO 
regulation, as you highlighted in the opening commentary that you have been more stringent on 
it. So if you can just maybe provide... 
Alok Patel: 
Excuse me, can you maybe take it off handset -- or take it off speaker? 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. Yes. No, no, sir, I was asking about this new SRO guideline. So since you highlighted in 
the opening commentary that you have always been more stringent, so if you can highlight in 
terms of plus 1, plus 2 or plus 4 lender, I mean what is the mix in the AUM? And are we -- also, 
in terms of, let's just say, borrowers who have more than INR2 lakhs total exposure, including 
retail or whatever, I mean I'm sure that you must have done some calculation or some study in 
your portfolio. So if you can highlight that... 
Alok Patel: 
I don't have it handy with me. Of course, I can give you approximations. So customers with over 
INR2 lakh of outstanding during origination will be probably less than about 4% to 5% in the 
overall research that we have done. As far as on an individual customer level, customers who 
have more than 4 MFI trend lines will be negligible. From a household level, customers who 
have more than 4 retail and MFI trend lines will be approximately 15-odd percent. 
 
But I mean, these are a variety of different loans. Sometimes they are very small loans as well. 
So it's not very practical to look at it on a total loan outstanding because there are many MFIs 
who have multiple loans also going on with the same customer. But largely speaking, our target 
would be to cut down on the overall leveraging of the customer, and that would mean higher 
rejection rates, and that would result in a slightly lower disbursement. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure. Understood. And one last question in terms of credit cost guidance. I think last quarter, 
you guided for something like 2.5% to 3%. So does that still hold? Or I mean, do you want to 
revise it upwards or, I mean, whatever? 
Alok Patel: 
Maybe by 50 bps at this point, but nothing too crazy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash from Stallion Asset. 
Yash Gandhi: 
So I just wanted to understand, you had some -- you said something about INR1.25 lakh limit. I 
wasn't clear in your initial commentary. Could you elaborate on that? 
Alok Patel: 
So basically, what I was trying to say is that the deregulation in April 1, 2022, basically, the 
rules that governed over-leveraging in MFI was an overall outstanding cap of INR1.25 lakhs, if 
I recall correctly. Now when the deregulations came, they changed the rule that instead of an 
overall cap, you assess the household income and your EMI ratio would be 50% of their monthly 
incomes. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
And so what I was trying to draw out is that once that rule changed, and earlier on it was super 
conservative, basically, the onus came on the MFIs to evaluate incomes properly and make sure 
that the product is tailored to what they can afford, the EMIs are tailored to what they can largely 
afford. 
 
Now what I'm saying is that while it was a very practical thing to do and there is absolutely zero 
criticism from my side of that rule change, what I was trying to say is that it was -- it's difficult 
to assess income. And the way the MFI operations are structured is that at the branchlevel, there 
is a tendency -- there could be a tendency to also overestimate a person's income or given the 
fact that these are rural customers, income could vary year-on-year significantly based on 
agricultural output and other factors, right? 
 
And so what I was saying is that we need to do a better job of assessing the incomes and assessing 
-- and underwriting the customer. And that goes from an industry level rather than an Arman 
level as well. Of course, we also need to improve. So let me just start by saying -- or I'm sorry, 
let me add by saying that we have begun to separate credit from sales. So historically, 
microfinance has kept credit assessment in the hands of the branch managers. Now Arman also 
has centralized credit teams to provide secondary checks, but the benefit that provided to ensure 
that the customers were not over-leveraged is ambiguous. 
 
So at the branch level, many employees and customers knowingly or subconsciously would have 
a tendency to overreport the household income to ensure the loan is sanctioned. And so now we 
have started a pilot with all the new branches basically. And by the end of -- beginning of early 
next quarter, we hope that at least 100 of the branches would have such credit managers that 
would be responsible for sanctioning. And also, we have also hired a Head of Credit to oversee 
this new department. 
 
So a lot of these learnings came from our MSME credit department. So if you notice, overall 
NPAs and repayment rates in our MSME departments, those are much superior than the MFI 
department. And so we are hoping that this new -- separating the credit would -- operating costs 
would increase, obviously, if we do decide to go ahead on this on a nationwide level. But my 
thought is that the benefits would largely exceed the cost. 
Yash Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay, got it. And sir, my second question basically is there was a time where, obviously, 
in earlier quarters, you used to go 30%, 40% AUM growth. And now I understand that you 
wanted to slow down because you're seeing some sort of over-leveraging in the industry and, of 
course, there's been new competition as well. 
 
But in your assessment, how long is -- prolonged would this cycle sort of last? Do you think this 
will sort of sort out itself in like a couple of years from now? Or do you -- are you seeing any 
sort of grounds of improving from hereon, where there is some sense from the new fintech 
players to sort of slow down or any regulatory pressure to -- once everything is in control, then 
you can sort of start growing at that sort of AUM level, 30%, 40% and beyond? 
Alok Patel: 
So a couple of things. You said a couple of years, I mean that is way, way longer than I hope it 
will last, to be honest. I'm not expecting it to last a couple of years. But fingers-crossed, by Q4, 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
we should start seeing improvements at the very latest is my estimate, and I'm hoping I'm correct 
on this. 
 
As far as our growth, our growth comes in spurts. I think during crises, we have degrown also, 
like COVID and demonetization and other types of issues. So our growth comes with when there 
are sufficient opportunities in the market. But if -- historically, if you look at us, I think crisis is 
sort of a ladder for us. So usually right after the crisis, we are well positioned to kind of grow 
quickly. And while the sample size of that is not adequate, I hope that it's also proved this time. 
Vivek Modi: 
Just to add to that further, Yash, I think April, May, June historically tend to be low on 
disbursement across most sectors, including microfinance. So while the disbursements have seen 
a  Low or kind of be flat for some part of the year, but there is no reason to kind of completely 
believe that the festive season this year is going to be really bad. There are enough hopes on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinath from Bellwether Capital Private Limited. 
Srinath: 
I want to first get some understanding of how July has played out from a collection perspective. 
Has it seen any sort of improvement from June? And given a large part of our collection engine, 
even for August, would have been finished by 15th, any indicative understanding of how things 
are progressing? 
Alok Patel: 
No. Unfortunately, I cannot say that there has been any improvement. So largely, things remain 
stable for now. And I don't think that we're going to see significant improvements in Q2, 
although I don't believe we'll see significant downside as well. So I expect it to be stable. 
Srinath: 
Perfect. Moving on to the MSME business, like you had mentioned in the last answer, it's 
consistently showing better collection efficiency. So what has kind of worked out for that 
business? And second, our quarter-on-quarter disbursements there have come off a bit. Is it a 
good time to kind of, given that we have a system and process in place, to continue to grow that 
business in this financial year? 
Vivek Modi: 
And we have, right, Srinath. So we -- I think the overall AUM of MSME has increased by about 
INR15-odd crores in quarter 1. I mean quarter 1, normally, Srinath, we do not expect too much 
of an AUM growth. On a sequential quarter, obviously, quarter 4 of last financial year is 
something difficult to beat in the quarter 1 because you're doing transfers and promotions and 
employees moving around. But having said that, on Y-o-Y basis, MSME portfolio has grown, 
MSME disbursements have also shown considerable growth. 
Alok Patel: 
Right. And so from Q1 to Q1 same previous year, I think it was INR67 crores and INR89 crores 
this quarter. So -- and even after the ticket size being pretty much the same, unchanged average 
ticket sizes. I think the -- really, what is differentiating is the credit. And as I mentioned to the 
previous person who asked the question, the -- we are trying to kind of replicate that for 
microfinance as well. I think the industry has evolved to a point where you definitely need to do 
a better credit assessment rather than relying on the JLG culture. So -- but yes, we'll continue to 
concentrate on MSME. 
Srinath: 
Got it. So that is a business line that is likely to scale this particular financial year. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. 
Srinath: 
Perfect. And on loan against property, I wanted to understand how that product line is 
progressing, how comfortable are you in the kind of loans you have done in the last 6 months? 
Yes, it's not a seasoned portfolio, but in this heatwave and so on and so forth, elections, did that 
portfolio hold up well? 
 
And the last question is, is there an overlap between this and the MFI business where MFI 
customers who have finished like 4, 5 circles, rounds of dealing with us, are they the upper 
funnel for this particular business? If you could spend some time on this, that will be a great 
help. 
Alok Patel: 
It's studied. So as far as Micro LAP is concerned, the volumes have not been as high as expected 
probably because of the region that we are in right now in the pilot, which is Gujarat. So I think 
I have received a lot of market information that this is a product that might be more suited in the 
southern markets. So we might be launching that in our Telangana branches pretty soon, maybe 
as early as this quarter. 
 
As far as the portfolio is concerned, I think it's about at INR6 crores, INR7 crores right now. We 
have reached a run rate of almost about INR1.8 crores a month of disbursements, and that is 
increasing on a month-to-month basis. Rejection rates are high. Customers are also kind of hard 
to -- hard to find those specific customers that are willing to mortgage their residence and have 
clean papers. So that has been the challenge. 
 
As far as the quality of the portfolio is concerned, I mean it's very early to tell, but right now, 
we have 100% retail rate. So we don't have even a single delayed installment in Micro LAP yet, 
which is great, Touchwood But obviously, that is to be expected during a pilot phase, and our 
book is not mature enough. 
 
Now what was your second question? I'm sorry, I forgot. 
Vivek Modi: 
So opportunity, obviously, on a longer-period trajectory, I mean we have some 8 lakh customers 
and overall some 15 lakh customers who've been with us over our journey for the last 15 years. 
So that's an opportunity, but it's too early to probably start looking at that. 
Alok Patel: 
Right. What is -- I think you said about second, third cycle customers and stuff that was -- we 
are using those customers, of course, and good customers. There has been some level of cross-
selling which has started as well. But it's funny because we do a lot of -- I mean we have now 
our entire business intelligence unit. 
 
And at least in the last quarter when we did the analysis, there is not too much of a difference 
between a first cycle, second or third or fourth or whatever in terms of repayment rates and 
default rates. Yes, there's a marginal improvement that you can say, so I'm not going to say that 
there is no correlation. But it's kind of funny that there is not too much of an advantage this time 
between first, second, third cycle and so on and so forth. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Srinath: 
Yes. I think this has been a feedback across the banking industry also that across different 
cohorts, there's been -- delinquency is worsening. So I think that's the same kind of playing out 
in MFI, too. 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. I mean, to a certain extent, this was expected. And I think over these calls and other 
meetings, and we have been talking about over-leveraging, I think, since the last 4 quarters or 
so. But what has been surprising is the speed of which it kind of came in. And I think that 
probably has to do, as I said, with the tipping point of election and heatwave and other factors. 
Srinath: 
Got it. And this Micro LAP business, would we be able to like scale it up to kind of over INR10-
plus-crores disbursement quarterly? Do we have that kind of machinery in place, processes in 
place? So how do you kind of see the scale-up in disbursements there? 
Alok Patel: 
The mission is definitely there. And as I told you earlier, I'm very bullish on this product. But 
it's -- I think we need -- I need to do a little bit more work on the geographical aspects of this 
product. So definitely, if I can get it to INR10 crores, INR15 crores, INR20 crores or even higher 
than that by next year, that would be fantastic. But it's a little early, honestly, to give any specific 
comments on it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
The first question is around your comment on employee attrition in the MFI business... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. There's a lot of disturbance in your background. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, first question is around your comment on employee attrition. Is there any specific reason 
why attrition is unusually high recently? 
Alok Patel: 
No, it's really across the board. This has been happening since the last -- it's been more than 12, 
18 months that this has been happening. There is no real good reason except the fact that there 
are many, many opportunities in the market nowadays where people tend to, I don't know, I 
guess, find easier jobs or jobs which are closer to their residences or a lot of other opportunities 
which are available. So it's kind of funny. I think Jayendra bhai always said, it's a function of 
the growth of the country that there are just a lot of opportunities available. 
 
And the second reason, honestly, is the fact that everybody has been growing over the last 2 
years post deregulation and post-COVID. And there are not enough people to go around, not 
enough experienced people to go around. So I think people opt from MFI to MFI, and that is 
probably leading to it. 
Vivek Modi: 
We are a microfinance business with work-life balance. Is a surprise factor  
Alok Patel: 
Yes, work-life balance and stuff is becoming very important, although the older people will kind 
of disagree  I don't know. 
Vivek Modi: 
No, that's a national debate going on that en. We were surprised in our own internal  employee 
survey. But even in the rural areas, employees said that they needed more time for family and 
more time off from work. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Alok Patel: 
Right. 
Alok Patel: 
So MFIs, I think it's -- they make good money, but it's hard work, right? It's -- you have to get 
out in the rain or wind or cold or sun or whatever it is, you've got to go on the field, collect 
money, source customers and disperse. And so the survey that Vivek was mentioning was a 
survey that we did to the employees, that we asked them to rank 1 to 10 of what would convince 
them to kind of stay, right, and continue to work here. 
 
And so we have done surveys like that in the past. And at the field officer ground level, usually, 
the first thing is more money, right? So that is a given. It's the second, third and fourth thing that 
we try to look at. This time, surprisingly, work-life balance issues were #1. Of course, salary 
was a close second, but it's just a changing scenario in the overall country, I guess. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
But would you say a rough proportion of your employees is moving... 
Alok Patel: 
You're not audible. I'm sorry. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhaumin Shah from Sameeksha Capital. 
Bhaumin Shah: 
Sir, in your last opening remark, you said that Namra's rating got upgraded, and you are 
expecting that Arman's rating will also get revised. So are we expecting cost of funds to go 
down? And are you able to maintain the NIM at this range? Or will it go down by -- because 
there is attrition of -- duration of the rates on MFI standpoint? 
Alok Patel: 
I think, Vivek, what is the... 
Vivek Modi: 
In terms of the rating upgrade, obviously, Namra has happened and Arman we are  still waiting. 
So that's one part of it. In terms of the cost of funds, surely, the rating upgrades will definitely 
help the company bring down the overall cost of funds. In the last 6 months, I think post  the 
QIP, as the debt/equity (Inaudible 42:56) ratio  has come down, our incremental borrowings, 
you've seen the rates have down, despite the fact that the MCLRs have moved up during the 
period. 
 
So we definitely expect to have a better or lower cost of fund going forward on the incremental 
borrowings. And yes, there is also, on the other side, the pressure on the lending rates because 
of the regulatory reasons that Alok spoke about. So I think at somewhere, we will be able to hold 
our ground in terms of both the NIM and the trade-off between the yield and the cost of funds. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anil Tulsiram from Contrarian Value Edge. 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Yes. Sir, first question is, do we have any plans to take CGFMU and new credit insurance for 
our MFI and MSME loans? And if not, can you elaborate your reasons for the same? 
Alok Patel: 
That is an excellent question, and we have evaluated it and we are considering it. I don't -- I'm 
probably at 50-50. I think the internal calculations we have done is it makes sense if you expect 
credit cost to go over up, what was it, Vivek? 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Vivek Modi: 
3.5%. 
Alok Patel: 
3.5%. So we are right in that fine edge right now where it makes sense to do it from a cost 
perspective. But yes, on the other hand, if you want to sleep better at night, it is nice to have. So 
it's probably not going to -- I mean it's a tremendous expense to do it, let me be very honest with 
you. Just reading the document, it sounds like it's not very expensive, but you have to pay the 
premium on the disbursement and you have to pay it every year. 
 
So if it's a 2-year loan, then you are -- and remember, if a default occurs, the payout does not 
occur on the disbursement amount. It occurs on the outstanding amount, and that, too, it is 75% 
of it. There is -- obviously, the worry is also there that how quick the claims will come in and 
also what will be the overall claim ratios. So I don't know, there have been Few  MFI players 
that have started doing it and we'll take feedback from them as well on their experience, and 
we'll decide. 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Got it. Sir, and in the past, whenever any industry-wide issue has happened, generally, it has 
resulted in the credit cost of 8% to 10%. So what gives you confidence that this time this issue 
is different than industry-wide and at the company level, we won't incur huge credit cost? Like 
you mentioned max 3%, so it won't be like 4%, 5%, 6%, touch wood, but what gives us 
confidence that this time, the crisis is not as big as the last crisis, whatever has happened in the 
past? 
Alok Patel: 
No. I mean, frankly speaking, even during demonetization, I think the overall credit cost was, 
what? 
Vivek Modi: 
About 5%, 6%. 
Alok Patel: 
5%, 6%. COVID was a different story where, I mean, it was COVID, right? It was not restricted 
to just MFIs. I think it was probably 80% of industries got impacted. So leaving COVID aside, 
if you look at this as a demonetisation level kind of disruption, it was quite a big one. But I mean 
I can -- if you are putting me on the spot and asking me, is it going to be restricted to 3%, 3.5%? 
Obviously, I cannot say definitively that it would be. But my experience and the fact that we 
have somewhat stabilized on the repayment rates -- leads me to believe that it shouldn't get really 
worse than 3.5% or so. But other than that, I cannot give you any other confidence. 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Got it. Sir, in the opening commentary, you have spoken about stringent quality measures, and 
you have already spoken about some of them. Can you elaborate in more detail what are those 
measures? And how are they going to help us in reaching the credit quality -- in bettering the 
credit quality and reducing the credit cost going forward? 
Alok Patel: 
Yes. So as I mentioned, we have started to separate credit from sales. So I think we'll be in a 
better place to give you more information on that by next quarter. Other than that, we have also 
started developing a stronger ML-based algorithm to try and predict customer behavior over and 
above any leverage cash that we have also taken to tighten credit. We have slowed down 
disbursement significantly. And right now, we are also trying to, of course, concentrate on the 
MSME book. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
We are, in some of the branches, we are shifting collection days from 1st to the 12th of every 
month to throughout the month. And so the 1st to the 12th model that you collect on the first 
part of the month and then concentrate on disbursements on the latter part of the month, that is 
really an excellent model during the high-growth phase of the company. But it's not very 
effective when you have to concentrate on collections. So we are working on changing that. 
 
We have created and are expanding special team of recovery officers for selected branches. This 
is a strategy that has worked well for us in the past, during times like COVID. We are taking all 
necessary steps and have launched several initiatives to encourage cashless payments from 
customers. And so we are happy to announce that the launch of the Namra app, which is an 
Android-based smartphone app, that the customers can use for as a payment gateway and also 
get account-related information. And of course, we'll keep expanding on the functionalities 
slowly as time goes on. 
 
We are also using better technology to help branches and middle management to monitor field 
activities, including live geo-tracking of field force and data mining by a specialized HO team. 
We have recently hired a special cell at the HO level called BIMS, business intelligence and 
monitoring unit. And the idea is that we'll have about 25 people who are constantly monitoring 
field activities through geo-tagging and through BIs, business intelligence reports to make sure 
that people are using their time effectively. 
 
I don't know if I'm getting anything with it. We are -- so we have a lot of -- we have noticed a 
lot of the overdues are related to instances of KYC manipulation. And so what happens in that 
case is that customers who have bad credit or are defaulters or over-leveraged, there has been 
strong evidence that there has been KYC tampering to kind of deceit credit bureau checks. And 
so we have successfully launched in all of our branches a biometric eKYC verification using 
either fingerprints or iris scanners. So many smaller initiatives are underway. So we are attacking 
this from all fronts as much as possible. And of course, I'm always open for more ideas from 
anywhere, really. 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Great. And sir, one related question is like in the opening commentary, you mentioned one of 
the main reason is the leverage -- increasing leverage. And then the RBI came up with the 
household income assessment and the 50% FOIR, the idea about that to avoid the leverage. So 
why those measures have failed to control the over-leveraging? Is it because industry is not doing 
the income assessment and the debt assessment properly or the customers are taking more debt 
after the disbursement? Or what has failed to, let's say, this specific measure of RBI failed to 
control the leverage? 
Alok Patel: 
See, when you talk about -- forget about rural customers for a second. If you are talking about 
assessing income of people who don't file tax returns or don't keep accounting books... 
Vivek Modi: 
Who do not have very qualified bank statements... 
Alok Patel: 
Or qualified bank statements, or even urban players, even in our two-wheeler, income 
assessment is no more than a guesstimate. So now, especially in the MFI space, that problem is 
bigger, ,(Inaudible 52:37) right? It's very difficult to assess income. And even if you can assess 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
income, their income levels change drastically from quarter-to-quarter or month-to-month or 
year-to-year depending on overall macroeconomic scenarios and numerous other factors. 
 
So what I was trying to say that this FOIR  rule was a great rule. But earlier on, there was a very 
conservative hard limit that was put in place, which is about INR1.25 lakh or something close 
to that per customer. Now it has changed to 50% FOIR. Now let's say, if I assess a customer at 
a INR2 lakh income, right, and I lever him accordingly, what is stopping another MFI from 
coming in and assessing the same customer at INR3 lakh income and giving him money, right? 
 
The second issue also is the fact that there are multiple institutions now that are targeting the 
same customers. So earlier on, rural customers were the domain of the MFIs, people like me, 
right? 80%, 90% of the loans were serviced by companies like mine or SFBs  or largely people's 
focused on microfinance. Today's scenario is changing where there are many institutions who 
are targeting the same customers and not specifically in the MFI way, right? I mean you have 
tractor loans, for example, you have LAP loans, you have gold loans, you have many other kind 
of... 
Vivek Modi: 
In terms of consumer -- the Tier 4 cities now have lifestyle showrooms and white goods are 
being sold there as well to a similar customer, right? 
Alok Patel:  Now those guys are not really restricted by any MFI FOIR guidelines, right? I mean, typically, they 
have to make a decision on the spot. And usually, that's done by a credit bureau check. And a lot of these customers 
will have very clean credit bureau even though they might be over-levered. The problem will occur 6 months down 
the road when they reach a tipping point where they cannot afford it. 
Alok Patel: 
So again, I don't want to paint a bad picture here. This is -- I mean, 92%, 93% of my customers 
pay me on the dot, right, whatever is coming to me. So -- but my job is not to worry about the 
90% or 92% that pay on time, it's to worry about the 8% that don't. So overall, whenever we 
make broad statements like this about over-leverage, I'm not talking about 100%, I'm talking 
about 10%. And so that is what we need to solve. 
Anil Tulsiram: 
And my last question is industry-wise, another thing is geography-wise, the experience is 
different in the default. So are we planning to implement district-wise or state-wise different rate 
of interest for customers? 
Alok Patel: 
No, that's a good question. We did consider it. Right now, we have not gone ahead with it given 
the scrutiny of -- about interest rates and other factors from a regulator inside. But that obviously 
remains a trump card available to us in the future that if the situation is to worsen, then at least 
some of the costs, you could potentially pass on to the customers, although I would hate for it to 
come to that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Gupta from Aionios Alpha Investment Management. 
Pranav Gupta: 
A lot of my questions have already been answered. But -- so just to get a sense on -- you 
mentioned certain geographies that are seeing higher stress than others. My sense that I wanted 
to get from that, is this specific to -- is this because of specific factors in the geographies, 
obviously, keeping aside the over-leveraging of it, but any specific micro market factors that are 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
leading to this? Or is it just a general deterioration largely because of over-leveraging and then 
those customers are being pushed over the curb because of heatwave and elections? That's the 
first question. 
Alok Patel: 
No. So it's really -- so deterioration, as I mentioned to a previous question before that 
deterioration is across the board in every state. So there is no state that has been immune to the 
overall deterioration. Some cases are -- some states are worse than others, such as Rajasthan, 
Maharashtra and other. Bihar has been behaving well, but there has been signs of over-leverage. 
 
And I think it really differs from player to player because where I'm sitting, I see the southern 
geographies are a lot better right now, at least some of them. And then I talk to some players that 
they say that Tamil Nadu is facing a lot of difficulty. Gujarat is one of our best-behaving states, 
but then there are other players who have made statements saying Gujarat is -- so I think it just 
kind of depends in even on a district level where you are. So for example, Gujarat, if you are in 
Saurashtra area or the southern parts of Gujarat, near Surat and stuff, those are behaving quite 
badly. But... 
Vivek Modi: 
I mean 100 kilometers west of Surat -- I mean, so east of Surat, things are much better in terms 
of districts like a Panchmahal or Dahod. 
Alok Patel: 
Dahod has been -- I mean you have the same leveraging issue in Dahod, but the portfolio quality 
is quite good. So I think the tendency for the human brain is to find relationships, Okay, X is 
causing Y, so let's stop X. But unfortunately, things are not that cut and dry. I mean there are 
weak correlations and a lot of different ADRs, but there is very little strong correlation to kind 
of say that if you just stop doing X, then things will improve. I hope this makes sense. 
Pranav Gupta: 
No, absolutely. Just a follow-up on this, sir, I wanted to understand some of that. A lot of players 
have mentioned that over the last 6-odd months, they have seen center culture deteriorate, 
members not willing to attend meetings  as they were earlier. And some part of the deterioration 
has also led to that. Are we also seeing those sort of trends play out in some of our geographies? 
Alok Patel: 
Absolutely. And that has not been the case for 3 or for 6 months. JLG culture being diluted is 
something that I think I've been talking about for the last 2 years or so. I mean, since COVID, 
that has been the case. And it's to be expected, really. I mean our business model is largely based 
on discipline and customers coming and sitting in a certain way and they are now tired of that  
(Inaudible 1:00:33)and stuff. 
 
As competition increases and as people get more used to availability of credit, 10 years ago or 
14 years ago when we started microfinance, I mean, it was absolutely green pastures all over the 
place. And if you made the customer jump through 20 hoops to get a loan and to continue getting 
a loan, they would be ready to do it. Today's customers are different, and I don't think there's 
anything wrong with that. I think the market has matured, the country has matured. And we have 
to, rather than fighting it all the way through, we have to adapt our systems to adapt to the new 
ground realities. So -- but yes, you are -- it's absolutely correct, attendance levels, JLG culture 
and everything has been getting diluted. 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Pranav Gupta: 
Right. Sir, just a question on the attrition that you mentioned. Are we -- so typically, attrition in 
MFI or, in fact, gross lenders over the last few years have been relatively high, mainly on the 
feet on street levels. Are you seeing this attrition also increase slightly above those levels, maybe 
a branch manager or area manager level? Or is it still restricted on feet on street? 
Alok Patel: 
It's just restricted to feet on street. And I have many friends in other industries, manufacturing 
and whatnot, and it's always the -- and they are also facing similar difficulty to find ground-level 
staff, whether factory workers or field officers or what have you. As far as like middle 
management and above is concerned or MBAs and other white-collar professionals are 
concerned, there is little turnover. And in fact, those jobs are available, I mean, candidates for 
such jobs are easily available. It's the feet on the street which is causing the main issue. 
Pranav Gupta: 
All right. And just one last clarification. The presentation mentioned that collection efficiencies 
were at 95.8%. Is this including arrears or excluding arrears? 
Alok Patel: 
This is including arrears. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Okay, including arrears. And do you have the number excluding arrears offhand? 
Alok Patel: 
So you mean on-time repayment? 
Pranav Gupta: 
Yes. 
Alok Patel: 
So on-time repayment in June would have been about 93.8%, 93.6% or something like that. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Okay, okay. And this wouldn't have significantly improved directionally in July or probably in 
the beginning of August? 
Alok Patel: 
No, there has not been any significant... 
Vivek Modi: 
So they would have been almost similar? 
Alok Patel: 
Similar. Maybe a slight improvement, a few basis points, but nothing meaningful. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
I hope I'm audible this time. Sir, you made a comment around some identification-related frauds. 
Are these frauds happening in spite of Aadhaar-based authentication? 
Alok Patel: 
So see, what are the basic documents that we check during, let's say, disbursement? So for us, 
we take 2 forms of ID; and in most cases, it is an Aadhaar card and a voter ID. So earlier, what 
we found, I'm talking about years ago, people would -- it's easily to manipulate the numbers of 
an Aadhaar card. 
 
Even many such places available -- illegal places available, but people used to do it. So then 
what we started doing was using a   Verhoeff algorithm to make sure that the digits are correct. 
Then the problem was that, okay, the digits were correct, but they were borrowing the digits 
from other places, maybe minors or their children or something. So in that case, we started 

 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
OKYCs wherein we would get basic details about gender, location, age, other factors which 
were available. 
 
Now we have finally bit the bullet and also gone to a level where they have to use an iris and/or 
fingerprint scanner to get the loan. And so I think we started that about 6 months ago. So a lot 
of those kinds of at least Aadhaar-based manipulations have stopped. But there are still other 
documents which are susceptible, right? So like voter IDs. And in many cases, we find that these 
are not safe voter IDs, but there are multiple voter IDs available for the same customer. 
 
Let's say that we have a rule that we don't give to rented customers, right? Now how do we check 
whether that they are rented or not? And so there is a list of documents that we can take from 
them such as electricity bill or other things. Now those can be manipulated as well. Anybody 
with Photoshop can do it. And so more and more customers who want to kind of defeat your 
credit bureau checks or defeat your overall credit assessment, they would use such tactics. 
 
So -- and really, this is not just for microfinance, this is for all lending businesses in general. So 
this is not restricted to microfinance, and it's largely a cat-and-mouse thing, right? You come out 
with new systems to stop it and somebody comes with something else to defeat it and so on and 
so forth. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for today's call. I now 
hand the conference over to Mayank Mistry for closing comments. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thank you all for joining the call today. And thank you to the management team of Arman 
Financial Services for giving us the opportunity.  thank you. 
Alok Patel: 
Thank you very much. 
Vivek Modi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
