 
 
 
August 8, 2024 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
               
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
 
 
Floor no. 25, PJ Towers 
Bandra (E) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400 051   
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Trading Symbol: “SOLARINDS EQ”  
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532725 
Through NEAPS   
 
 
 
 
 
Through BSE Listing Center 
 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with reference to the Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 with the Management of the 
Company. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Further to our letter dated August 2, 2024 we are forwarding herewith a copy of 
Transcription of Conference call hosted by Nomura Corporate Access, on Wednesday,                     
August 7, 2024 at 10:30 a.m. to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2024  with the Management of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Khushboo Pasari 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Khushboo 
Anish Pasari
Digitally signed by 
Khushboo Anish Pasari 
Date: 2024.08.08 
14:34:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Solar Industries India Limited 
Q1 FY‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
                  
 
                   
                  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH NUWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – SOLAR INDUSTRIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MONEESH AGRAWAL – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SHALINEE MANDHANA – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. AANCHAL KEWLANI -- SENIOR FINANCE 
MANAGER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. UMESH RAUT – NOMURA FINANCIAL ADVISORIES 
AND SECURITIES 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Solar Industry Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh Raut. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. At the outset, 
I would like to thank management for giving us opportunity to host the call. From the 
management today, we have Mr. Manish Nuwal, MD and CEO; Mr. Moneesh Agrawal, the joint 
CFO; Ms. Shalinee Mandhana, joint CFO; Ms. Aanchal Kewlani, Senior Finance Manager. 
 
Without much ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Aanchal from Solar Industries to 
take this forward. Over to you, ma'am. 
Aanchal Kewlani: 
Thank you so much. A very good morning, everyone, and welcome to the fiscal first quarter 
review conference call. My name is Aanchal and I would like to welcome you all on behalf of 
Solar Industries India Limited. At the onset, let me restate, in this call, we might make 
projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events and about future 
financial performance. Please remember that such statements are only predictions. Actual events 
or results may differ materially. Our website will be updated with all relevant information from 
time to time. 
 
Now I would request our MD and CEO, Mr. Manish Nuwal, for his opening remarks on the 
company's performance for this quarter. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Nuwal: 
A very good morning to all the participants, well wishers and stakeholders. We are happy to 
announce that we have achieved highest ever quarterly EBITDA and PAT at INR474 crores and 
INR301 crores in the first quarter of FY '25. The turnover of the company stands at INR1,695 
crores, registering a 5% increase over Q4 of FY '24. The company has also achieved highest 
quarterly EBITDA and PAT margins at around 28% and 18%, respectively. 
 
The domestic explosives volume for the quarter grew by 16% year-on-year basis, which is in 
line with our annual guidance for the year '25. The government budget for FY '25, with increased 
capital outlay and greater emphasis on infrastructure development, housing and roads, is bound 
to increase demand for explosives. We are pleased to share that the Defence revenue stands at 
INR204 crores for this quarter, registering a growth of 32% year-on-year basis. 
 
The company has delivered first lot of indigenously developed loitering munition to the armed 
forces. We have also developed loitering munitions, SEBEX and other explosives, which proves 
our company's in-house R&D capabilities. With these developments and considering the current 
Defence order book of INR2,500 crores, we will be sailing through our annual Defence guidance 
of INR1,500 crores comfortably. 
 
We expect the growth in Defence to continue with the help of much awaited Pinaka and other 
orders to commercialize. We are expanding our presence in 2 new countries, namely Kazakhstan 
and Thailand very soon. The acquisition of Problast, South Africa is in line with the company's 
intent to expand its operation in the international markets. 
 
As we move forward, we are pleased to share the launch of our new powerful representation of 
continued progress, our brand's unique ability to uplift our stakeholders and the businesses we 
work with. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Aanchal for a quick update on quarter numbers. Thank you. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Aanchal Kewlani: 
Thank you so much, sir. As our MD said, we are pleased to unveil a new corporate logo, which 
aims to align with the vision, mission, values, vibrant heritage and culture of our company. The 
new logo is a visual narrative that captures the essence of perpetual growth, innovation and 
advancing the industries we serve. It gives us immense satisfaction to present the result of our 
journey reflecting the efforts we put in. 
 
We achieved the revenue of INR1,695 crores versus INR1,682 crores in the previous quarter 
same year. EBITDA at INR474 crores versus INR331 crores, increased by 43% year-on-year. 
PBT stands at INR408 crores versus INR272 crores, increased by 50% year-on-year. And PAT 
stands at INR301 crores versus INR202 crores, increased by 49% year-on-year. 
 
Now let's quickly review the volume side. Explosives, the domestic volume in the quarter 
increased by 16%. Our realization of explosives showed a degrowth of 12%. Explosive revenue 
was up by 3%. Revenue from initiating system was up by 12%. 
 
Coming to the customer's basket. Revenue from CIL was INR246 crores versus INR268 crores. 
Revenue from non-CIL & Institutional business was INR304 versus INR293 crores. Revenue 
from Housing & Infra was INR353 crores versus INR349 crores. Export & Overseas revenue 
showed INR579 crores versus INR605 crores. Defence revenue was up. It was around INR204 
crores versus INR155 crores. 
 
Coming to the cost. Raw material, material consumption cost decreased by 10% in absolute 
terms, employee costs will increase by 31%. Other expenses cost has come down. Our EBITDA 
margin for the quarter reached to the levels close to 28% and the same grew by 826 bps. The 
interest cost has gone up by 11%. Depreciation has increased by 17% on account of capex. The 
profit before tax stands at INR408 crores with a growth of 50%. The net profit in absolute terms 
is up by 49%, stand at INR301 crores. 
 
Now we would be happy to take any questions, comments and suggestions that you may have. 
Over to you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
I want to congratulate the management for an excellent set of numbers. I have 2 questions. The 
first one is essentially on the Defence side. So we have developed the new explosives which are 
sort of, I would say, cutting edge in technology. Now there were media reports that we have 
been approved or inspected by Navy. So just wanted to understand the further developments in 
this regard. Are we also going ahead with the development -- sorry, with the approval from 
Army, Air Force? What would be the total market opportunity for this? And when we are going 
to commercialize it? So this is the first question. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Amit. As you have mentioned that the company has developed the new products 
which are more literal in its power. And the advantage will be that these products will act as a 
game changer for the products which we are offering in the market because of its nature of the 
strength of the product. And as we move forward, like, Indian Navy has qualified the product 
for Defence usages. And the armed forces like Army and Air Force will also be looking forward 
to acquire products, which have more power as such. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
So definitely, these products will help the company to offer better products and get more revenue 
of these products. But it is difficult to predict any market at this stage and the time line for the 
moment. 
Amit Dixit: 
Understand, sir. The second question is, again, on Defence. So recently, there were media 
articles that there was -- written by the Deputy Chief of Air Staff to your recently commissioned 
chaff factory. Now chaff is something, which I understand is very interesting because in the 5th 
Positive Indigenisation List, there are mentions of chaff. 
 
So how do we see this? Because we have seen some sizable orders in the past also. So how do 
we see these shaping up? When will the factory be ready for commercial production? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. We have recently inaugurated this facility to produce chaff and flares and these are acting 
as electronic countermeasure devices for protecting the military air crafts. So as you are aware 
that our company is the first company in India to start these products as 100% indigenous under 
the IDDM route. So the production has already started. And as we move forward, we are 
expecting more orders or orders to come from Air Force. Once those things are in place, we will 
definitely share with all the stakeholders. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, one last one and the bookkeeping question. The other expenses have declined quite 
meaningfully. So is it due to some of the provisions that we might have rolled back? Or is it 
purely because of the operational performance? 
Manish Nuwal: 
If you look at the business and if you look at my Q4 press note also, we have mentioned that we 
are expecting better volumes in the year, which was around 15% and we were expecting 
International business to do better. So if you look at the Q1 numbers, the business from 
International business as such has not performed on a top line basis. But as far as bottom line is 
concerned, the results from international business has improved. . 
 
On another side, the -- as far as percentage mix is concerned, the business from international has 
a little bit reduced, and Defence has increased. So as a result of the combination of 2, 3 factors; 
first, the International business has performed better; Defence has started performing better than 
the previous year-on-year quarter. And the domestic business and percentage has been better 
than the International. As a result of which, the other expenses has gone down by around 4%. 
And another factor which has helped is, the -- a little bit of softening on the losses because of 
hyperinflation or foreign exchanges, currency factor. 
 
So these things has helped us to achieve a better EBITDA margin. Otherwise, also, in Q4, we 
have said that in this financial year, we are expecting better EBITDA margins. So in the last 
year, it was around 23% approx. And in this year, we are expecting better than 23%. So it is a 
summation of all the efforts and all the business dynamics, which we have already shared. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Congratulations on great margin. Sir, my first question is, sir, in this quarter, what were your 
major new order wins? And how was the split between Defence and other explosives? And that 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
leading to, can you also give us a split between -- in the order book between Coal India, SCCL 
and Defence? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Your first question was with respect to -- if I take the order book. So the current order book 
stands at around INR4,750 crores plus. So Defence is also around INR2500 crores and  currently, 
no big orders have come in this quarter. 
Dipen Vakil: 
My second question is on the prices for ammonium nitrate. So how has been the prices for 
ammonium nitrate in the first quarter and how the trend has been going ahead up since the first 
quarter ended? 
Manish Nuwal: 
The ammonium nitrate prices are almost similar to the prices which we have seen in the Q4. 
Dipen Vakil: 
And going ahead, do we expect them to rise or stay in the similar level? 
Manish Nuwal: 
We don't expect major fluctuation in ammonium nitrate prices as we work out. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Just last one, further clarification on your order book. You mentioned that you have a Defence 
order book of INR2500 crores. So is it possible to give a slightly better split as to which are the 
major orders in Defence? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So like we have been saying all the time that the company has a vast product portfolio in different 
sectors. So everything will -- basically either it is energy materials, propylene, pyros, fuses and 
rockets and it's a combination of all these products as a result of which we have an order book 
of around INR2,500 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from NVEST Analytics Advisory LLP. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Just one question on the Defence sector. In your annual report, you mentioned and you are 
anticipating a decent order inflows from the Defence sector in the next 2 to 3 years, which will 
drive our significant growth in this segment. So given that our existing order book is INR2,500 
crores, of which I think we are expecting INR1,300 crores to be executed this year itself. . 
 
So could you please elaborate on what are the major products constituted in the existing order 
book and the specific products that we expect to receive in the future orders? And additionally, 
can you also quantify the size of the order inflows that we are expecting in, say, next 2 to 3 
years? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So like we have said, we are expecting large orders for our Defence sector. And the current order 
book is INR2,500 crores and Pinaka orders are also likely to come soon, but because of elections 
and then government formation, certain decision-making has slowed down for a couple of 
months, but we are expecting orders to receive very soon. And Pinaka will be one of the biggest 
orders which we are expecting. And apart from that, there are plenty of other products on which 
we have worked in the last 7, 8 years. So we are expecting orders from all those products. And 
as a result, we are expecting more businesses from Defence side. For this year, we have given a 
guidance of INR1,500 crores. And as we move forward, we will give annual guidance on 
Defence side. . 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And sir, what are the orders that are in currently pipeline for R&D purpose in 
the Defence sector that we are currently working on? 
Manish Nuwal: 
I already replied to your point. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Nitin Arora: 
Sir, just one on your margin, the way you said, look, last year, we did about 23% and we will do 
better than this in this year. Can you help us understand what is driving this? The margin. 
Because every year -- we are somewhat increasing margins every year now. Can you help us 
and generally used to say that 22% plus is what our guidance is. 
 
So directionally, how one should look your EBITDA margin? Given your operational leverage 
will be at play, you are still very confident on your Defence revenues plus new order wins that 
you talked about. But directionally, when we look at for next 1 to 2 years or 2 years plus, what 
kind of an EBITDA margin range one should look at it? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. Like I said that in the last year, we have achieved EBITDA margin of 23%, and that was 
despite of various fluctuations in foreign exchange and commodity side. So definitely, we should 
have achieved even a little more than 23%. So as a result of a little bit of softening on the negative 
impact of foreign exchange or hyperinflation, we are in a little better position. 
 
Apart from this factor, like we have been mentioning that International business should do better. 
So actually, it has been very good. As far as South Africa, which was making losses in last many 
years since inception, so that has also turned around, and we have reached to a first-time profit 
before tax level, we have achieved on a positive side. 
 
Apart from this, domestic business is also doing quite good. The volume last year, we have 
achieved around 20% growth. And in this year also, we are targeting plus 15%. So in this quarter, 
we have almost crossed 15% level. So if you combine all these factors, along with the increasing 
Defence business, we expect that EBITDA margin should be more than 23%. 
 
As far as direction is concerned, definitely, the current EBITDA margin of 27%, 28% is on a 
very good or higher side. But we expect that 25%, we should be able to achieve. 
Nitin Arora: 
This is very helpful, sir. Just on your Defence side, and you said that we will provide the 
guidance closer to this year-end for the next year. But again, a directional question because now 
the products are getting approved across what you have developed even, I think 1 participant 
talked about the new explosive part, which also looks very -- in technology-wise, very high 
upgrade you have done. 
 
In next 2 to 3 years, do you have anything in mind that this is something will be my Defence 
revenue? Because now it looks like ordering has happened -- started happening. And as far as 
the approval is very behind now, what 3, 4 years, we were looking at it, that approval is not 
coming. Now everything you have passed. So any directional guidance, sir, that would be 
helpful. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
Like if you look at last year's revenue from Defence was around INR550 crores. This year, we 
are expecting INR1,500 crores. And once Pinaka and other products start delivering better 
results and the recent R&D efforts on developing products, which can add more liability to the 
evolution. So definitely, we are expecting much bigger numbers in coming years. But like I said, 
it will be too early. Why? Because if you look at the nature of the industry, although there are 
plenty of geopolitical conflicts happening but the pace at which Defence industry moves is 
always quite different. So as a prudent practice, we don't want to give any rosy picture. But yes, 
we are very optimistic and we are expecting much better top line and bottom line as we move 
forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Vijay from A One Investments. Due to no response 
from the current participant, we will move on to the next participant.  The next question is from 
the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. Due to no response from the current 
participant, we will move on to the next participant. The next question is from the line of Prabir 
from Ratnabali. 
Prabir: 
I have questions from chaffs and flares. Sir, currently, you said that you just have inaugurated 
the facility. So when from this -- the operations from this facility will start? This is number one. 
And number two is, you said that you will be the first company, which will have 100% 
indigenous chaffs and flares. But I guess in this field, Premier Explosives are already -- is already 
supplying this to Air Force. So is it right, what you have said just to, if you can clarify, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. Like I said that we have started manufacturing chaffs and flares. And I also said that we are 
the first private company, which is making 100% indigenous chaffs and flares. So I stand by my 
word, and I cannot comment on what others are doing. 
Prabir: 
And you supply -- you already supply or you will supply going ahead? . 
Manish Nuwal: 
So once we receive the orders for these kind of products, we will let you know. . 
Prabir: 
And sir, you guided that you are expecting a large order for Pinaka. So can you quantify to some 
extent what can be that size? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So like we have said in our previous calls that we have already participated in the RFPs. And 
based on the official update, we are also L1 in the offerings, which we have made. So based on 
them, once we finish all the contractual negotiations or contractual formalities, we will come out 
with the exact number. Otherwise, it is not prudent to share at this stage, the exact number or all 
that. 
 
But it is definitely going to be very big orders. And big means biggest of Solar's history, the 
order book. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: 
My next question was on capex. Any capex that you have done in first quarter and what are your 
capex plan for FY '25? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
This year, we have given that we are expecting the capex to be around INR800 crores. And in 
the Q1, we have done around INR200 crores. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, next question is on your ammunition side of business. So what kind of demand 
scenario we are witnessing, especially from a domestic defence and also the export 
opportunities? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. If you look at the global geopolitical situation, the demand for these products seems to be 
very good. But the time line on submitting RFPs, getting orders and then starting the supply 
chain or starting the supply, it takes its own time. So as far as the current update is concerned, 
we see that there is a good demand for these products. . 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Jain from Beyond Capital. 
Jay Jain: 
I just wanted one clarification. On Page 31 of your annual report, you have mentioned two orders 
worth INR455 crores and INR994 crores in Defence export side. Can you elaborate more on 
that? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Like you have said that we have mentioned, we have received a couple of orders for supplying 
defence products for the international market. And it's true that we, as a company, have a strong 
goodwill as far as [inaudible 0:27:48], and we received all those orders. But because of the 
confidentiality clauses, we cannot name the country, we cannot name the product, we cannot 
name the customers. So that is the limitation which we have. 
Jay Jain: 
Okay. And these are 2 orders, right? These are additional multiple orders? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So you go through the -- our announcement, you will get all the details. . 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Mr. Manishji, you and your team did miracle, top line increased 1% while profit after tax rises 
49% due to enhanced of margin. It seems we are in perfect monopoly business. This happens 
due to your fantastic management under your leadership -- under your leadership and leadership 
of the Supply and Demand, we salute you on this performance. 
 
Now my question is, are these higher margins sustainable in financial year '25? And can you tell 
margin in Defence segments separately, if possible? 
Manish Nuwal: 
As far as the margin, what we achieved is, like you said, is the highest ever and we achieved 
around 28%. And for the whole year, we have given a guidance at the end of Q4 was 23% plus. 
So if we look at the overall business dynamics and kind of the business, we have -- our businesses 
are performing, especially in the international markets. especially in Defence and upcoming 
orders from various other products, we are expecting that we should be able to achieve EBITDA 
margins of around 25% in this financial year. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And this loitering munition system, what work it does? Can you tell in this matter? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. We have already shared about this product in this conference call. You can go through the 
details there. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And what will be total capex, including Kazakhstan and Thailand in financial year '25 and '26? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So the total capex plan for year '25 is around INR800 crores. And the expansions which we are 
doing in Kazakhstan, Thailand and Defence and domestic business is part of that purpose. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav from ASK Investment Managers. 
Nirav: 
My question pertains to our planned entry in export markets, that is Thailand and Kazakhstan. 
So just wanted to check, will we have to set up our manufacturing units across these locations? 
Or is it like we will be manufacturing from India and we will be exporting? 
Manish Nuwal: 
These are the manufacturing units which we are planning. 
Nirav: 
Sorry, I didn't get you. It's manufacturing in India and exports from India. Is that right? 
Manish Nuwal: 
No, no. We are setting up the manufacturing relates in Kazakhstan and Thailand. 
Nirav: 
Okay. That -- got your point. And sir, this INR800 crores of capex that you are planning in FY 
'25, would it be possible for you to give a more granular breakup of it, how much of it will be in 
India? How much of it will be in Thailand and Kazakhstan? And in India, which are the areas 
where we are expanding our capacity? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
As Manishji said that the total planned capex for the year is around INR800 crores. But as a 
policy matter, we give the details at the year-end final results on particular Bifurcation of India 
and domestic, international and Defence. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik from Trivikram Consultancy. 
Pratik: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. Sir, my first question was on forex. So what are -- what was 
the forex gain or loss for this quarter and for the last quarter? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes. So as we have spoken in the call that the EBITDA margin of 28% hasn't reached because 
of softening -- some portion of that have been because of the softening in the forex volatility. 
However forex being a part of our cost, currently I do not have much of the figures in hand, we'll 
get back to you. 
Pratik: 
And my second question on Defence. Now the Defence is now causing a major chunk in the 
revenue so can you throw some color on bills receivable side to get more clarity on cash flows 
from that Defence orders? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Sorry, your question is not audible. 
Moderator: 
Sir, may I request you to please use your handset. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Pratik: 
Sir, my second question was on Defence book. So now Defence is now causing a major chunk 
in your revenues, so can you throw some color on bills receivable side of the Defence part to get 
more clarity on cash flows from the Defence orders? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
The Defence currently stands at 12% of our sales as it stands at INR204 crores we've done in 
this quarter. With regard to cash flow, we come up in a quarterly and annual results -- sorry, 
half-yearly and annual results. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanay from Nomura. 
Tanay Rasal: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. May I request you to please use your handset? 
Tanay Rasal: 
I had a question on exports. So it has been relatively softer for the last 2 quarters. So can you 
give me the color on how the different geographies are performing in this quarter? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
So quarter wise, we do not give country-wise numbers. But on overall basis, we have said that 
current year, the exports and overseas market will be doing better, and that can be seen in our 
results with respect to margins and profit? However the basket -- if you see as a basket, currently, 
the top line has softened, and it stands around 34% of the top line revenue, which comes to 
around INR579 crores. 
Tanay Rasal: 
Okay. Ma'am, but any qualitative aspects on the geographies that you have been in? Any 
qualitative aspects? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
We consider business as a whole, the domestic market, export market, international as well as 
Defence. So on overall view, as I have said that currently, the export in overseas stands at around 
34% of the basket. 
Tanay Rasal: 
Okay. Okay. Ma'am, and for this particular year, you're guiding Defence revenues at around 
INR1,500 crores. So -- and going forward, there will be some incremental revenues on this. So 
is there incremental capex that you're planning especially for the Defence, for the current base 
that will be suffice for this revenue growth that you're targeting? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
So as we said, the current capex share is around INR800 crores and around INR200 crores. So 
this will take of defence shipment as well as domestic. 
Tanay Rasal: 
Ma'am, and what is the total that the -- amount that you invested in the Defence business till 
date? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
So it's around INR1,000 crores plus. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Amit Vijay from A One Investments. 
Amit Vijay: 
Congratulations Manishji, for wonderful performance. Other questions being answered, only 
question remained is capacity utilization of plants, specifically for Defence products. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
So as far as capacity utilization, we always say that we are handling thousands of SKUs. And 
every SKU is measured in Defence terminology. So it is very difficult to give any capacity 
utilization factor for a company like Solar. So we are sorry, we cannot answer to what -- answer 
your question to that extent, which you are expecting. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Panda, who is an Individual Investor. 
Sanjeev Panda: 
This is Sanjeev. Sir, the Defence space itself is opening up. And after a long time, India is 
witnessing such a massive investment and opportunity for the domestic firms. And your existing 
business line from that, we are definitely gaining the momentum, but from a strategic point of 
view, are we looking at some other areas within the Defence where you think we can explore 
and add on our business or any new avenue? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Like we have been sharing that we are -- our efforts on R&D side are quite enormous. We are 
continuously trying to develop new products by adopting the new technologies. And if you look 
at our past track record that we are the first private company in India to start manufacturing the 
rockets on its own. We are the first -- as far as loitering munition in private sector is concerned, 
we are -- it is 100% indigenous. 
And if you look at the recent development on the chaff and flares and also even on -- like SEBEX 
and other products, we are doing -- we are putting a lot of efforts. And if you look at the potential, 
we all know that there are plenty of opportunities coming up in this different sector. 
 
So our company is working really hard and we are focusing on multiple products. And we are 
expecting that the efforts which we are putting into our line of business, we should expect much 
better revenues and results from this sector. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Aanchal Kewlani: 
Thank you. On behalf of Solar Industries, I extend heartfelt gratitude to all participants for their 
time. Thank you. See you in next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Nomura Financial Advisories and Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
