 
 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Registered Office: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1/F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shirwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai  - 
400 706 | CIN: L65100MH2007PLC171959 | Tel: (+91 22) 7104 7000 | Website: www.finobank.com | Email: cs@finobank.com  
August 06, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001          
Scrip Code: 543386  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G 
Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol:  FINOPB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call with the investors and analysts held on Thursday, 
August 01, 2024 - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Ref: Earnings call with Investors and Analysts on Thursday, August 01, 2024 
 
In continuation to our letter dated July 23, 2024 and August 01, 2024, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the earnings call with the investors and analysts held on Thursday, 
August 01, 2024. 
 
Only information available in public domain was discussed with the investors/analysts. 
 
This disclosure is also available on the Bank’s website i.e.  www.finobank.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Basavraj Loni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Encl: As above 
 
BASAVRAJ 
SHIVANAND 
LONI
Digitally signed by 
BASAVRAJ 
SHIVANAND LONI 
Date: 2024.08.06 
15:19:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Q1 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RISHI GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN MERCHANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – FINO 
PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUP AGARWAL – FINANCIAL CONTROLLER – FINO 
PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Fino Payments Bank Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Fino Payments Bank Earnings 
Call to discuss the Q1 FY '25 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. Rishi Gupta, 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Ketan Merchant, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Anup Agarwal, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be, therefore, viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 
faces. 
 
I now request the MD and CEO, Mr. Rishi Gupta, to take us through the company's business 
outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which, we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for the 
Fino Payments Bank Quarter 1 FY '25 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to share that this is our 
highest quarterly revenue for Fino since the inception of the bank. Our endeavor to deliver 
consistent growth through innovation and focus is yielding its results. We continue to remain 
profitable while effectively scaling the business with a greater focus on our digital initiatives. 
 
Some of our key achievements in quarter 1 FY '25 are: Highest-ever quarterly revenue; best 
quarter 1 ever, both on revenue as well as PBT; highest renewal revenue -- renewal CASA 
revenue; highest CMS throughput of nearly INR 20,000 crores; digital now contributing to 
nearly 15% of the overall revenue. 
 
While Ketan will discuss the financial results in detail, let me provide an overview of our 
business. Our business momentum is steadily increasing as we transition from a transaction 
approach to ownership, aligning with our TAM strategy. TAM for many of you who would 
know, but for people who have joined us recently, transaction, acquisition, monetization is 
the TAM strategy. Our aim is to boost digital penetration in rural India, where Fino is a name 
to reckon with, through advanced technology and a simplified digital service. 
 
As the Indian economy continues to move towards digitization, I think all of you are 
experiencing it, we have also been continuously upgrading our infrastructure and our digital 
capabilities over the past couple of years. In addition to our B2C plans for digital growth, we 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
have, as announced earlier, built in a profitable B2B model using our UPI and digital stack. 
This has resulted in significant incremental revenue in digital payment services vertical, which 
now contributes to nearly 15% of the revenue, and we believe will continue to grow in the 
near future as well. We now contribute to nearly 1.42% of the total UPI ecosystem in volume, 
up from 1.27% in quarter 4 of last year. 
 
Our digital footprint is expanding, with digital throughput growing by 141% year-on-year to 
nearly INR44,200 crores in this quarter. To dwell a bit more into digital payment services, this 
is through partnerships wherein Fino platform facilitates financial transactions online for 
businesses. This model helps to leverage the platform, which we have created over the past 2 
years on setting up a simplified digital stack with in-house UPI switch for our business 
partners. Our aim is to continue the momentum on this business for the coming quarter and 
more. So this is the B2B digital payment ecosystem, which I just mentioned. 
 
Based on our initial momentum, we intend to continue to build on the UPI ecosystem, which 
will in future help partners and business to augment their business through seamless 
collections and payments. The way we had built a niche on our physical model in our 
formative years, our focus is now to build a customized digital stack for partners and 
customers. In addition to above, our intent is to leverage our merchant ecosystem and 
dovetail our digital stack through QR code, which enable us to get us set for monetization 
phase as part of our TAM strategy. 
 
Our commitment to digital investments and technological innovations underscores our deep 
integration into the digital landscape. This dedication reflects our ability, our adaptability, 
customer-focused approach and strategic initiatives forming a robust foundation for future 
strategy for credit offering and monetization. You would remember, I mentioned in the past 
the DDD strategy, which we will follow in the SFB. In addition to the digital momentum, I 
want to state that our ownership business is also continuing its team, and our endeavor to 
add over to 250,000 new accounts, new CASA accounts, each month is on track. 
 
In fact, in this quarter, we have added 8.1 lakh accounts. We have on an average 42 lakh 
digitally active customers as of the end of the quarter 1 '25. As we mentioned earlier, the 
digitally active customers offer us more renewals and more balances as well. So we are quite 
happy with the higher digital active numbers. 
 
Continuing on CASA, we have reorganized our verticals internally to bring in higher emphasis 
on growth of accounts and liabilities. We have also beefed our products team to build more 
emphasis on liabilities. Our CMS business volume -- our CMS business value also saw a robust 
growth, up 26% on a Y-o-Y basis as we continue to diversify our clients across sectors like 
BFSI, e-commerce, retail and logistics. 
 
We have nearly 250 clients now on the CMS platform, both are high-margin products. CASA 
and CMS contributed to our overall revenue. This is despite the surge in our digital business 
and a large base. Our transaction business, remittances, micro ATMs and AePS continue to 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
remain hook product to maintain the customer acquisition momentum. We continue to build 
our merchant ecosystem to garner a higher market share in transaction business as we go in 
this year. 
 
As mentioned in our earlier earnings update, we are revamping our entire core banking 
system, including peripheral applications, and it should be completed by end of this fiscal. 
The project is on schedule, and we expect to conclude it by end of this financial year. This 
ongoing investment aims to simplify the technology architecture, increase transaction speed, 
handle higher volumes and strengthen our cybersecurity infrastructure. The progress on the 
new technology platform is on schedule, and we expect benefit on customer servicing, new 
service lines and overall throughput and maybe some new product lines as well. 
 
Based on the business momentum, it gives me immense pleasure to announce that we are 
increasing our guidance of revenue growth from 20% to 25% for this financial year, and I 
want to reassure our investors that we are dedicated to consistently grow each quarter from 
hereon. We will continue to invest in innovation and technology to provide user-friendly, safe 
and secure banking services for our target market. Our growth is expected to be driven by a 
strong focus on customer centricity and the effective execution of our TAM strategy. 
 
Now I pass it over to Ketan Merchant, our CFO, to discuss into details of our financial results. 
Over to you, Ketan. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today 
once again on our earnings call. As emphasized by Rishi, our continuous robust performance 
this quarter exemplifies another stage of stability and profitability for Fino Payments Bank. 
Our strategy focusing on TAM, as Rishi explained, remains a crucial factor in our success, 
consistently yielding excellent results. This quarter also, there's a growth in transaction 
volume, which not only indicates growing customer engagement but also sets strong 
foundation for our future monetization strategy. This is the M part of our TAM strategy. 
 
We are expanding our acquisition platform consistently, leveraging both digital and our 
extensive merchant network to onboard new customers. This strategic focus is driven by 
understanding that acquiring the customer opens numerous opportunities for cross-selling 
and upselling a diverse range of products and services, ultimately leading to enhanced 
profitability and sustainability. 
 
Turning now to financial performance for Q1 FY '25. We are pleased to announce another 
quarter of strong results. Our total revenue for the quarter reached INR436.9 crores, marking 
a 25% Y-o-Y growth. Our margins have remained range bound around 31%. Our EBITDA for 
the quarter was INR53.2 crores, a 31.4% growth on a Y-o-Y basis, with EBITDA margin 
increasing to 12.2%, which was earlier 11.6% in quarter 1 FY '24. 
 
As I have been saying, operating leverage is a key part of our strategy, and it is playing, 
leading to cost income ratio of 25.4%, which we again intend to maintain range bound 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
around 25%. This is despite the continuous investment in people and technology, which we 
are intending to do. 
 
In terms of operational performances, we recorded an impressive 70.5 crores transactions for 
the quarter, a substantial 74% increase compared to the same period last year. The 
throughput for the quarter reached INR1.46 lakh crores, showing an increase of 39% on a 
year-on-year basis, which digital transactions accounting for 42% of the total throughput for 
the quarter. 
 
As Rishi earlier mentioned, we had around 42 lakhs average daily active customers in Q1 FY 
'25. This is laying a strong foundation for our annuity renewal income addition future 
monetization prospects. As we continue to enhance our digital offerings for customer 
experience, we anticipate even greater digital adoption. 
 
Moving on to segmental business performance. As emphasized by Rishi, our digital payment 
service business experienced a significant growth during the quarter, and as he said, now 
representing 15% of our overall business revenue. Revenue from digital payments surged 
from INR 7.7 crores in quarter 1 FY '24 to INR 66.8 crores in quarter 1 FY '25, marking a nearly 
eightfold year-on-year increase. 
 
Additionally, this was an 82% quarter-on-quarter growth as well. We are confident that this 
segment will continue to be a key contributor to our overall business momentum. For digital 
payments, we are currently having 19 partners and growing on a month-on-month basis. To 
provide statistics around digital growth, I'm happy to share that we contribute 1.42% of 
overall UPI ecosystem, as Rishi said. The corresponding figure last year was 1.01%. This shows 
the penetration which we are doing into digital, both on the B2B as well as the B2C side. 
 
CASA. CASA is one of our high-margin products. During the quarter, revenues from CASA 
stood at INR 93.6 crores, a growth of 40% vis-à-vis INR 66.9 crores in quarter 1 FY '24. Now 
we come to the renewal income or the annuity income as we say. Renewal income for CASA 
grew by 54% year-on-year to INR 40.4 crores with CASA contributing 21% of bank's overall 
revenue. This figure for Q1 FY '24 was 19%. CASA accounts reached approximately 1.2 crores 
with a consistent opening rate in excess of 2.5 lakh new accounts per month. 
 
I would like to draw attention of our statement, which we had made approximately 2 years 
back, where we had explained our strategy on CASA. This was part of TAM. Here, the 
emphasis was how to -- how annuity renewal income will have larger contribution to our 
CASA revenue. To elaborate this perspective with some statistics, in Q1 FY '23, our renewal 
income was INR 13.4 crores and contributed 33% of CASA income. Come Q1 FY '24, it was 
around INR 26.2 crores and contributed 38% of CASA income. 
 
Now in Q1 '25, as Rishi earlier mentioned, our renewal income is INR 40.4 crores and stands 
at 43% of the CASA income. This growth in renewal income brings stability and predictability 
of the business model. The average deposits have increased by 37% to INR 1,699 crores, 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
demonstrating robust growth in our customer balances. The increase reflects the strategic 
emphasis on deepening customer relationship and engage -- enhancing engagement through 
innovative digital services as well as the leveraging of the physical network. 
 
Approximately 68% of our CASA accounts are active, reflecting strong customer engagement. 
This high level of activity indicates the effectiveness of our customer retention strategy and 
the value customer finds in our banking services. Additionally, the strategic focus on quality 
account acquisition and retention continues to drive the growth. Just to give a perspective, in 
which part of India the CASA is growing off, the highest number of new CASA customers were 
added in Uttar Pradesh followed by Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Maharashtra and Gujarat. 
 
Turning now to other high-margin segment, CMS. CMS now constitutes around 9% of our 
business. We continue to remain one of the market leaders. CMS business experienced a 10% 
year-on-year growth, reaching INR 39.4 crores during the quarter, while CMS throughput 
grew by 26% on a year-on-year basis, approximately INR 20,000 crores, as Rishi earlier said. 
 
NBFC and MFI sectors continue to be the primary contributors throughout, making up a 62% 
of our total in Q1 '25. Regarding other business segments, our transaction business continues 
to remain a crucial platform for attracting and retaining customers, thus driving both footfall 
and banking activities. In the case of AEPS, after navigating through the various ecosystem 
challenges, which the system had encountered for last 12 months, the situation is now 
stabilizing. As a result, we are not expecting any degrowth from these levels in the upcoming 
quarters despite a digital economy growing at an accelerated pace. 
 
I would also like to draw attention to Slide number 9 of our investor presentation. This slide 
essentially depicts the strength of our Q1 financial performance over Q4 for past 4 years. Q1 
FY '25 has witnessed a revenue growth of 9% eventually. This is the highest in the past 4 
years, and PBT also showing the best sequential movement till date since the inception of the 
bank. 
 
During FY '24, our breakup of revenue for H1 and H2 was in the ratio of 48:52. And PBT was 
around 44:56. Q4 '24, our revenue grew by 15% over Q1 '24. The reason we're providing the 
statistics is as the guidance has been provided into the investor deck as well, we expect a 
similar trend to continue. 
 
As we move forward, our focus will remain on leveraging our digital platform, expanding our 
product offering and ensuring regulatory compliance. We continuously strive to enhance our 
product portfolio by leveraging digital platforms to serve a diverse population. This approach 
allows us to effectively meet evolving needs of customers while ensuring accessibility and 
convenience. We believe that these efforts will continue to drive our growth and solidify our 
position as a leading player in the industry. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from Phillip Capital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sir, two questions. The first one is that there are two large conglomerates with payment 
banks, which are now increasing the banking correspondent network. Will that lead to some 
sort of business attrition for us? How do we look at the stickiness of our BC network? Second 
is, we had applied for an SFB license. Any update on that? 
Moderator: 
Hello, sir. We are not able to hear you. 
Rishi Gupta: 
I think he has dropped out. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
No, no. I'm here, sir. I'm here. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Can you be a little bit louder, please? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Right, sir. I'll just repeat my questions. So there are 2 large conglomerate promoted payment 
banks, which are increasing the BC network. Do we think that, that could be a threat to our 
own network? That's the first question. Second is just an update on our SFB license. Where 
are we in that process? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Now, it is clear. So on the first question, in terms of -- on the BC network, do we feel there is 
any challenge from some of the other payment banks and specifically the two large 
conglomerate we're saying. I think out of the two, one has been in the market for more or 
less the same year. In fact, they started business 6 months before we started our bank. So we 
work together in the same geographies. We have areas also where we have common interest 
as well in terms of some products. So we don't see that there is going to be a big challenge on 
that side. 
 
On the other conglomerate, I think we still have to see what their intentions are. My own 
intention -- my own understanding is that they want to focus more on the their own vendor 
and their own NBFC kind of network right now. So we'll have to see the other conglomerate 
whether -- how deep they want to go into BC. But my understanding is that, as of now, they 
just want to focus on their own existing ecosystem. 
 
Second, on the SFB, from our last conversation till now we -- as internally, we continue to be 
quite upbeat, and we are working towards building the technology, liability as well as 
partnership lending portfolio. So that part, we are getting ready as such. From a regulatory 
point of view, from the last meeting until now, we have not heard of any new update as of 
now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. 
Anand Dama: 
Congratulations for a great set of results. Sir, one is that you talked about the revenue 
growth, where you're basically increasing revenue about 5% or so. Sir, can you help 
understand whether this revenue growth is primarily going to come from the new business 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
segments? Or is it that the existing business segments also will contribute towards this 
increased guidance. If you can explain that, it will be helpful. I have a second question. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Anand, if I understood your question right, your perspective was where is the future -- which 
part of the business is a future growth driver, correct? 
Anand Dama: 
Yes. So basically, you talked about increasing the revenue growth guidance of 5%. Is this 
mainly contributed by the new business segments or there's going to be a contribution from 
the existing business segments as well? 
Ketan Merchant: 
I think if you go to the Slide 17 of our investor deck as well, we've attempted to provide a 
perspective of how we are upping our guidance, as Rishi said, from 20% to 25%. In a nutshell, 
if we just see, in FY '24, the digital payment services was contributing 6% and we are 
expecting that to be closing at around 16%, 17%. In addition, CASA, and I explained the 
statistics of our renewal income that how it is adding and becoming an increasing part of our 
CASA and overall revenue. So digital, CASA and CMS are the three drivers, which we are 
anticipating to grow. 
 
One more point to give a perspective is that last year, we have seen a challenge coming in 
AEPS ecosystem as well. And if we see the kind of numbers this time as well, this quarter has 
started reversing that trend. So we also expect a bit of a growth coming in AEPS. Having said 
that, our transaction business is expected to garner the footfall for us, so that we can 
increase our ownership business. I trust that answers your question. 
Anand Dama: 
Okay. And secondly, if you look at our existing business, why I was asking this question again 
is that if you look at the remittance business and the micro ATM growth, there is some sort of 
slowdown that we see in these two businesses. Is it more structural in nature? Or how do you 
basically explain that? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So I'll split this question into two parts. I'll take remittance a bit separately and micro ATM a 
bit separately. As and when the digital is -- economy is increasing, it does have a knock-on 
impact in terms of remittance. It's about the pace at which it stabilizes and how does it go.  
 
As regards to micro ATM kind of a scenario, micro ATM over last couple of maybe 7, 8 
quarters or 4, 6 quarters, it's lost its sheen as much. So we're not expecting anything 
significant in terms of micro ATM. However, it is still important for us to have a footfall kind 
of a scenario. 
Anand Dama: 
And so basically connected to the first question was that you increased your revenue growth 
guidance. So whether that will flow into a better ROE as well? Or like because the new 
businesses are going to be relatively better EBITDA businesses? 
Ketan Merchant: 
That's a fair question. How whether -- how will the margins play out in terms of this? ROE is a 
function of two things. One is the product mix essentially changing. In certain cases, in the 
past, we've also said that we are increasing our own business more as compared to API. So 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
that is one aspect. The other one is whilst digital is essentially growing as well, it will -- it is 
coming at a margin of around 22%, 23%, which we've said that of. 
 
On an overall basis, with margins largely remaining range bound, as I said in my opening 
statements as well, there is expected to be an absolute growth coming around in terms of the 
bottom line as well. However, let's not forget one point, which I had earlier mentioned in my 
flow as well that we continue to invest into the technology and digital as well as our people 
stack as well. So all of this taken together, yes, we are looking at a sort of an enhanced kind of 
profitability on an absolute basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Two data keeping questions. First, what is the new subscription revenue in the CASA 
segment? It was INR 20 crores last quarter, first is that. Second, you used to give this share of 
revenue split into own and API channel. So what -- for example, last quarter, the own channel 
was roughly 64% or so -- sorry, 69%. So what would that be INR 436 crores, INR437 crores of 
revenue into own channel, if you could give that breakup. 
 
And my main question over here is on the digital channel. So if I see the digital throughput or 
the UPI throughput that you give, that is up 2 percentage points quarter-on-quarter, right? 
But the digital revenue sequentially have shot up quite more. So just wanted to understand 
what all goes into the digital revenues. Am I reading it wrong that if I only look at digital 
throughput, I will not be able to derive the digital revenues? And also aren't -- just a 
clarification, won't all your digital products be sold via your own channel or some of it is also 
via the API or the open banking channel? That's my question. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you. Thank you, Shreya. I'll attempt to go sequentially. I've been making notes of your 
questions. First one, what is the subscription revenue of CASA? Last year that last quarter -- 
sorry, for this quarter, that number is INR 24.3 crores. Your second question essentially was 
the own and API mix. I think quarter 4 '24, that number was 65-35 quarter 1 -- I mean, 65-35 
skewed towards own to API, quarter 1 '25, that number is 72 and 28. 
 
Coming to the digital payment services revenue, the way I understood your question was that 
what all constitutes the digital revenue? Let me -- before I go into the statistics and some 
numbers, I'm giving a breakup of INR 66.8 crores of digital revenue, I'll just say digital has two 
components. One is the B2B, the digital payment services, which I think Rishi explained in his 
flow through. And the other one is the digital D2C, the customers essentially, which we are 
opening up. 
 
Just to give a perspective of how the revenue essentially comes up. Of the INR 66.8 crores 
revenue, around, I think, INR 64 crores is from the B2B kind of breakup wherein I mentioned 
we have 19 partners, and we provide them online UPI platform or facilitating their business, 
both on the collections as well as the payment. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
In addition to that, there are some MEITY incentives also, which essentially come out and 
then there is interchange fees as well. So all of this taken together, it is just about fair to say 
that in the formative stages of our digital growth, the B2B and the payment product, which I 
just explained, is the driver of the digital payment services. And the point to reckon out here, 
which I earlier also said was that these B2B partnerships, we are also increasing on a month-
on-month basis further. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. So my understanding, when I look at the UPI through -- hello? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, yes, I am listening. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. When I look at the UPI throughput, that only -- that includes the B2B and the D2C retail 
bit, I mean it will include all of those, right? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, it will. 
Shreya Shivani: 
It will, right? So that has increased 2% quarter-on-quarter, but because you also provide all 
these platform and you had mentioned about customized digital stack for your customers, so 
the revenue may not directly be proportionate with how the throughputs are increasing. Is 
that understanding correct? 
Ketan Merchant: 
In certain cases, yes. However, I am attempting to see my breakup of total throughput of our 
UPI, which for the previous quarter was 32,529, that has gone to 36,358. So that's definitely 
more than 2% sequentially. 
Shreya Shivani: 
This number 440 -- sorry. 
Ketan Merchant: 
There are some business changes, which we've essentially done as well. I think your thesis, 
the way you came across, if I have to answer in one line, will a throughput be a function of 
our digital momentum? The answer is no. We also need to be cognizant that it's a B2B kind of 
a business from a partner to partner. We have different take rates also which are coming. So 
that will also facilitate the growth coming in our digital. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Okay. So the digital throughput that I was looking at was the 44,197 numbers. Okay. 
Sorry. But yes, largely, I understand because of the B2B nature, it may not be directly 
proportionate just with the throughput increases. That should be the summary of the digital 
business, right? 
Ketan Merchant: 
That's a fair understanding. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachit Motwani from Motilal Oswal AMC.  
Sachit Motwani: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. This is as a follow-up question to what Shreya was asking. 
So in your digital payments service revenues, if I look at your -- and also take rates have been 
going up. And if I look at for this quarter, it says roughly 15 basis points. And if I assume, 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
you've disclosed 22% margin on this. So that gives me about 3 basis points. One of the listed 
payment company gives out that they are making 3 basis points on UPI. So I just want to 
understand why -- is the partner passing on everything to you? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Sachit, I may not want to answer about how much of partner would be passing it across. But I 
think this is a fairly standard way the way industry is also functioning. It is also that, as I 
earlier said, there are 19 partners around and for each of the partners, currently, there's an 
element of a differentiated take rate and the margin depending upon the kind of services, 
which is happening. 
 
So the way you are reading it is right and also for us, it is the third, which has essentially come 
in the last four months' time as well and the business will still further evolve, hopefully for 
the good. So we will have to give some stability in terms of finalizing what will be the take 
rate and the interchange between us and the various partners. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Understood. And just last thing, this 2 to 3 basis point is a fair assumption to project? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, please. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just 2, 3 things from my side. One on this tax thing, so 
have you fully utilized the DTA part? Or there is still some portion to that? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Renish, Ketan here. Renish, we do have some tax losses. I had earlier mentioned in my calls 
last year as well, coming this time, and perhaps from the second quarter as well, there will be 
the tax rate, which will get initiated depending upon the profitability which goes up. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. And the new tax rate will be what? I mean, the 25% mark or there will be some 
benefits still to flow into that? 
Ketan Merchant: 
No, I think it will be around that, as you said. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, on the margin front, if we look at the revenue growth on sequential 
basis or even on Y-o-Y basis has been strong. But when we look at the PAT growth on 
sequential basis is sort of down. So what is the reason for this margin contraction quarter-on-
quarter? This is -- the same thing had happened in Q4 as well? I'm just wondering from a high 
of almost 33% in Q2, Q3, the margin -- I mean, the gross profit margin has fell to some 30% 
now. 
Ketan Merchant: 
So Renish, I think margin is also the function of the product mix, how the product mix is 
essentially evolving off. If your question essentially -- and statistically, what you're essentially 
saying is right that if I just see -- I mean, sequential quarter, it is from 31.9% to 31%. However, 
the way we are also seeing the kind of the growth which is coming is we're balancing the 
margin versus the total profitability as well. So nothing further changes in what I have said 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
earlier. We will not have too much of fluctuation. There will be in certain cases based on the 
product mix, which is changing, some margins, which may go up and down. 
 
However, if you go back to the earlier slide, which I was referring to, where I have given the 
pie chart of how 25% growth will also come through for the remaining 3 quarters, wherever 
we are seeing the growth like CASA and CMS, which are the highest margin, that will 
compensate a relatively lower margin product. 
 
So margin guidance, if you're looking at it is, we'll try and keep it rained out, which is what 
we've said earlier as well. If I'm not remember -- if I remember correctly, I think two calls 
back, I had mentioned that we will try and be anywhere in the range of around 30-odd -- 30% 
to 32%, depending upon the product mix drive, which we are looking at. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. And sir, just last question was this take rate in CMS business. Again, that has been 
tapering off. It seems though we don't disclose the take rates, but when we look at on the 
profit margin, it used to be some 45%, 46% margin business for us, which is now 37%. 
Naturally, it seems to suggest that take rates are being tapered off. So how do you see this 
business going ahead in terms of the margins? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Renish, that's a fair observation and a good question. I think CMS earlier also I had just 
mentioned across, it is kind of the client mix also, which we are looking at. It's a B2B business 
where we have more than 250 partners. Each industry, the rate -- the take rate changes. I 
think somewhere in my earlier note I had also mentioned about that around 62-odd percent 
of our CMS is being contributed by MFI and so on and so forth. So while take rate is a point to 
reckon, we are looking at an absolute kind of a growth, which we can get around if we are 
changing or if we are enhancing the industry as we've done for the last 2 quarters. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. So then the 25% revenue growth, ideally, the increase in revenue growth guidance 
should translate into a similar PAT growth or no? I mean, that is what I'm just trying to... 
Ketan Merchant: 
No, I gauged your question, and I think someone earlier also asked a similar question that 
what does a 25% growth entail to. Now if you have seen our current set of numbers, the 25% 
growth is coming to a 30% kind of profitability growth. Yes, the product mix is essentially 
changing, digital is at a 22%, 23% margin. 
 
What we would -- what we are aiming to do and aiming to do it reasonably consistently for 
the remaining quarters of the year is maintain our absolute growth, which we had anticipated 
earlier in terms of profitability as well. So whilst we are upping the revenue growth, our -- 
there will be a corresponding increase in the profitability, but not in the proportion of our 
revenue growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent Advisors. 
Divyansh Gupta 
So just following up on the previous question that was asked. If I look at the margins for each 
of the line of businesses, right, so I understand the product mix can, let's say, sway the overall 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
numbers. But each business line item margins that you give, they have been seeing a 
reducing trend. 
 
So from June '22, where, let's say, CASA was 57%, now it is 50%. For each of the line items, 
the margins have been reducing. And just to build on to it, that last time when we had 
interacted, you had mentioned that as digital or self-service increase, the margins should 
ideally go up, whereas the actual trajectory is down. So what might be the reason for it? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Divyansh, Ketan here. I'll just take you to the previous presentation where typically the CASA 
margin was in the range of 53%, 54%. Currently, we are seeing 50%. And I also just mentioned 
in our -- in my earlier this thing as well that between quarter 1 to quarter 4, typically, the 
revenue goes up by 15%. Now it's also in terms of percentage, which part of the revenue goes 
up. I gave some statistics on renewal and annuity income which was for 33%, then it went to 
38%, 39% and 43%. As and when renewal trajectory goes up, the margin essentially increase 
as well. 
 
I will also take back to just give comfort to you and Renish both having similar questions, 
what I referred in my statement as well. If we just go during FY '24, our breakup of revenue in 
H1, H2 was around 48:52 and profitability was 44:56. This is what something which we 
essentially expect to replicate as well. 
 
So whilst, yes, there is an element of a quarter-by-quarter seasonality, which comes 
specifically the way I explained about renewal, on the CMS front, yes, there has been a take 
rate point, which are essentially coming. However, the attempt is to compensate on an 
absolute basis the profitability increases of. 
 
Our digital payment services, we've captured our margin. And I think in Sachit's question, we 
just corroborated how it essentially works, too. So margin will continue to be range bound, as 
I said in our this thing. However, any challenges or downside coming in margin may not have 
any impact on the absolute profitability which we are looking at. There are levers which we 
are looking at compensating or changing in terms of profitability. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to our next question. That is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision 
Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just a question. The throughput for the 
transaction part of the business, which is your AEPS, micro ATM, remittance, has been 
declining and is compensated by the digital throughput, which, as you explained in this call, 
was on the B2B side. We need the transaction for the ownership part of it as part of our TAM 
strategy. So do you think that is declining throughput could be a challenge in customer 
acquisition maybe going forward a couple of quarters down the line? 
Rishi Gupta: 
A very good question, in fact. The way we look at it is that the transaction definitely leads us 
to more CASA. The only thing is that because of the transaction also moving cannibalizes both 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
digital as well as our own customers. So the total volume of transaction will not drop that 
much. A lot of the people used to come to do off-us transactions, they are now doing on-us 
transactions through our own savings account. And plus a lot of them have started to move 
to UPI ecosystem. In fact, DMTs as well as cash withdrawals have come down because of the 
UPI ecosystem. 
 
We also are now promoting our merchants to not only look at walk-in customers who come 
to the point to do transactions to open account for them, but also to create a kind of a 
network within their geographies and open accounts, to go and meet people so that they can 
open accounts for them as well. So both in terms of inward customers as well as around the 
geography customers are being sourced for savings account and current account as well. So 
the ecosystem in that geography is quite robust. And I think while off-us is moving to on-us, 
but still we have a long road on our customer acquisition strategy, so to say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Sukhwani from Indvest Group. 
Kunal Sukhwani: 
I'm actually relatively new to your business. Just wanted you to talk a bit more about the 
digital payment services. Can you please explain the B2C and the B2B part of it? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Okay. That's a good question again. So on the B2C side, as we had mentioned in the previous 
meetings also, see when we open a savings account of a customer, we are now promoting 
him to start using UPI. And we have seen that the UPI usage has gone up in the last 1 or 2 
years. Now 42-plus lakh customers are on the UPI platform. We are contributing to nearly 
1.42% of the total UPI transactions in the country. So that is the B2C side. It's like you having 
account with the X bank and you also use UPI of that bank or a PSP. So that is the B2C side of 
it, which currently doesn't yield any revenue because of the zero charge on the P2M and the 
P2P side, only the MeitY incentive is there. 
 
The second part is the conversation around the B2B services. So there are a lot of companies 
who are there in the market who are offering UPI services, just like IMPS, NEFT, RTGS. So if 
you are a client and you want to do some services on the UPI, you have to go to an 
aggregator and the aggregator comes to a bank. So we become the bank for the aggregator 
and the digital companies who want to say, for example, we want to do UPI collect service. 
 
So you would have seen that when you go to for car servicing. And in that car servicing, you 
have to make payment. So you rather than going and making payment, they might send you a 
link on which you could make the payment either through UPI or IMPS or any other platform. 
So that kind of UPI services are considered as part of the B2B platform. So that's the digital 
payment interface, which we have. That's just one part of the service, which is the UPI paying 
service where somebody pays into your account. 
 
Then there is other services also around payout, there could be other PPI services, which can, 
at some point, come within Fino. We have started on a small note that volume is going to 
grow. That's largely the digital payment interface, which is there. I hope it is clear. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Kunal Sukhwani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, given that it's B2B and potentially, it would be very price competitive, so will 
the business will be sticky or how does it work? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So two, three things are there. Obviously, apart from commercial, it's the kind of service and 
the technology platform, which is there. So both in terms of our service levels with our 
clients, and also with really 99.99% uptake on our UPI Switch, I think the clients are quite 
happy with the kind of services and technology platform they are able to get. 
 
So I would say this is just the beginning of our journey as far as Fino Payments Bank is 
concerned. I think there are a lot of opportunities which will come in our journey, and you 
stay glued to it for the next 1 or 2 years. There are a lot of new things which we are also 
planning, which, at this stage, I can't share, but there are a lot of other initiatives also which 
are under planning. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question from the line of Himanshu Dugar from Safegainz Financial 
Advisors. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
My first question is, I would like to understand the ratio or the correlation between the digital 
active customers versus the CASA accounts. I mean, the kind of penetration seems to be kind 
of increasing. How do you see that going ahead? And a follow-on question to that is, if you 
could share some retention metric on these two accounts? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So on the digital account activation versus our total CASA accounts, so there are two things 
which one has to understand. One is that the fact that digital -- while we started opening 
CASA accounts for a lot of our customers 5, 6 years back, but that point of time, the UPI 
penetration or the smartphone or the data penetration were pretty low. So a lot of those old 
customers are still not on the UPI platform. Secondly, because we cater to a large set of rural 
customers and below the poverty -- or below the middle pyramid of the country, so a lot of 
them may not have smartphones also and may not be comfortable using -- doing financial 
transactions on the mobile. 
 
So we thought, and I will be very candid on this, but if you would have asked me 2, 3 years 
back, I would not have said that we'll have 40% plus of our customers who will be digital 
active. I would have probably said 10%, 15%, maybe at an outer range. But I'm pleasantly 
surprised by the uptake, which is there, specifically in the new generation, even in the Tier 3, 
Tier 4, or the younger generation, which they have started to use UPI as another big mediums 
for their daily transactions. 
 
So that's why we also -- you would remember, started to talk about everyday banking, Har 
Din Fino, because we felt -- because Fino is being used more as a transaction account rather 
than as a lazy money account. So to that extent, the transaction businesses have grown, and 
that is where the UPI ecosystem have also grown with us in the last 2 years, so to say, and 
nearly 42 lakhs of our customers are on UPI active. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
And coming to the second part of your question, retention. I think that's a very important 
question. We started with nearly 45%, 50% renewal ratio. Now we are at 60% to 65% renewal 
ratio. We have seen UPI customer not only the fact that is more active, but also keeps a 
higher balance to the extent of about 30% to 40% than a non-UPI customer. And also, the 
renewal rates are far higher at about 80% plus compared to 60%, 65% for a non-UPI 
customer. So UPI becomes a big hook for us for our CASA strategy. 
 
In fact, we do a lot of -- under the CLCP thing, which is customer life cycle plan, we do a lot of 
initiatives in terms of bringing the customer to a transaction mechanism, then training the 
customer, giving him offers, working with them, providing them more options and products 
and everything. And we also did our Finopay app, a new version we launched last year, and 
iOS version also we launched it. So all this is part of the retention strategy of the company to 
retain good UPI customers or even other transacting customers. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
Just a follow-up question here. In terms of... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Sir, may we request that you return to the question queue. There are 
participants waiting for their turn. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
I will just ask one question. You said I can ask three questions, right? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, we are restricting questions to one per participant. The next question is from the line 
of Karthik Saity from APBL. 
Karthik Saity: 
Basically, one question is why the CASA balance has degrown quarter 4 versus quarter 1? And 
the second one is, your assessment on the DMT pricing increase and the PAT benefit out of 
the increase in the prices. These are the 2 set of questions. 
Ketan Merchant: 
So Karthik, let me just take the first question first. What you're seeing as a degrown is a 
balance sheet kind of a movement on a sequential basis. If I look at, at an average deposit 
which is where how we look at it, it has actually grown by double-digit percentage. So that 
answers the first point of your contention now in terms of the CASA growth. Also to give a 
perspective is that 37% is Y-o-Y growth as well. If I understood your second question right, 
you were looking at the kind of the impact coming on the DMT pricing. Am I reading it right? 
Karthik Saity: 
Yes, yes. 
Ketan Merchant: 
So DMT pricing is driven by the industry, not -- it's typically a pricing, which is there, which is 
determined based on how the industry prices it off as well. I think all the banks are looking at 
it in their own contention of what remittance has to be grown and how much it is. At the 
current stage, we do not have any statistics to say that what will be the kind of impact which 
we'll have in terms of DMT pricing. However, we're not seeing any challenge coming in terms 
of our forecast or our footfalls, which we've seen on account of any of these changes in the 
pricing. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Mithani. Sir, your audio is sounding very feeble. Can you come a little 
more closer to the mic? 
Parimal Mithani: 
So I just wanted to know in the media interview today, you mentioned about CASA growth of 
40%. What makes you so confident about this growth?  
Rishi Gupta: 
The first point, if I understand what you're saying is... 
Parimal Mithani: 
Hello? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So that is, if I understand your question right, in terms of the CASA growth, I think earlier in 
my this thing also, I mentioned that our revenue on a year-on-year basis is at 93% vis-à-vis 
INR 66 crores -- INR93 crores vis-a-vis INR 66 crores on a year-on-year basis, which is 40%, 
which comes on the back of the 54% growth on the annuity stock revenue -- renewal income, 
which I just mentioned. 
 
Also to give a perspective, I have given a trend of how renewal income, which has grown over 
the last 2 years from 33% to 38% and to 43% over the overall CASA pie. So renewal is annuity 
income, which is building up. It also has the seasonality, which I earlier explained in the 
context of margin as well. So that's something which the kind of accounts which we have 
built, and as Rishi earlier elaborated that it's about the Har Din Fino account people 
transacting it off. So our bullishness on our renewal income becoming more and more 
significant part continues to be there. My bad I could not gather your second question. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the last question. That is from the line of Sachit 
Motwani from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Sachit Motwani: 
I wanted to check if digital payment service business at EBITDA level, is it positive, just 
thinking from operating leverage perspective, so what are the costs below the gross margin 
level? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Actually being digital doesn't have too many manpower support, which is required. I think 
there was a 22% margin. I don't have the breakup how much it translates into EBITDA as such 
because it's a common technology, digital platform, which is there. So -- but it is definitely 
value accretive. And also in terms of EBITDA would be higher percentage compared to the 
other businesses because of the very limited operating expense and manpower costs. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Sachit, Ketan here, just to corroborate or elaborate more on what Rishi just said is we've 
earlier also mentioned that we've had an in-house UPI switch, which has been built in over 
last 2, 3, 4 quarters as well. So I think that also brings the right kind of economies of scale for 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
us. We do not have to pay transaction by transaction UPI charges, which mostly some of the 
other banks have to pay out. 
 
So it's a good question, and I'll take this opportunity to put a perspective out here is, we -- 
our philosophy when we are in phygital or physical or digital is to new products, not only for 
future cross-sell but which are profitable and digital on account of B2B, the way Rishi 
explained the product is also profitable. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Sure. It would be helpful if in a quarter or 2, you can start helping us with EBITDA number 
also, that will be really helpful. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. Let us just think through how best we can do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you, everyone. Quarter 1 is always a new beginning, the first quarter of our new 
financial year. So we look forward to a great financial year as we have already upped our 
guidance from 20% to 25%. We used to focus on CASA, CMS and transaction business. So 
they were the 3 layers or the 3 areas, which we're focusing on, and now digital also becomes 
a big area from a revenue as well as from a bottom line perspective. 
 
As I mentioned, we continue to focus on technology and bringing technology, digital and 
keeping on -- and we'll keep on investing in building up our technology platform. As I 
mentioned, our -- the new core banking platform and the HTC, we plan to go live by end of 
this financial year. And as the company focuses on ways for the SFB thing, we continue to 
build on our TAM strategy. And we are quite hopeful that in the coming quarters also we'll 
see a good growth not only in digital, but also in other areas as well as we move forward in 
that direction. 
 
Thank you all for joining us today, and wishing you a very good evening, and a great day. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India 
Advisors, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
