 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED  
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
July 23, 2024  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
 Board of directors on July 18, 2024 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Board 
meeting held on July 18, 2024, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2024-2025/q1.html.   
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2024-
2025/q1.html.  
This is for your information and records.  
Yours Sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
ACS-21918 
 
Anur Gurugopala 
Raju 
Suryanarayana 
Manikantha
Digitally signed by Anur 
Gurugopala Raju 
Suryanarayana 
Manikantha 
Date: 2024.07.23 17:28:29 
+05'30'

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Media Conference Call 
July 18, 2024   
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:  
   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Rishi Basu 
Corporate Communications 
  
JOURNALISTS  
 
Ritu Singh  
CNBC TV18 
 
Haripriya Sureban 
NDTV Profit 
 
Veena Mani 
Times of India 
 
Chandra R. Srikanth 
Moneycontrol 
 
Sameer Bakshi  
Economic Times 
 
Beena Parmar  
Economic Times 
 
Padmini Dhruvaraj 
The Financial Express 
 
Haripriya Suresh 
Reuters 
 
Jas Bardia 
The Mint 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 2   
 
Sanjana B 
The Hindu Business Line 
 
Sonal Choudhary 
Deccan Herald 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 3   
  
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening, everyone and thank you for joining Infosys' First Quarter Financial Results. My 
name is Rishi and on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome all of you. As I always do, I request 
one question from each media house to accommodate everyone over the next hour. 
And with that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon and thank you all for being here with us today. We started the financial 
year with a strong performance in Q1 across multiple dimensions, including broad-based revenue 
growth, expansion in operating margin, strong large deal wins and strong cash generation. 
Our revenues for the quarter grew 3.6% sequentially and 2.5% YoY in constant currency terms. I am 
particularly pleased with 7.9% growth in the financial services segment, where we are seeing 
improvement in client spend in North America. All geographies and most industry groups grew 
sequentially. 
Volume growth turned positive after several quarters. We had another strong quarter of large deal 
wins with 34 large deals at a total contract value of $4.1bn. Our clients see us as a preferred partner 
of choice in consolidation, cost takeout and efficiency opportunities. This is also a reflection of our 
leadership strength.  
With the mobilization of our margin program, we see positive impact on operating metrics. This 
resulted in our margin expanding by 1 (percentage) point sequentially. Free cash flow was highest 
ever at $1.1bn. We continue to see strong traction from our clients for Generative AI programs 
delivered through Topaz. Enterprises are focused on their own datasets that can be used in 
Generative AI large language models that create huge impact for them. 
Along with our overall robust performance in Q1 and strong opportunity pipeline, we are seeing early 
signs of improvement in financial services vertical in the U.S. While discretionary spends continue to 
be under pressure, our highly differentiated offerings around driving efficiencies at scale and the 
transformation capabilities around Generative AI have positioned us well in this market. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 4   
With respect to our recent acquisition of in-tech, we have received the required approvals and have 
closed the acquisition transaction. Given our strong performance in Q1 and our current outlook, we 
have revised our revenue growth guidance for the full financial year to 3% to 4% growth in constant 
currency terms. Our operating margin guidance for the financial year remains at 20% to 22%.  
With that, let us go ahead with the questions. Thank you. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka, 
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. With that, the first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBC-TV18. 
Ritu Singh 
Hi. Ritu from CNBC. Thank you for the question. A huge upgrade in the constant currency revenue 
guidance, 3% to 4%. So firstly, while you highlighted in financial services in the U.S., you are seeing 
some signs of a pickup. Overall, what is your sense on discretionary spend coming back? Where 
are the verticals, you continue to see weakness? 
And was all of this upgrade organic or have some of your past acquisitions that you have now 
completed had some role to play in this upgrade that we are seeing? Also, your margins are up about 
100 basis points over the previous quarter. I just wanted to understand, is there headroom for further 
growth when you are expecting to take the wage hikes, etc.? 
And just one more question, if I may on your headcount. As we have been asking you for the past 
several quarters, its now six quarters, it is been coming down. What are your hiring plans for the 
year, if you could just throw some light on that? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for your question. Let me start with the first one. On the guidance, the way we see what is 
going on in the market and our guidance. First, we had a strong performance in Q1 on volumes, as 
well as the point that we made on financial services in the U.S. 
Second, we had a very strong performance on large deals in Q1, which gives us more visibility into 
this financial year. And third, we completed the in-tech acquisition, which also helps us in this 
guidance. And Jayesh will give some color on the specifics with in-tech as well. On the margins, 
Jayesh, will you? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 5   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, so if you look at this quarter's margins, we have already expanded our margins by 100 basis 
points. If you look at the put-and-takes of that, almost 100 basis points came from last quarter's 
normalization. Last quarter, we had one-off, which impacted our margins. We had 80 basis points 
coming from Project Maximus, which is our margin expansion program, on the back of better pricing, 
which is value-based selling, better benefits from our efficiency pyramid, which is utilization, etc., and 
40 basis points came from one-off benefit that we got in this quarter from one of the clients on 
revenue side. So those were the positives. On the headwinds, we had 1.2% coming from better 
variable pay and higher leave and other costs, resulting in almost 1% margin expansion for the 
quarter. The Project Maximus as you know, we are working on it for the last couple of quarters and 
it has started showing results. Our long-term – medium-term objective on that is to expand margins 
from where we are. This year's guidance continues to remain 20% to 22%. 
Coming back to your last question on the headcount, as you know last multiple quarters, we have 
moved to the agile hiring base. That basically means we hire freshers both from the campus and off 
the campus. This quarter we had a 2,000 person net decline, which is lower than the previous 
quarters. Our utilization is already at 85%, so we have a little headroom now left. So, as we start 
seeing growth, we will look at hiring. We are looking at hiring 15,000 to 20,000 freshers this year, 
depending on how we see the growth. 
Ritu Singh 
On the first question, when you say the in-tech acquisition also played a role in you upping your 
guidance, could you give us a clear breakup, how much of it is coming organically and how much 
inorganically? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, we do not break up guidance, first of all, between acquisition and non-acquisition. But if you look 
at the disclosure that we made when we acquired in-tech, the annual revenue of in-tech was around 
€170 mn. So you can in a way, back calculate. But we do not really break up how much of guidance 
is between organic and inorganic. 
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Ritu. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from NDTV Profit. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 6   
Haripriya Sureban 
Sir, could you give us a broader sense on the demand environment when it comes to other regions 
than America's? And what is happening on the pricing bit? What has changed since the last quarter? 
What gives you the confidence in terms of like upping the guidance? 
Salil Parekh 
I will go with the first point on the demand environment. In other regions what we see is we have 
continued to see good growth. First, sequential growth was good across all the geographies. But we 
see good demand, in this sort of an environment, in the European market where we have had good 
traction and we have also had some of our large deals ramping up in that environment equally in 
what we see in the U.S. or the North American market as well. So, both of those we are seeing good 
traction on. 
Jayesh will also give a little bit more color on the industry later. And the second point – go ahead, 
Jayesh. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Sorry, what was the second point? 
Salil Parekh 
The second point on the pricing. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, pricing environment has pretty much remained stable, but if you look at again one of the pillars 
of Maximus is value-based selling where we have been able to make an impact which has helped 
us improve our overall pricing, but overall environment has continued to remain stable. 
Coming to the sectors that Salil wanted me to talk about. If you look at financial services as Salil 
mentioned earlier, the U.S. financial services we have started to see some recovery, especially in 
the cards payments, capital markets areas. Manufacturing continues to remain strong as a sector. 
Our manufacturing growth, we expect this year to be lower than the last year because last year we 
had a very strong growth in manufacturing. Retail and EURS remain similar to our commentary 
earlier and hi-tech continues to remain softer. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 7   
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Veena Mani from The Times of India. 
Veena Mani 
Hi, gentlemen. I have a few questions. Some of your peers who had the same sort of numbers with 
some positive growth, could give us an outline only up to the next quarter on what things look like. 
What do you think the next few quarters of this financial year would be? Would you be able to tell us 
a little bit more about how the macro environment is going to be like and the deal environment is 
going to be like?  
Secondly, I wanted to ask you about how your internal fulfilment goes. IJP is a huge thing at Infosys. 
So would that be a focus going on or would you again go back to the market and hire extensively, 
not just freshers, but even laterals? And the other thing is about McCamish. So you called out in your 
annual reports that the cyber security is not as adequate as you would want it to be. So are you 
going to expand that coverage? What is it like you are going to be doing on the cybersecurity front? 
And with the McCamish incident, does it make it even more pertinent for you to add to your 
cybersecurity measures? 
Salil Parekh 
So let me start with the first one, the macro. On the macro, I think the sense we have is the 
discretionary spend which is a function of macro as it impacts our clients is still the same as what we 
were seeing in the past quarter with the exception that we saw a little bit better outcome for financial 
services in the U.S., but otherwise it is the same. So it is a discretionary still low from where it was 
several quarters ago. Now to see beyond, so the way we do this like at this time in the start of Q2 
we will have an outlook of what we can see into the environment over the next few months. We do 
not have a view which is, let us say, what will happen at the end of the financial year and so on. So 
that is how we are seeing it today. 
But as we see, as we have done now, as we see any changes like what we saw in financial services, 
we then, at the end of the quarter, come back and update things on that. On the second point, on 
IJP or the fulfilment, I think the view is we always look at fulfilment from what we have. As Jayesh 
shared, our utilization is looking at a fairly good level. 
We will still have fulfilment internally, but we will also potentially, as we see the demand, have 
recruitment, both on campus and at other levels as well. On McCamish, I think we issued a statement 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 8   
on April 18, 2024. In addition to that, the e-discovery process has been completed, and McCamish 
is in the process of coordinating with its clients to ensure all the notifications are provided. 
In addition, the U.S. State Attorney Generals and Insurance Commissioners have also been notified, 
i.e., what we can share with respect to McCamish. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Veena. The next question is from Moneycontrol, Chandra. 
Chandra R. Srikanth 
Hi, Salil. Hi, Jayesh. Salil, in terms of business segments, with the exception of financial services, 
which is seen in uptake, all the other verticals are more or less, flat sequentially. I think retail has 
declined by some basis points. So give us a sense of what you are seeing there. You have already 
spoken about how financial services is looking up. And in terms of geography also, North America 
has declined sequentially. Europe is flat. Rest of the world is flat. But India has seen an uptick. So 
what is driving the growth for you? Is there a specific project that is helping you? 
Also last month, I think during your AGM, Nandan Nilekani mentioned that you have 225 Gen AI 
POCs -- projects. So if you can give us a sense of your pipeline, are you going to be, giving us a 
sense of what the size is? Because TCS has called out 1.5 bn. I think Accenture has called out 2 bn. 
Will you be quantifying that? 
Jayesh, for you, I think utilisation has helped, excluding trainees, it is gone up by 2 percentage points. 
You have also increased offshoring by, I think, a few basis points, which has helped your margins. 
So will you be utilising these levers? I mean, can you spread these levers more in the next quarter 
to keep up margins?  
Salil finally, do you have a view on the reservation bill that Karnataka mooted and now it is paused? 
But as one of the biggest companies operating in Karnataka, what is your view on reserving jobs for 
locals? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So there are a few questions. Let me start first with Generative AI. Jayesh will talk a little bit about 
the industries and the geographies. On Generative AI, we are making huge impact. And as Nandan 
shared, at the AGM, the sort of work we are doing is massive. We are not, at this stage, disclosing 
and quantifying externally our revenue from it. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 9   
The work we are doing is quite incredible. The focus is really on what enterprises are doing for 
Generative AI. And what are enterprises doing? They are working on their own datasets within the 
confine of the enterprise and making sure that the benefit of that comes through for them. For 
example, there is work that is massively going on in customer service. There is work that is going on 
in software development. There is work that is going on across process optimization in knowledge. 
So there are a variety of areas in which Generative AI work that we are doing for clients is making a 
huge impact. And there are several examples, some of which we also shared in our Annual Report, 
some of which without client names, where we are working on for projects for Generative AI. Let me 
also -- let Jayesh talk about the industry, and then we can go to the other ones. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So I think, Chandra, the numbers that you are looking at are YoY numbers. If you look at the 
sequential numbers, financial services have grown 7.9%, manufacturing has grown 3.6%. Almost all 
segments have grown, and all the geographies have grown this quarter. So that is what Salil was 
referring to in terms of broad-based growth this quarter sequentially. 
Coming to your other question on margins, while utilization has pretty much reached the peak level 
in our mind, there are other levers, value-based selling, more offshoring, near-shoring. All of those 
are still levers that we have that we will look at in terms of expanding margins from where we are. 
Chandra R. Srikanth 
The geography split, Jayesh. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
The fact sheet. You are referring to the fact sheet? 
Chandra R. Srikanth 
Yes. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
The fact sheet is YoY numbers. They are YoY numbers.  
Rishi Basu 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 10   
I think the question was on reservation, the last question. 
Salil Parekh 
The question -- first, we are planning to work with all the regulations that the state and central 
governments will work on. We support whatever regulations and guidelines that will come. We will 
wait and see what they look like as time develops. But our approach in general is to make sure we 
align to the new laws and regulations that come out. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Chandra. The next question is from Beena Parmar and Sameer Bakshi from the 
Economic Times. 
Beena Parmar 
Hi. First, we want to know the guidance that you have revised. How much would be inorganic growth 
from that? And your India growth has also seen a large jump. Could you give us some clarity or color, 
on where does it come from? Is it from one large deal or do you see this going forward? Do you see 
this expanding? 
And in terms of fresher hiring, you mentioned that you would be going to campuses and also looking 
at it laterally. How much would be campus recruitments from the number that you shared? And have 
the onboarding process of previous offers been done already? 
Salil Parekh 
So on the guidance, what we are seeing today, we had a very strong Q1. With that performance, 
which focused on specifically volumes, on financial services in the U.S. that gave us more confidence 
for the year. Then we saw the large deals in Q1 itself. That gave us more visibility for what we are 
seeing for the full year. 
And then we had the acquisition with respect to in-tech. Those combined give us the support to 
increase our revenue growth guidance. As Jayesh said, we do not split out the guidance between 
organic and inorganic. However, the revenue number for in-tech is something that we have shared, 
Jayesh just shared that. And so from that basis, you can add it is a part of it. 
There is a vast majority of it is coming from what we see in the volume, financial services and large 
deals. In terms of recruitment, as Jayesh just shared, we will be going to campus between the way 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 11   
we do campus, which is campus hires ongoing and at campus. And that is in the range of 15,000 to 
20,000 for this financial year. 
Beena Parmar 
Is there a breakup on how much would be from campuses and otherwise? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
We generally do not break up that. It is a combination from the campus and off campus. As we see 
the demand environment growing, we will look at which is the best source of. 
Beena Parmar 
Has the onboarding of previous offers been done completely or is it still pending? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
It is -- a small portion of that would be pending. The rest is pretty much done. 
Beena Parmar 
And Salil, on the India growth, can you give us some color of where is it? 
Salil Parekh 
India growth, so there – first, India is a small part of our business. So each quarter with different 
events, it can go up and down. In general, India business is doing well for us in terms of growth. In 
this specific quarter, as Jayesh shared earlier, there was also one-off with respect to the India 
business. But in general, it is in good shape. It is a small number and sometimes there is more 
movement because of small numbers. 
 
Beena Parmar 
One more if I can add. From your existing deals, what kind of percentage would be Gen AI projects 
if at all, at least a ballpark number? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 12   
Salil Parekh 
So in Generative AI, we are not sharing externally the value in terms of revenue or of the deals. What 
we are very clear about is if you look at industry ratings, if you look at what others are saying about 
Infosys and our Generative AI approach, it is leading in the market. We are also very careful. We are 
not combining Generative AI revenue with AI revenue. AI has been going on for a while. And really 
today, there is much more interest with clients on what Generative AI can derive. And that is our 
focus. That is where we believe we have leadership. And that is where there is a huge distinction 
between what large companies or enterprises are doing and what consumers are doing on 
Generative AI. And our focus is very much with the enterprise Generative AI. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Beena. The next question is from Padmini Dhruvaraj from The Financial Express. 
Padmini Dhruvaraj 
Hi. So you said that you finished acquisition of your ER&D company. So from when do you see it 
contributing to your revenues? And how many POCs of your AI use cases are in production now? 
So this demand you said of BFS space in North America, is it also because the clients want to adopt 
the new technologies? And is bundling AI services in your regular deals or are AI deals becoming 
separate from your transformation deals? 
Salil Parekh 
Okay, so we will go one by one. I think the first one was on what we are seeing with Generative AI – 
sorry, ER&D. So the acquisition is complete. I think that was the question.  
Padmini Dhruvaraj 
From when you see…? 
Salil Parekh 
When? It is complete yesterday, so it will start from this quarter. And in fact, engineering services is 
one of those areas which is growing well for us. We are seeing a lot of traction in the automotive 
space, in the medical devices space, broadly across all elements of engineering services and we 
have had now two acquisitions that we have done on that. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 13   
Then the second was a demand in FS if that also includes, is it because of AI or not? So there what 
we are seeing with the demand in FS which we are seeing improvement in is across all of our 
capabilities. It is not only from AI or Generative AI. It is also for cost and efficiency, consolidation 
plays. It is also sometimes very specialized like in the payments and cards areas where we have 
some specialized capabilities, we see demand for those sort of activities, but it also includes AI in it.  
On the percentage of projects which have gone from POC to production, we do not share that 
externally but what we do – what we did say and would continue to see is we are seeing a lot more 
work which is production projects. We are not seeing just POC work. It is real work in production with 
clients. For example, we are doing some work on credit risk analysis. Now this is a project which is 
in production with a bank where with Generative AI and AI we are able to improve the quality of the 
decision-making or help them improve the quality of decision-making and also the time, make it 
better. So this is a huge real impact that the client is seeing in this area. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Suresh from Reuters. 
Haripriya Suresh 
Hi. Good evening. I think most questions have been asked, but for the last few quarters we have 
been talking about the delay in TCV to revenue conversion. Is that – does that timeline getting better 
or do you still – is there still as much caution and are you seeing any sort of transformation deals or 
are you mainly in the cost efficiency and vendor consolidation these kind of a thing? Also your wage 
hike cycle last year I know was delayed. Are you coming back to the old cycle? Has the cycle been 
delayed? What is that environment like? Also in BFSI I know you called out growth areas as cards 
payments, but are you still seeing any softness that you would want to call out? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the deals and the conversion, so there was I think two or three quarters ago we had spoken about 
some specific deals which it was a slower start than anticipated. Today, we are seeing our large 
deals converting in as per expectation. So we had already reset that expectation and it is as per that 
expectation. There is no further slowing and there is no other change in that. The type of deals we 
are mainly seeing that cost efficiency consolidation deals. There is still not the appetite to spend big 
on a transformation, technology transformation type of program, on the wage hike and the other one. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 14   
So on the wage hike, as you would recall, we have done our last wage hike in November last year. 
At this point in time – and every time we do a wage hike, we take multiple factors into account, right 
from what is inflation, when the last time we did the wage hike, what is the peer practice, etc. And at 
this point in time we are evaluating all of that, but at the same time as I called out in my margin walk, 
we have improved our variable pay this year versus the last quarter and last year. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Jas Bardia from The Mint. 
Jas Bardia 
Good evening, sir. So you started the year with a 3.6% sequential growth in constant currency. And 
you termed it excellent in your prepared remarks. But you outline a full year growth between 3% and 
4% in constant currency terms. So are you expecting business to decline in Q2 or the second half of 
the year? What explains this stepped outlook despite a strong start? And sir, the second question, 
over the last four quarters, the company has kind of underperformed. What explains the slowdown? 
Is it macroeconomic slowdown? Because Fortune 500 companies are doing well. The U.S. economy 
is resilient. So is this a macroeconomic slowdown, if at all? Or is this because of company-specific 
issues? 
Salil Parekh 
So the first one, in fact, my sense is we have done exceptionally well because of Infosys-specific 
reasons. 3.6% sequential growth is extremely strong in any environment, but especially in this 
environment. The reasons we have, a very well-defined approach on large deals which has been 
working well. We have a very clear approach on Generative AI, which is giving us good traction. We 
have, when the market looks at it, a very clear approach on digital transformation, which helps clients. 
And in this environment, a strong focus on cloud, which is also doing very well with the work we do 
in Cobalt. 
The foundation of Generative AI is all of the data and how that is coming together. And there we 
have huge strength. So that is giving us a tremendous benefit. Then we have had the success on 
large deals in Q1. Then we have had a strong outcome on the operating margin because of the 
program we put in place some quarters ago on improving every aspect of how the operations work. 
And then we have free cash flow, which is at the highest level. So all of that combined give us a very 
strong start into this financial year.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 15   
For the guidance, the 3.6% becomes 2.5% on a YoY basis. So the guidance is more on a YoY basis 
where we have said is between 3% and 4%. And so we see that being supportive of the guidance 
we are driving for three reasons. A good Q1, which is because of volumes and a good FS outcome 
in U.S., very strong large deals. And the in-tech acquisition, which got closed in time. And so those 
are the reasons why the guidance has become 3% to 4%.  
Now if you look at what is going on with the macro, the macro environment, at least in the western 
markets with high interest rates, has curtailed most companies from spending on big programs on 
digital transformation. And we had, as we transformed the company, moved to 65% of our work into 
digital. And that is where we see the change. My sense is as and when the macro changes and 
companies are spending on large technology programs, we are in the best position to start to get 
that benefit. And this quarter we start to see a little bit of that, not in the digital programs but in 
financial services in the U.S., which is what we have not seen in the past. So all of that really gives 
us the confidence for what we are seeing in this year. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Sanjana from the Hindu Business Line. 
Sanjana B 
Hello, gentlemen. So Infosys currently has 2.5 lakh employees that are trained in Gen AI. So what 
exactly does this mean? And what kind of investments or initiatives are going into this? And if you 
could tell us if this reduces or increases hiring requirements because there has been a reduction in 
headcount from last quarter. It is been around 1,900 employees? 
Also, can you talk about how many roles are being added or will be added because of development 
on the AI front? And if you are looking to – and if you could give a breakup of how many people that 
you have currently hired for AI related roles? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So on the training for AI, we have a program that enables our employees to get trained on different 
elements of AI and Generative AI. So there is training, which is more focused on awareness. There 
is training, which is more focused on developing and there is training, which is more focused on deep 
immersion. And all of that combined gives the total that we share externally for AI training. 
Our view is all of our service lines are getting changed by deploying AI and Generative AI within each 
service line. So in any of our offerings, we are deploying it to make sure that we get the full benefit 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 16   
of it, and which is what we are driving to become an AI-first company. So we had a view when we 
became digital-first, cloud-first and now AI-first, so that positions us very differently with our clients. 
In terms of recruitment, we do not specify how many people are getting recruited for A or B different 
specific category. But overall numbers is what Jayesh has shared in terms of people joining from 
college is between 15,000 and 20,000 for this financial year. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Sonal Choudhary from the Deccan Herald. 
Sonal Choudhary 
Hello, gentlemen. Congratulations on the stellar performance. You have already highlighted what 
has powered growth in this quarter, but if there is anything to add to that? Secondly, whether this 
growth momentum will sustain? If yes, what is providing that confidence? What is boosting that 
confidence? 
Salil Parekh 
So thank you for that. We are extremely pleased with the performance, and we think is something 
very specific to what we have done within the company and for our clients. The main elements of 
what is driving the growth is really focused on how we have set up, what we are driving within the 
Generative AI ecosystem, what we are driving with large deals, the intensity with which we are 
working with our clients across all the industries and then the benefits that we are seeing, for 
example, in Q1, from volumes, from financial services in the U.S., the overall large deal and the in-
tech acquisitions. As we look ahead, our view is what we see today is what we have translated into 
the growth guidance as we see the year today. 
We will see as the year progresses; we believe we have a leading ability with 3.6% QoQ growth in 
the market. We will see as the year progresses what other things we see in the environment with 
different industries like we have seen for financial services in the U.S., what other industries at what 
time if they change and so on and that will give us more and more confidence into the year. The way 
I would say that is the guidance is what we see today. So whatever we have seen in Q1, we have 
converted that to our guidance and that is what we see today in terms of the outlook. 
Rishi Basu 

 
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 17   
Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this press conference. We thank our friends from media 
for being part of today's questions and answers. Thank you Salil, and thank you, Jayesh. Before we 
conclude, please note the archive webcast of this press conference will be available on the Infosys 
website and on our YouTube channel later today. Thank you, and please join us for some high tea 
outside. 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Earnings Conference Call 
July 18, 2024  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller and Head of Investor Relations 
 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Ankur Rudra 
JPMorgan 
 
Keith Bachman 
Bank of Montreal 
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Equities 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Bryan Bergin 
TD Cowen 
 
James Friedman 
Susquehanna International 
 
Sumeet Jain 
CLSA India 
 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 2   
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak Securities 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Securities 
 
Girish Pai  
BOB Capital Markets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 3   
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks, Neerav. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call for Q1 FY'25. Joining us on 
this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka; and other members of the 
leadership team. We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company, 
subsequent to which the call will be opened up for questions. 
Please note that anything we say which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-looking 
statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A full statement 
and explanation of all these risks are available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. We started the financial 
year with a strong performance in Q1 across multiple dimensions, including broad-based revenue 
growth, expansion of operating margins, strong large deal wins and strong cash generation. 
Our revenues for the quarter grew 3.6% sequentially and 2.5% YoY in constant currency terms. I am 
particularly pleased with 7.9% growth in Financial Services segment where we are seeing 
improvement in client spend in North America. All geographies and most industry groups grew 
sequentially. Volume growth turned positive after several quarters. We also had an improvement in 
realization.  
We had another quarter of strong large deal wins with 34 large deals at a total contract value of $4.1 
bn. Our clients see us as a preferred partner of choice for consolidation, cost takeout and efficiency 
programs. This is also a reflection of our leadership strength. 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 4   
With the mobilization of our margin program, we see positive impact on our operating metrics and 
pricing. This resulted in our margin expanding by 1percentage point sequentially. Jayesh will 
elaborate on margin puts and takes later on the call. 
Free cash flow was highest ever at $1.1 bn. Our employee attrition rate was at 12.7%. We continue 
to see strong traction from our clients for Generative AI programs delivered through Topaz. 
Enterprises are focused on their own data sets that can be used in Generative AI large language 
models. 
As an example, we are partnering with a telecommunications leader to transform the product 
engineering practices with AI and to elevate both the customer and employee experience. Another 
example is how we are optimizing and modernizing IT infrastructure services and transforming the 
IT operating model with AI for a leading bank. 
We are helping several of our clients prepare for the AI transformation journey by building strong 
data foundations with robust cloud capabilities using our Cobalt cloud services. Industry analysts 
acknowledge our leadership in the domain of enterprise Generative AI. We continue to invest in 
strengthening our AI capabilities and building AI-first solutions for clients. 
During the quarter, we launched Aster, a marketing suite of AI amplified solutions for our clients to 
create brand experiences with enhanced marketing efficiency and accelerated performance 
effectiveness. Our investment in nurturing our global workforce with AI-first skills and expertise 
continues as over 270,000 of our employees are now well trained in building a wide range of AI-
powered solutions for our clients. 
We are today uniquely positioned as a digital-first, cloud-first and AI-first brand in the market. And 
our continued differentiation has helped us being recognized around the 100 most valuable brands 
in the world by Kantar BrandZ. We have also been ranked among the most trusted brands across 
U.S. and India. 
Along with our overall robust performance in Q1 and strong opportunity pipeline, we are seeing early 
signs of improvement in Financial Services vertical in the U.S. While discretionary spends continue 
to be under pressure, our highly differentiated offerings around driving efficiencies at scale and 
transformation capabilities around Generative AI have positioned us well in the market. 
With respect to our recent acquisition of in-tech, we have received the required approvals and have 
closed the acquisition.  

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 5   
Given our strong performance in Q1 and our current outlook, we have revised our revenue growth 
guidance for the full financial year to 3% to 4% growth in constant currency. Our operating margin 
guidance for the financial year remains at 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me hand it over to Jayesh to share his update. Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. 
We entered FY'25 focusing on key strategic priorities, including market share gains to accelerate 
revenue growth and drive margin improvement through Project Maximus. 
I am delighted to highlight results that we have achieved across different business dimensions this 
quarter, including  
- 
strong and broad-based revenue growth across all geos and most verticals YoY in constant 
currency terms,  
- 
sequentially positive volume growth after several quarters coupled with improvement in 
realisation 
- 
Financial Services returned to positive sequential growth after six quarters with 7.9% growth in 
constant currency terms 
- 
34 large deals signed during the quarter, which is a record number of deals in any quarter, large 
deal TCV at $4.1 bn, including 58% net new.. 
- 
 Deal pipeline continues to remain strong  
- 
1% operating margin expansion sequentially  
- 
improvement in operating parameters including 1.8% increase in utilization and lowest on-site 
mix in 10 quarters  
- 
highest ever free cash flow generation in the quarter with free cash flows normalized for tax 
refunds at 104% of net profit  
- 
fifth consecutive quarter of reduction in unbilled  
- 
attrition has remained stable and  
- 
increase in return on equity by 1.5% QoQ to 33.6% primarily resulting from higher payouts to 
investors 
With that, let me now elaborate with details.  
Revenue for Q1 was $4.7 bn, up 3.6% sequentially and 2.5% year-on-year in constant currency 
terms. This included benefit from improved realization from one-timers of 0.5%.  

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 6   
Operating margin improved by 1% sequentially to 21.1% led by 1.4% improvement in gross margins 
on account of strong operating performance across different dimensions. The major components of 
sequential margin walk are as follows:  
Tailwinds of 2.2% comprising of normalization of Q4 one-timers of 1%, 0.8% benefit from Project 
Maximus largely from higher utilization and value-based selling, 0.4% from the improvement in 
realization mentioned above, partly offset by headwinds of 1.2% from higher variable pay, higher 
leave costs, offset by currency and others. 
We continue to drive Project Maximus across the organization with strong intensity. Headcount at 
the end of the quarter stood at over 315,000 with utilization further increasing to 85.3%. LTM attrition 
was stable at 12.7%. 
Unbilled revenues dropped for the fifth consecutive quarter to $1.7 bn. Free cash flows for the quarter 
was highest ever at $1,094 mn, a sequential increase of 29%. DSO for the quarter was 72 days 
compared to 71 days in Q4. 
Consolidated cash and cash equivalents stood at $4.3 bn after factoring in payout of $1.4 bn towards 
dividend declared in Q4. Consequently, return on equity increased sequentially to 33.6%. Yield on 
cash balances were at 7% in Q1. 
ETR for the quarter was 29.4%, which is in line with our expectation for the year. EPS grew by 7% 
in INR and by 5.4% in dollar terms on a YoY basis.  
We closed 34 large deals with TCV of $4.1 bn, 58% of this was net new. Vertical-wise, we signed 8 
deals each in Retail and Communication, 6 in EURS, 5 in Financial Services, 4 in Manufacturing, 2 
in Hi-Tech and 1 in Life Sciences. Region-wise, we signed 21 large deals in America, 12 in Europe 
and 1 in ROW. 
Coming to verticals,  
BFSI returned to positive growth after six quarters led by ramp-ups of large deals and absence of 
one-off of last quarter. In the U.S., we see some recovery in areas like mortgage, capital markets 
and cards and payments. Overall, clients still remain cautious on spending and are focusing to deliver 
maximum business value through deals combining transformation, technology and operations. 
Pipeline remains strong, and we are working with the clients to accelerate their adoption of Gen AI 
for modernizing legacy platforms, fraud detection, credit process simplification, etc. 
In Manufacturing, growth was broad-based across geographies and sub verticals like industrial, 
automotive and aerospace. While pressure on discretionary spends persist, we see increased 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 7   
benefits of vendor consolidation, opportunities around resolving supply chain bottlenecks and 
rationalizing infrastructure and applications. We see strong interest on Gen AI with deep client 
engagements. Our capability and pipeline in the engineering space will be solidified by the acquisition 
of in-tech, which will help us accelerate the segment growth in FY'25. 
Growth in Communication was led by ramp-up of recent large deal wins. Overall environment, 
however, remains cautious with continued opex pressure and delayed decision-making. Telcos, 
despite challenges, are navigating their way by focusing on rapid digitization and reprioritization of 
spends. 
Uncertainties in Retail sector continued with clients focusing on cost take outs to fund their business 
transformation journey. There are opportunities around areas like customer and employee 
experience, predictive analytics, digital marketing and landscape modernization. While the pipeline 
remains healthy, decision cycles continue to stay elongated. 
Environment in EURS continues to be impacted by high interest rates and geopolitical conflicts, 
which are influencing the spend patterns. While pressure on discretionary spends persist, our 
differentiation in areas like energy transition, integration business and human experience is helping 
us build a strong pipeline. 
Hi-tech vertical continues to remain soft.  
Driven by a strong all-round performance in Q1, improvement in U.S. Financial Services, strong large 
deal closures and in-tech acquisition, we are increasing the revenue guidance to 3% to 4% in 
constant currency terms. We are maintaining our operating margin guidance at 20% to 22%. 
And with that, we can open the call for the questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Hi, thank you, and good to see very good numbers after a while. Just wanted to get a sense of, Salil, 
what is the breakup of the very strong momentum this quarter, if you could, between the large deals 
that you have won over the last year? Any kind of improvement in execution of short-cycle business 
or discretionary business and potentially better execution? And also when you answer that, if you 
can talk about how client conversations are changing, if there is anything turning a bit more positive, 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 8   
and any change in the momentum on the short-cycle deals, but large deals you can see is going on 
very strongly? Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Ankur. The view on discretionary or short cycle, what we are seeing is in Financial Services 
in the U.S., we have seen that shift that we have highlighted, and we saw that during the quarter. 
Outside of that, the discretionary still remains similar to where we were, when we started the year, 
which is still in a difficult situation. So that is the one that we have seen the change in. 
The client conversations, in general, there is a lot of talk and discussion with Generative AI, but the 
programs, even though they are not POCs, the actual projects are not large revenue projects. And 
transformation is not so much what we are seeing. So even in a large deal, the vast majority is still 
cost takeout, efficiency, consolidation, automation, that type of work. 
And in some instances, where there is the transformation – these are funded massively through cost 
takeout. So, it is not really large spends there. So that is how we are seeing the discretionary work 
at this time. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. And from here on, you have seen this change in Financial Services. In your client 
conversations, do you sense there is anything in particular, clients, especially in maybe the hi-tech 
space or energy and utility where you have highlighted, problems still persist or even manufacturing, 
which might change the client behaviour, maybe not this year, but into next year. What are the main 
things clients may be waiting for? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, first on energy, utilities, we have had a good outcome last year. We have seen similar 
discussions now, not a huge change. Manufacturing again, good outcome last year, will be decent 
growth this year but just slower than last year. It is not like a big, big change there. 
On hi-tech, it is still difficult as you point out. I do not know what the trigger could be. Of course, on 
a macro level, there is, not with clients, but generally speaking, a view that if U.S. inflation and interest 
rate and all of those discussions change, that will change something. But we do not know what will 
that trigger be. 
Ankur Rudra 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 9   
Okay. I appreciate it. Maybe just one question for Jayesh. Jayesh, great performance on the margins. 
Could you maybe talk about how do you think about the puts and takes from here on? Utilization, 
especially including trainees, seems to be high. I guess that indicates fewer trainees in the system. 
What sort of headwind will we see from there? 
Secondly, I am guessing there will be wage hikes some point in the next couple of quarters. So how 
are you thinking about what will help you maintain, if not improve, margins from here on and extend 
Project Maximus? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So Ankur, thank you for that first. And if you look at the Project Maximus and we have talked 
about the five pillars of Project Maximus, many of them are starting to show results. VBS, which is 
value-based selling, is one of them, efficient pyramid, utilization and other factors are other part of it. 
Lean and automation is the third piece in that. 
So, there are many of these tracks which are showing results, and we still believe there is more meat 
there. Of course, if you look at the headwinds, you will have a comp review at some point in time 
during the year that could be a headwind. 
We have – at this point in time have not decided the timing, etc., of that. So that would be a headwind. 
Some of the large deals that we have signed, the transition and ramp-up of that would be a headwind. 
So, we will have to balance that as we go through the year. At this point in time, we are very confident 
of our margin guidance. 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keith from BMO. Please go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Hi. Thank you very much. First, I wanted to get some additional feedback on Financial Services. You 
indicated that you thought that business outcomes or business energy had improved. I just wanted 
to hear a little bit more about that. It is certainly something we have not heard from some of our 
software-related companies. But what do you think is the driver of the improvement in Financial 
Services in particular? 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 10   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Keith, there, if you look at our commentary on that, we are seeing some recovery in U.S. Financial 
Services, specifically in the areas like mortgages, capital markets and cards payments and the larger 
clients there. So, we are seeing some volumes coming in and some recovery – some early signs of 
recovery in those areas. 
Keith Bachman 
Do you think that is Infosys or do you think that – in other words, are you winning share in those 
accounts, or do you think that is a more broader base in, say, North American banks that there is a 
general trend towards recovery in spend? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, it is a combination of various factors. There are instances where we are consolidating. There are 
instances where we have won new and larger businesses. As I talked about, some of the large deals 
wins also in the Financial Service sector. So, I think there are multiple combination of those factors 
in that. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. And then just on the margin guide, in terms of puts and takes, you highlighted some on the 
previous question. But you closed the deal with adding almost $200 mn in revenue on a run rate 
basis. How is that impacting margins and/or any other issues you want to call out, including any 
comments on FX impact as you see it today in terms of margins? And that is it for me. Thank you 
very much. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Keith, the acquisition that we have done, compared to the size of the company, is relatively 
smaller to have a material margin impact. And as you have seen from our filings also, the in-tech is 
coming with healthy margins and there are opportunities, etc., in synergies. 
Coming to the forex, the forex has remained range bound for the last couple of quarters. So at this 
point in time, we do not really see an impact. But as you will appreciate, forex is range bound. I 
mean, forex is unpredictable, and it can have the margin benefit or impact depending on which way 
it goes. But at this point in time, it is remaining range bound. 
Keith Bachman 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 11   
Okay. All right. Perfect. Many thanks. Congratulations on solid results. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Operator 
Next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. My first question was for Jayesh, just a 
clarification. So during the press briefing, you talked about 40 bps of one-off impact in the margins. 
So, can you just help us understand the revenue and the margin impact coming out of that? And I 
understand it is a recovery which you have made from one of the customers based in India, if that is 
correct? Thanks. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So that is right. This is for a customer base in India. It is one-off in the revenue, and therefore, 
most of that has flown into margin directly. So, 0.5% on revenue pretty much impacting 40 bps on 
margin. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Got it. Thanks for that. My second question was, Salil, for hyperscalers, we are seeing the growth is 
accelerating and also the AI demand especially for some of the chip makers such as NVIDIA has 
been quite strong. So, it does not seem like the discretionary demand is entirely missing in the 
market. So, is there a transformation in the underlying business mix which is happening where 
possibly discretionary demand for now at least is moving towards platform and hardware makers 
and not coming to services companies? 
Salil Parekh 
So, there the view we have is what we saw, and we have highlighted so far. The shift in Financial 
Services in the U.S. shows that some of that type of demand is coming now. We will wait and see 
across all the industries, whether it is what you are describing, or whether tech services project 
discretionary work also comes back or whether there will be transformation programs in tech which 
will also come. 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 12   
We are definitely seeing more and more discussions in enterprises on Generative AI programs. 
Jayesh also shared a couple of examples. I shared a couple of examples. And these are not POCs, 
these are actual projects where we are participating. So we do see that. My own sense is this U.S. 
FS is one data point. We will wait and see what some of the other data points look like. 
Kumar Rakesh 
So, Salil, what I was trying to understand was that is there a decoupling of discretionary demand 
which is happening or is this a sequence in which we will see first the hardware and platform makers 
getting the discretionary demand and eventually coming to services? So, is that a decoupling or a 
sequence of event which eventually comes to services as well? What do you think would be the 
chain of events? 
Salil Parekh 
That is difficult to say. So again, it is just this year, one quarter, what we saw was that in Financial 
Services U.S. some of that discretionary work is there. Whether it was decoupled or following on 
from something, difficult to say but we did see some evidence of that. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Thanks a lot for that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yes, hi. Good evening. Congrats on the quarter. I just wanted your thoughts on, one, the Financial 
Services space. You did mention that you saw growth from mortgages, cards, payments and 
obviously capital markets. When you think of the sustainability of this recovery, how should we think 
about it, because mortgages, for it to continue to give you a delta would require rates to come down 
meaningfully? And from a cards perspective, it looks like delinquencies in the U.S. are rising. So it is 
like a mixed data point that we see on the outside, but just wanted your thoughts on how are you 
thinking about the sustainability of the recovery on the Financial Services space? And then I had one 
more quick question? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 13   
So, Nitin, what we are seeing right now is early signs, as I said, of recovery. Of course, it is early 
signs, so we do not know how sustainable at this point in time it is going to remain, but the fact that 
we saw volume growth after many quarters, we saw strong growth in our Financial Services after 
again six-odd quarters. So I think those are the positives that we are taking. We are seeing large 
deals, both the ones that we have signed and the ones there in the pipeline. So all of that put together 
gives us a little bit of confidence on that. But yes, we have to see more data points to see how the 
year progress. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
So one of your smaller peers characterized it as Financial Services who have sort of stalled multiple 
projects in the past and having not spent for almost six quarters having to make those spend because 
that is causing problems and thereby that is seeing a pickup with short-cycle projects on those deals. 
Would you characterize it similarly? Are you seeing something similar? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
I would not say that, Nitin, to be very honest. We are seeing this not specific to one-off clients. It 
could be limited to one-off clients for that player, I cannot comment on that, but we are not seeing it 
concentrated on one client, etc. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
All right. And lastly on the guidance, I think if we include the acquisition and normalize the earlier 
guidance for the acquisition, I think the earlier guidance would have been in the 2% to 4% range. 
Now it looks like they have narrowed it to 3% to 4%, including the acquisition on both cases despite 
the strong beat in the current quarter. So, is it just that you are being very watchful and careful about 
it or is there something more to it that you specifically worry about? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Nitin, there we do not really break up the guidance into what is organic and what is for a specific 
acquisition that we have done. Having said that, if you look at our filings, the in-tech revenue for last 
year was €170 mn and we have just closed it. So we will only get part of that revenue. So you can 
do a back of the envelope calculation and the rest of it is going to be all the factors that Salil talked 
about, the Q1 performance including large deal wins, the volume and U.S. Financial Services while 
the discretionary still continues to remain challenging. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 14   
Perfect. That is all from my end. Thank you and all the best.  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a very solid start to the financial 
year. Salil, two questions from my side. One is we have seen that almost all verticals have done 
really well for us this quarter but for the Retail sector. I think Retail sector is something which is like 
in the almost entire industry, of your peers also, have kind of spoken about it. What is the outlook on 
this sector? I mean what do you think the clients are waiting for to restart their spends and where 
could those spends be coming in terms of the domains that we are looking at? And then I have a 
follow-up question? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Vibhor, There I think it is a sectoral challenge at this point in time. The whole sector is going 
through challenges, and it is not specific to us. And as Salil was mentioning earlier, one of the factors 
could be U.S. interest rates recovering, etc., but it is hard to predict what will lead to recovery in the 
sector at this point in time. 
Vibhor Singhal 
I mean just to dwell a little bit further on that, what exactly is – I mean so we know that because the 
macro-overhang is on most of the BFSI companies and all. At this point of time any specific thing 
that you think would be a trigger apart from let us say – I mean of course the interest rate that you 
mentioned that could possibly see these companies reverting their spend or difficult to call out that 
again? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Retail typically has higher exposure to discretionary as well, right, and that is going to be linked 
to the macro environment largely, Vibhor. So, I think that would be one of the key reasons. Otherwise 
outside of that we are winning deals. If you look at this quarter also, we have won eight large deals 
in Retail as well, but the discretionary spending has to come back. 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 15   
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. My second question is I think at the end of the last quarter, we had mentioned that we are 
expecting the first half to be better than the second half. Any change in that outlook given the deal 
win in this quarter has been quite strong? So if those were to slightly ramp up in the second half, 
would it be correct to say that maybe we can expect second half to be slightly better than what we 
were expecting it three months ago? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Vibhor, two parts there. We still continue to believe our first half is going to be better than the 
second half. And Q1 is just a testimony of that. From that perspective, we have delivered from there. 
Of course, the fact that we have increased guidance is also a proof that we are seeing the three 
quarters better than what we envisaged earlier. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Vibhor. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Salil, the first question is for you. On revenue, it looks like it has surprised you positively which is why 
you have raised the guidance. So, is it led by the ramp-up on the deals happening faster than you 
expected? Is it led by leakage in the discretionary improving compared to the last few quarters that 
you have seen? 
Salil Parekh 
So, the way this quarter has gone, what we have seen is the volumes have been strong. We have 
then seen that change in the Financial Services in the U.S. which has given us more positive outcome 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 16   
for the quarter. Then some of the work that we are doing in terms of working with our clients on value 
and pricing has also translated overall into the mix for our revenue. And then the way we saw the 
outlook, as we did some of the large deals in this quarter which was a good outcome, and that gives 
us a little bit more visibility into the year. So all of those things led us to look at this as being a stronger 
outcome. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Got it. Any reason to believe that this momentum could decelerate in the near term, any data point 
to suggest that or as of now you would expect the momentum to continue from a near-term 
perspective? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we have done is we have taken what we have seen in this quarter across the different 
industries and service offerings and then put in, as Jayesh shared, what is more typical which is our 
second half is usually lower than our first half. And with that we have created the outlook for the year, 
but we did not take into account any other trigger beyond what I just shared. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Thank you. Last question for Jayesh. What would be the incremental levers for margins from here 
on, utilization is near peak, subcon has already stabilized. Just trying to understand what could be 
the additional levers over the coming quarters? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Gaurav, if you look across all the pillars of Maximus, there are multiple of them firing. Value-based 
selling we have seen -- as we talked earlier, we have seen improvement in realization. So that is one 
lever we do have, we continue to have. We did talk about hiring some freshers as we go through the 
year so that would help in getting some better role ratios or better role mixes, etc., nearshoring, lean 
automation. So there are multiple levers we still have to improve or offset the headwinds. The 
headwinds that we see as today, as I said earlier, again, is comp -- which decision we will take as 
we progress through the year and the ramp up of the deals won towards the end of last year as well 
as this quarter. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 17   
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you. First question I had is on Generative AI. Can you provide some detail 
on how Gen AI may be impacting your delivery productivity and whether it may be changing any 
nature of the contracting conversations with clients yet? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. On delivery and Generative AI, so what we have done, we have taken all 
of our service lines and start to put in place the impact of Generative AI and broadly AI into this. And 
that change is ongoing. A lot of it has happened. Where we are seeing some of the benefits on 
delivery relate to areas, for example, software development or process optimization. There is also a 
large benefit on productivity for more customer service type of areas that we have already 
demonstrated through. We do not have a lot of footprint on that within our current mix, but we know 
for new work, that is something that is being discussed with clients.  
In each of these for the contracting, the way our clients are looking at it within their own enterprise 
on their own data set, when there is a client where we see and where they have, let us say, for 
software development, a single uniform approach across the whole company, which is not that 
frequent because of acquisitions and different decisions in different divisions and department, then 
the range of benefits is potentially higher. 
And the contracting discussions are around what of those benefits will accrue with the client. So a 
lot of these discussions are in that spirit. There is some benefits that accrue to us and some to the 
client. But there are very few clients within their own data sets, which have large consistent tech 
landscape, which can give the full benefit of Generative AI right away. 
Many clients also need that data infrastructure to be put in place where sometimes that is not in place 
today between structured and unstructured data. So, the work actually starts with building a data 
program when they are able to spend that on a data program and then to have the cloud capability 
in place so that part of the data, part of the apps is on the cloud for the client. 
So the discussion is typically on here the roadmap for Generative AI in an enterprise, given the 
landscape of tech. And here are the first steps, data and cloud. And then here is something that can 
actually deliver impact today, which could be more, let us say, a smaller area of the company. But 
these are all discussions which are done which eventually relate to how contracting is done. 
Bryan Bergin 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 18   
Okay. That is helpful. Thank for the color. My follow-up's a clarification just on the 1Q onetime item. 
I think you cited 40 bps quarter-over-quarter op margin benefit and a similar revenue impact. Was 
that expected in your prior guidance? Or was that a surprise or a new item that was not expected 
before on the plan? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
That was not expected on prior guidance. That was a new item. 
Bryan Bergin 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna International. 
Please go ahead. 
James Friedman 
Hi good evening. Let me echo the congratulations. Salil, in terms of banking, is the improvement 
contemplated to continue? 
Salil Parekh 
In terms of what, sorry? 
Moderator 
James sorry, a little louder, please? 
James Friedman 
I am sorry. In terms of the banking vertical, the BFSI vertical, is the growth contemplated to continue? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we see today is this change in the U.S. Financial Services. The way we have constructed 
our outlook is we are assuming that that will be the way it will progress. So we have not assumed 
that it will change. We have not also assumed that it will become much larger. 
We have also not assumed that this will move to some other geography in Financial Services. So we 
do not know, but that is what the assumption is into our guidance. All the client discussions seem to 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 19   
indicate that U.S. Financial Services, we will have this sort of a traction, but that is the way we built 
our outlook. 
James Friedman 
Got it. Thank you. And then in terms of Europe, it has been an important source of growth for the 
company this cycle. Could you unpack some of the trends that you are seeing in Europe? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
On Europe, so what we are seeing is different things in different places. So for example, in the Nordic 
countries, we have had good traction over the last few quarters and even a little bit before in how we 
have engaged with clients. And we have seen some good expansion of our large deal programs. 
We have seen some of that in Continental Europe broadly. If you look at some of the large deals 
across Telco, we have seen that a different type of a positive traction in Germany where we are 
seeing some of our local Europe competitors are having more constraints and where we are 
benefiting from those constraints as we are expanding. So it is different in different geographies and 
our focus or even industry, our focus has been to be a little bit more fine tuned into that market and 
then try to get the benefit of it. 
James Friedman 
Got it. Thank you Salil. I will just get back into the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA India. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumeet Jain 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So firstly, I wanted to check in your previous guidance of 1% to 3% 
you gave in April, was in-tech acquisition part of the guidance? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Sumeet, this is Jayesh here. We had clearly called out at that point in time that in-tech acquisition 
is not part of it because it was pending approval from various regulatory authorities. 
Sumeet Jain 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 20   
Right. So maybe in-tech acquisition now being closed and the 50-basis point impact on revenue in 
India business, can one assume these are the two primary factors for your revision in the guidance? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Not necessarily. Again, as I said we do not break out our guidance between the in-tech and non-in-
tech from that perspective. But if you look at the numbers that we printed, when we announced the 
acquisition of in-tech, revenue was around €170 mn. 
And it is only going to be part of the year considering we just concluded or closed the transaction. 
And there are other factors, our Q1 performance, volume, Financial Services growth, offset by the 
continuing softness in the discretionary part of the business. 
Sumeet Jain 
Got it. That is helpful. And secondly, I wanted to check your cost line item, the third-party items you 
bought for service delivery is significantly down this quarter, almost 1 percentage point of your 
revenue and are also down on an absolute level. So can you just give us a sense as to from the book 
keeping perspective, how to look at this line expense item going forward? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So there Sumeet, as we have said earlier as well, the third-party hardware/software cost is an integral 
part of many of the large deals where we take over turnkey projects from the clients, including 
technology landscape out there. And that is, therefore, dependent on the kind of deals and how the 
ramp up or ramp down of deals happen across the quarter. So, it is going to be, to that extent, 
dependent on which deals and how it ramps up and down. 
Sumeet Jain 
Got it. And lastly just on the India business, can you give us a sense what kind of project it was 
because it is a pretty sharp jump we have seen this quarter. So any large deal ramp-up we are 
seeing there or some government contract, what exactly the nature of this onetime impact? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Sumeet there first of all, the India business is relatively much smaller. So anything that happens 
in that business shows up in percentage, comes much larger. But having said that, it was a onetime 
impact on one of our India clients and it is one-off. So, I think we should just take it as one-off. 
Sumeet Jain 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 21   
Got it. Thanks for the opportunity and all the best.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Hi, thank you everyone. Great to see well-rounded performance congratulations. Just a couple of 
questions. First is for Jayesh. That 40 bps recovery that you see, does it show up in either ECL or 
provision for post-sales client support? It is just basically a direct flow-through from revenue? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
It is 50 bps on revenue, Kawal, which is impacting 40 bps on margins. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
And basically, does it time with provision for post-sales client support? That something which is 
separate? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
No, it is separate. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Yes. Second thing is wage revision. I guess the cycle of wage revision was changed last year. Do 
we get back into wage revision cycle, which is a lot more normalized, which is, let us say, starting 
second quarter or is that something on which you have not taken a call yet? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So if you recall, Kawal, last year, we did our wage revisions effective November. So at this point in 
time, we have not really decided. We are evaluating, considering all the factors that we always 
consider including the inflation, including when was the last wage revision taken, the environment, 
the macro environment as well as the peer practice. 
And we will take a call considering all of these factors. Having said that, as I called out in our margin 
walk also, we have increased our variable pay during the quarter versus last year as well as last 
quarter. 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 22   
Kawaljeet Saluja 
That is very helpful. A final question is, Jayesh, for you and Salil. Both of you have articulated the 
fact that you want the profitability to improve in the medium term. And then there are a number of 
structural levers that will be utilized to drive that expansion. What kind of an environment and what 
kind of levers does one need to see to gain that directional comfort of profitability improvement from 
here on as such? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Kawal, if you look at our margin walks across the last three, four quarters since we launched the 
Project Maximus, you would see consistently the contribution from the Project Maximus across 
various pillars from L&A, Lean and Automation, from value-based selling, on the pyramid, etc. things 
like that. 
So you have seen that, and our endeavor is to continuously focus on all of that. At this point in time, 
they are offsetting the headwinds to a large extent. The endeavor is to more than offset the 
headwinds in the mid-term. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Okay. Thanks. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jonathan Lee 
Great evening, and thanks for taking our questions. A lot of moving parts here... 
Moderator 
Jonathan, sorry to interrupt you. May I request you to speak a little louder, please? 
Jonathan Lee 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 23   
Great. A lot of moving parts here on the margin side. Can you remind us how we should be thinking 
about seasonality through the year, especially as you think about the impact from Project Maximus 
and large deal ramps? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Jonathan, on margin one of the headwinds would be comp decision as and when we take. There 
are seasonality in our business model, which is furloughs that impact us in Q3 and Q4. That also 
impacts both pricing to some extent and margin, therefore. But those are the large seasonality that 
we have in our model. Outside of that, our margins are going to be dependent on our acceleration 
on Project Maximus as well as the revenue and volume growth, which helps us flattening our pyramid 
and therefore, benefit from the pyramid. 
Jonathan Lee 
I appreciate that color. And second, can you help us think through what is contemplated in your 
outlook, both at the low and at the high end as it relates to vertical performance based on expected 
large deal ramps or what is in your pipeline? 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Jonathan, sorry, your question did not come in quite as clearly. Would you repeat that, please? 
 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Can you help us think through what is contemplated in your outlook as it relates to vertical 
performance based on expected large deal ramps and what is in your pipeline, both at the low end 
and at the high end of the range? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So there, Jonathan, it is very difficult to call out which vertical performance will end up to low end 
and high end of our range. I think we have done various models internally to get to the margin band. 
Some of them get us to the lower end of the band, and some of the assumptions will get us to the 
higher end of the band. I do not think there is any secular segment that is going to drive either way. 
Jonathan Lee 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 24   
Appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai 
Thanks for the opportunity. The 3% to 4% guidance, if I do my math, comes to about 1% to 1.5% 
CQGR from here on. It seems way too conservative because that also includes the in-tech 
acquisition. So, are you assuming that the 2H FY'25 is going to be pretty bad? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Girish, there, let me give a little more color on the math. If you look at the first quarter, our YoY 
growth has been 2.5%. And 50 bps, as I said, of that is one-off. So that is the first point. We have 
always maintained that our H1 is going to be better than the H2 and that the guidance bakes in on 
that. And then there is in-tech. So all of that put together makes up for a guidance of 3% to 4%. 
Girish Pai 
The next question is on U.S. Financial Services. Do you think this is more Infosys-specific situation? 
Do you think this is much more broad-based that the other vendors who have U.S. Financial Services 
exposure would also be doing well? This is something very specific to you? 
 
Salil Parekh 
So, this is Salil. So difficult for us to say like for the other companies. We can see that some of that 
benefit on Financial Services, in cards, in payments. We see some of the benefits which came 
through with some of our clients. I am not able to tell if it is just Infosys or not. We do feel we have a 
very strong set of capabilities from digital, cloud, Generative AI, cost and efficiency. So, we do see 
much more connect with clients, but it is difficult to say for the others. 
Girish Pai 
If I may squeeze in one last question. Salil, you mentioned that interest rates are one factor which 
would probably be driving demand. So, are the customers looking at the start of a cutting cycle? Are 
they looking at a certain level of Fed funds rate before they kind of start spending in a much bigger 
fashion? 

 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 25   
Salil Parekh 
So there, I think my point in the prior comment was more on what is the macro environment. So first, 
we do not know if that is a trigger or is not a trigger. We are typically seeing the large digital program. 
The last program even now with Generative AI, clients are still not ready to launch on them. So, the 
more specific point you make, difficult for us to take a view on that. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
So thank you, everyone, for joining us. It is really wonderful to get all the questions. We are delighted 
with the strong first quarter growth, margin, cash, large deals, volume. So very good to see that 
outcome for our business. We have a good outlook. So, the change in guidance gives a sense of 
what we see in the outlook, 3% to 4% growth. We hold the margin 20% to 22%. Good to see Financial 
Services in the U.S. have that change. 
We feel extremely strong in what we are building in Generative AI. And we can see the traction to 
that in the projects and programs we are doing. And we believe we are well positioned really as a 
company, where we are benefiting from a variety of areas, whether it is in digital, whether it is in 
cloud, whether it is in technology transformation or cost efficiency. 
All of these are something that we can support our clients with, and we remain well positioned to do 
that through this year and into the future. So, thank you again for joining us and catch up at the next 
quarter call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
