 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
(Formerly Kaynes Technology India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29128KA2008PLC045825 
www.kaynestechnology.co.in  
 
email ID: kaynestechcs@kaynestechnology.net  
H.O & Regd Off: 23-25, Belagola, Food Industrial Estate Metagalli PO, Mysore 570016 India 
Telephone No: +91 8214280270 
July 31, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – KAYNES 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
14th floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Stock Code – 543664 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Intimation of Earnings call transcript for Q1 FY2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the link for the transcript of the Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call, conducted 
on July 27, 2024 and uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Particulars  Website link 
Transcript 
https://www.kaynestechnology.co.in/doc/Regulation-46-of-sebi-lodr-
regulation/Earnings%20Call%20Transcript%2027.07.2024.pdf  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge it. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully,  
For Kaynes Technology India Limited 
 
 
 
S M Adithya Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A49042 
 
Enclosed: 
• Transcript of the earnings call 
 
 
 
SALIGRAMA MOHAN 
KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN
Digitally signed by SALIGRAMA 
MOHAN KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN 
Date: 2024.07.31 14:34:39 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
  
 
“Kaynes Technology India Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMESH KANNAN – FOUNDER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SAVITHA RAMESH – CHAIRPERSON – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. JAIRAM SAMPATH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kaynes Technology Limited Q1 FY '25 
conference call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, thanks Aditya. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q1 FY '25 results 
conference call of Kaynes Technology India. We have with us senior management represented 
by Mr. Ramesh Kannan, Founder and Managing Director, Mrs. Savitha Ramesh, Chairperson, 
Mr. Jairam Sampath, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Rajesh Sharma, 
Chief Executive Officer. 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Ramesh Kannan for his initial comments on the quarterly 
performance. Then Mr. Jairam Sampath will take over and then we will open the floor for 
question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Kaynes Technology team, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the earnings call for Quarter 1 2025. I have along with me Savita Ramesh, 
Chairperson of our Board, Jairam Sampath, Whole-Time director and CFO, Rajesh Sharma, 
CEO, and our Investor Relation Partners in the call. We are pleased to share our growth as a 
company and achievements for the quarter. 
I am happy to inform you that we have been able to achieve a revenue of 5,040 million during 
the quarter 1 FY '25, which represents a strong growth of 70% year-on-year. The operational 
EBITDA margin, excluding other income for the quarter '25, was at 13.3 and PAT margin was 
at 10.1%. Our order book surged from INR41,152 million in quarter 4 FY '24 to INR50,386 
million in quarter 1 FY '25. 
Order book grew sequentially by 22% during the quarter compared to last quarter, representing 
substantial increase in monthly order inflow. Growth in order book is led by strong demand 
across all verticals, more notably industrial and EV, aerospace, outer space, and strategic 
electronics, along with railway segment. 
Specifically, the aerospace, outer space, and strategic medical electronics vertical, we have 
secured a sizable customer that will significantly increase our overall revenue portfolio in the 
upcoming years. From a business standpoint, we have continuously endeavoured to enhance our 
organization and transforming into an integrated EMS company, meeting a larger portion of the 
needs of our clients. Our Telangana facility is almost ready and will be active very soon in order 
to achieve this goal in the area of smart meters. 
As we move ahead in Atmanirbhar Bharat initiative by government, we are working, getting 
more on the traction in railways, on board electronics, train collision avoidance system. We are 
making significant investments in developmental activities in this area through leading 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
technology providers. Going forward into the future, this will further augment our valuable 
portfolio of business along with our other strategic initiatives by Government of India in rail 
safety. 
We are very optimistic going forward for our revenue growth, expanding into other key verticals 
and will not only improve top line but augment the bottom line as well. For the financial year 
2025 going ahead, we expect to have a good traction from all the different verticals, and we will 
meet and exceed our estimates of 30,000 million of revenue and corresponding EBITDA margin 
targeting at 15% for FY '25. Kaynes is constantly seeking to stay up to date with the newest 
technology advancements, hence eager to invest in or collaborate with such businesses. 
We can better serve our current customer base and attract new important clients in India and 
abroad by maintaining our focus on vertical competency and implementing a continuous 
improvement plan in quality, delivery, and automation. We are in the final stage of obtaining 
government approvals for our new investments and expect the approval soon. Now the new 
government is informed, and budget has already announced. 
We have acquired land in the state of Gujarat which will be starting our construction shortly. 
Meanwhile, we also activated the collaboration and the team formation on onboarding is 
happening parallelly for our OSAT business. We expect a positive response in the OSAT 
business in FY '26. 
As far as our approval is concerned, it is in the final stage and is expected at any moment. 
Regarding the HDI Printed Circuit Board project, we are proceeding as per plan. Having set up 
the team, we are in the final stages of land acquisition and is indicated as indicated earlier, we 
expect to post revenues in Printed Circuit Board business in FY '26. 
We believe that as we take the final steps towards bare board, PCB and OSAT, it will help us 
become a truly integrated electronic company. This is only possible because of the hard work 
and dedication of our entire team, and I want to take a moment to express my sincere gratitude 
for their contribution. I would like to sincerely thank each and every one of our excellent 
investors for their encouragement so far in our journey and expect continuing support in the 
future too. 
Thank you once again and we look forward to exciting times ahead. I will now hand over the 
call to Jairam Sampath to take you through our financial performance. Thank you. Over to you, 
Jairam. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Rameshji. Thank you all for joining the call today and as we start the new fiscal 
year, I am happy to share Kaynes Technologies financial results for the period ending Q1 2025 
and share with you the highlights of the same. For the first quarter of 2025, consolidated total 
revenues were at INR5,040 million, representing a 70% year-on-year growth. The consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter was INR699 million*, INR showing a 66% year-on-year increase. The 
EBITDA margin for the quarter, excluding the other income, was at about 13.3%. Our 
consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was INR508 million, up by about 106% and the PAT 
margin for the quarter stood at about 10.1%. Our current order book, which stands now at 50,386 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
million, that's about INR5,038 crore Indian rupee. Net working capital at the end of the June 
quarter was at about 121 days, which is similar to the previous year's same quarter. 
However, our inventories were higher on an absolute basis as we had to make advanced 
purchases, keeping in mind the requirements of the upcoming quarters, as we planned to execute 
revenues in excess of INR30,000 million in FY '25. There was temporary pressure from 
receivables too with a few customers. We expect this to improve in the coming quarters. 
We have planned the net working capital to come back to the expected lines as we progress 
during the year and will reduce significantly on an average by the end of the year on a year-on-
year basis. Consequently, our net debt at the end of the quarter adjusted for unutilized proceeds 
was at INR5,771 million, compared to INR972 million at the end of the June quarter of FY '24. 
Our ROE and ROC stood at about 17.4% and 18.8% respectively for Q1 2025. 
We continue to make sustained progress on our expansion and continuously adding new lines 
across various facilities, especially Chamarajanagar. which is in line to become truly integrated 
facility for EMS. Also, Telangana facility first phase will be up and running by the end of August 
2024. In the new project area, the OSAT as well as HDI PC board manufacturing, we are likely 
to start posting revenues by the FY26. 
The requisite government approvals are expected at any time now since the new government has 
taken over and the budget is presented. We will keep all posted on the key developments as we 
move ahead in the year. We have also received tremendous support from you all and hope to 
have the same kind of support going forward into the future. 
I would also like to thank ICICI Securities for helping us to arrange this earnings call. With this, 
I request all participants to comment with their questions and I'll now open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
*Note:Management erroneously mentioned EBITDA for the Quarter as INR 699 Million the 
same stands at INR 669 Million. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, good morning, sir, and congratulations for a good set of numbers. So just wanted to first 
understand this, 55% acquisition in Austria. If you can just talk about, what is it exactly? What 
are the revenues? What is the investment for this thing? If you can just elaborate a little bit about 
that. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Good morning, Bhoomika. Thank you for attending this call on a Saturday. Unfortunately, we 
didn't have any other time to do this. Anyway, I thank all the other participants also to take time 
of their personal time and do this. So, we have just taken a board approval for proceeding with 
the project and some more details are being worked out and at appropriate time, we'll announce 
these details. It's going to be a significant project, but beyond that, we will come back to you 
once all the nitty-gritties are worked out, Bhoomika ji. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sure. So the other thing is, you know, we saw a very strong uptick in terms of the order intake, 
and you said that there was decent orders that came in from outer space, strategic medical 
customers, etc. Can we get some more light? 
 
I mean, you know, is this like a multi-year contract? How large are the orders from some more 
details on this will really help us understand how things are moving and whether this kind of 
order intake that we've seen in the current quarter can continue as well going ahead. So some 
colour on this, what is the execution timeline, etc. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sure, Bhoomika ji. See firstly the order comes in chunks, as we have discussed earlier too. So 
when a large order comes in obviously, the average order inflow per month goes up a tad, much 
higher than what we actually execute and so on. So but typically, we've got in two major, three 
major areas, the order inflow. One is, of course, as you correctly pointed out, aerospace, outer 
space and defence. The second is the industrial area, industrial Navy area. 
 
The third is medical area. And these are multi-year contracts. Obviously, these orders, some of 
the orders, not all of them, but some of them exceed, probably reach up to about, for the next 
five years too. So like, for instance, in aerospace and other areas. So and these, going forward, 
the order of the day will be, yes, every once in a few quarters, we'll have large increases when 
the customers commit large amounts of business. And typically, in the kind of segments that we 
work in, the horizon, as I have explained earlier, is longer than, let's say, one year and so on and 
so forth. 
 
So in any particular order, I'm happy to tell you that this order book probably will suffice for our 
execution this year almost. There are a few more orders we're expecting. So obviously, that will 
exceed the kind of targets that we have set for ourselves. So let's see how to manage that. So the 
horizon of the orders is longer and is getting increased day by day. And so, that's the good news. 
 
So the order book will keep growing at similar pace. And you can expect some reasonable, after 
execution of all the orders, you can expect some more increase in the order book at the end of 
the year. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So sir, of this INR5,000 crores, what is the split of a large, longer duration, multi-year kind of 
thing? What would be the quantum of the order book in that? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So no, I think the question you're asking is, are there, so we have received an order for a two-
year timeframe for one of the industrial products. I'm not at liberty to tell you exactly what that 
product is at this point in time. But suffice it to say that this is significantly, let's say, this 
constitutes about 10% of the order book, where the execution is expected to be, let's say, one 
year later than today. So within the next one year, about 10%, another 10% will get executed 
later than one year, in a timeframe of two years. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
So what normally we do is, whatever we present here, we don't give you more than two years. 
But 70% of our orders, we have a window period of four to six years of life. That means the 
contract will be either first year to four years. It will ramp up on the second year onwards, and 
then it tapers down. Otherwise, it is around six, six and a half years. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Absolutely. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Understood, sir. So my second question is on the OSAT business. You know, we're expecting 
approvals anytime we've identified the land in Gujarat, etc. If you can also talk about how is the 
progress of the customers, how our relationship with Globetronics, Aptos, etcetera, is kind of 
moving on? And what is their response to some bit of a delay that we've seen? You know, how 
is the work progressing with them? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So we have also used the time, intervening time, as you know, during the last one quarter, plus 
a few months was there during the election time, etc. So we have used the intervening time to 
strengthen our relationship with the collaborators and also do a little more in terms of 
augmenting the team with CTOs, operations heads, and so on and so forth. We've also got some 
more customers in the advanced packaging area. 
 
So the idea is to make sure that we use all the time to develop a good business portfolio in this 
area, so that once the machines are in place, we do get a good quality of business, too. So it's 
been used by the team, this intervening time period has been used by the team to augment the 
relationship with the customers, etcetera, and that part of it is going well. And as expected, and 
we, I think FY26 end quarter, that is the fourth quarter of FY26, we certainly will have a 
reasonable and reasonably significant capacity utilization and revenues. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay, sir. I'll have more questions. I'll come back in the question queue. Thank you so much. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Bhoomika ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hi, sir. Thanks a lot for taking my question and congrats on a very good set of numbers once 
again. My first question is with respect to the industrial segment. Just wanted to get a sense as 
to how the mix is there in the industrial business with respect to smart meters and other products, 
and what kind of growth that we can think of with respect to this particular category over the 
next two to three years? Where does visibility come from in terms of growth across various sub-
product categories in this space? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you. Thank you, Ravi, for joining the call and this very important question that you have 
asked. So see, industrial sector is right now happening sector due to certain products. 
Industrially, if you take lots of happening orders out there, one, of course, is smart meter, both 
domestical business as well as international business. So we have some excellent clients acquired 
in both the areas. And currently, what we have posted as order is for the domestic segment, but 
we are also likely to get some export orders in this area, which is significant in nature. 
 
So over the next, let's say, two to five-year time frame, we expect probably a tad higher or almost 
similar growth rate at the company's level. As an overall thing I would say that all the verticals 
seem to be growing similarly to the company's number. Obviously, industrial may be a little 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
higher and something else may be trailing a little bit, but they are broadly at the same level of 
growth rate. 
So we see the same bullishness across all the different vertical categories. So that's why we get 
a confidence that we will be able to kind of manage the portfolio profitability properly. So what 
happens in each as the quarters go from first to second third and fourth the amount of sales that 
is done is also like in a ratio of one, two, three, four kind of number based on last several years 
of study. 
And so there will be in some quarters, some orders will get on boarded and so on. So that sector 
may look a little higher in terms of execution and all that, but broadly like last year's numbers 
similar percentages we expect in effect. Maybe a little more exports we can probably factor by 
the end of the year. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood, sir. And my second question is with respect to the medical equipment business. So 
that particular segment has been a bit of soft over the past couple of years in terms of growth 
and this quarter you had talked about one contract coming from the medical side. Even 
competitors like Syrma etc they hadn't reported good numbers beyond the point after acquiring 
the one company. So why is it that this particular segment is not growing as fast as the other 
segments? We understand that I think it carries better margins etc. How's the outlook for this 
particular category? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So while I cannot really comment on businesses of other companies, obviously, they are 
working with some strategy which I'm not really privy to, but as a generic comment our increase 
in order book in medical areas for exports and we know it's a difficult area to work because we 
have been in the sector for more than two decades.  
And so it takes a long time for reputation to build and people to test try you with your orders, 
but I'm very happy to tell you that one of the world's leading medical equipment providers has 
qualified us both in Europe as well as in the US business. So we can expect now that to pull up 
the percentage of medical business.  
But on the other hand I would also like to point out that these are extremely high-tech and high 
critical and highly complex equipment. And so it's not very easy to ramp up these businesses. 
The customers do take a long time before they finalize. So we are happy to tell you that we have 
now on boarded a very large customer. So I think for some time we will start growing the 
business and delivering to that customer requirement. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood, sir. Thanks a lot and once again congrats on a very good set of numbers. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Ravi.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Hi sir. I hope I am audible. I just wanted to sort of understand we have given a guidance of 15% 
for EBITDA margin and 1Q we are sort of flat on flat, is this a large part of increase driven by 
ramp up in aerospace, medical and those segments. Because at the beginning of the year you had 
indicated that these segments the percentage share may go up by 200, 300 basis points in the 
overall mix. Is that understanding, correct? Is it leverage and mix that will sort of get us to 15% 
EBITDA margin by year end? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, that understanding is correct the mix especially in industrial as well as the aerospace, outer 
space and strategic electronics that will also drive more margins positively. Of course, we don't 
really talk about margins by sector, but yes, the mix will favourably change is what we expect, 
and this is based on our understanding of quality orders that we have received. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure sir. And we just wanted to sort of understand I think Mr. Kannan also sort of indicated 
something on the Kavach system as well as the progress over there. In terms of our end customer 
is this RDSO approval already there in place and in terms of execution when are we sort of 
expecting Kavach to pick up? Do we have anything in orders already or we sort of expect that 
to come through. 
And maybe just one final point it's expected how much of the overall Kavach spend is the content 
that you kind of contribute because it's expected that the overall Kavach system is about 5 million 
per kilometer, roof kilometer. So how much of that is what Kaynes does? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Kavach we are only investing in anticipation of order. India is going to have huge numbers and 
our relationship with the Tier 1 rail suppliers are also good. So we feel we can get into this 
business using that. And keeping that in mind we are investing this, we will be investing around 
INR40 crores of in R&D investment into this project. Proof of concept is what we are being 
done now and this should be in the market by the first quarter of 2026. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Those are all my questions and best of luck for future quarters. 
Management: 
Yes. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go-ahead sir. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations for yet another strong quarter. Now I think my 
question is continuing with the earlier question on the margin. Now, I didn't see that the industrial 
and auto had materially increased in the first quarter. Also the share of Box Build was lower. So 
I wanted to understand specific reason for why the margin was slightly lower in the first quarter. 
And also the blended margin of the order book that you have that will be helpful. Also in the 
existing order book of over 5000 crores, how much of that is coming from Box Build and export 
I think that's the first question? 
Management: 
So in the first quarter if you notice it is almost “an election quarter” actually. And we are glad 
that we got to where we actually reached. Because obviously the order book is there, but still the 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
offtake of some of the products which end customer is people like railways and other 
governmental agencies the inspection was not being done and so on and so forth. Employees 
were on election duty and all that, you know the whole system kind of comes to a standstill on 
the government side. So that was one reason. So there's a mixed variance obviously. 
And within the sectors also like for instance, within the different verticals there is different 
margin, some are higher, some are lower. So within the verticals also there are some products 
that are higher margin and lower margin. So it so happened that the orders that we executed 
where of those where margins are a tad lower, but we have done - our operating team has done 
an excellent cost control job to make sure that we didn't we kind of did some austerity measures 
to make sure that our EBITDA was still maintained. 
 
Going forward, the leverage will be available better because as you know the sales will increase. 
First quarter generally 15%, 16% of the total year, second quarter will be 25 years 25%. So you 
will start getting some good leverage going forward. And I think so one is the better mix which 
will drive gross margin and then better leverage this will drive even better EBITDA. So we are 
confident that this is a transient phenomenon. And so we think that we'll be fast in the second 
quarter end at least we'll definitely be better off. 
Rahul Gajare: 
And Box Build and export share in the book? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So the Box Build, for instance, if you take medical electronics for instance, the new orders 
are coming in Box Build. So Box Build is a little longer term in terms of development and 
approvals and all that. So you can see some increase in Box Build by end of the year especially 
in certain industrial as well as medical, we are going to have more share of Box Build by end of 
year you will have Box Build share going up and rightly as rightly pointed out it drives also the 
margins a little higher. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Sir my second question is actually the export also maybe you could just touch upon how much 
was export in the order book. And given that we are probably in the final leg of the OSAT 
approvals, etc-. I want to understand how many people will you need to run this operation at 
peak, and do you see an issue of skilled manpower? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So firstly on the export order book. See typically currently the export portion is exactly similar 
to what we actually do, which is around 15% kind of number. But going forward, like I said, in 
industrial area and some other areas like medical and also aerospace, we'll have more export 
orders coming in. So, let's say in the longer term, I mean, a little longer than this year's this thing, 
we can see exports climbing up from 15% to about 20% or so by FY'26, 20%-25% kind of time 
number. 
Now, as far as the OSAT is concerned, typically, based on what my studies about the other 
companies, etcetera, an employee, let's say sales per employee hovers around, let's say, INR1.15 
crores to INR1.35 crores per annum. So that's the kind of number you can take as -- so if we 
plan for, let's say, eventually -- with this capex we plan for, let's just assume that we do INR3,000 
crores, then maybe the number of employees will be a tad lower than that, just about, let's say, 
15% lower than that. So that's the kind of employee intensity.  

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
But however, while it is by definition not a labour-intensive job, but it's very people dependent. 
That means highly skilled manpower is required. So, from that perspective, I think, in India, we 
do have an edge, provided we overcome the problems of all these ecosystem related, the things 
which government is actually helping. So, I think you will see the competitive advantage 
building in the OSAT business shortly, maybe in a matter of a couple of years' time. India also 
will become a reasonably good source for this. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Thank you very much and all the very best. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Rahulji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations team on another set of strong results. While all 
my segment-related questions have broadly been answered, I wanted to understand that we had 
-- in the 4Q call, we had given a guidance for 70 to 72 days of NWC cycle. The current NWC 
cycle has come in flat at about 120 days. So are we retaining that guidance? Well, I understand 
that this was an election quarter, which is why the intensity could have been higher, but could 
you just touch upon as to what's our guidance for FY'25 in terms of NWC cycle? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So while I'd not like to say guidance, but last year we did about 83 days of net working 
capital average for the year. So it will be superior to that this year. See, the first quarter is always 
a bit of a problem to defend the net working capital for the simple reason that first quarter is the 
time when we accumulate a lot of inventories for the future orders.  
And this particular quarter was a quarter where the election happened. And so because of this 
reason, I mean, election happened, of course, the previous quarter, but I would say during this 
quarter we had the election as well as results coming in, etc-. So that has kind of disturbed the 
offtake a little bit.  
So what happens if the offtake is disturbed? Inventories pile up and a little bit of receivables go 
up, and that basically affects the networking, so we did take some counteraction and we tried to 
kind of make sure that we don't onboard too much of inventory, etc-, till we got to where we are. 
I am quite confident by end of this year; we will reach better than what it was last year. And as 
we've been indicating, it will be in 70s. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Got it. My second question is with regards to the other income. Now, other income continues to 
be elevated on the back of your IPO proceeds being unutilized. So how do we see this evolving 
over the current fiscal, the utilization of funds and how do we see the other income panning out 
over the next couple of quarters? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, I think it is like this. See, obviously, we had objects specified for this thing,QIP . So, since 
the approval was pending and now it's about to happen this year, obviously, we'll utilize a lot of 
capex and so on. This capex is planned over two to three years' timeframe. To that extent, 
proportionately, we'll consume this capex and obviously, these and all these things will get 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
converted into equipment. So from that perspective, your other income -- but anyway, the 
EBITDA that we've talked about, operational EBITDA is excluding the other income, the 13.3%. 
Just wanted to bring that to your notice. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Okay. Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Hardikji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Sir, my first question is regarding your capex guidance. Is there any change to that FY'25-'26 
capex? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, as we had declared earlier, we have new capexes, one in the OSAT business, the other 
in the PC board business. So, it remains exactly similar to what we had planned earlier. It is just 
that the implementation timeline got delayed by a couple of months because of the election and 
election results and all that. Otherwise, the capex plan exactly remains the same because there 
are a lot of back work to be done before we can make any changes. So, these are the two priority 
projects with us. One is OSAT, the other one is the PC board project. And obviously, we still 
have some small amount left in the IPO proceeds to complete our capex implementation in 
Chamarajanagar and Mysore and Manesar plants. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is on OSAT. I understand that you are awaiting the final 
approval from the government side. But when you start the operations, what kind of 
revenues/EBITDA incremental to your core business do you expect from FY'26? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, see, all I can tell you at this point in time is it will be margin accretive to the existing 
business. Now exactly what, will depend on exactly what orders we receive. And though we 
have broad MOUs with four customers and so on and so forth, we still have to show them the 
plant before they can assign a particular product category to us. So, more details shortly, maybe 
you have to give us a couple of quarters more when we start doing the POC. So, at that point in 
time, we can work. But all I can say is it will be margin accretive eventually compared to the 
EMS business. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And any sense on the incremental revenues? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Incremental revenues typically in this business, the asset turnover is about 1 to 1.2 or in the best-
case scenario, 1.3 or so. So depending on the capexes and the increase in the capacity utilization, 
we can compute that. And let's say FY'30, we would have done all of this INR3,000 crores of 
capex in OSAT. So, we should definitely have revenues in excess of INR3,000 crores, maybe 
20% more than that, you know, maybe INR3,500 crores by FY'30. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understood, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Sonaliji. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kaushik Mohan from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Hi, sir. Morning. Sir, I just wanted to understand your OSAT business. In one of the interviews, 
I think one of your managers told that in coming days, like we can see a separate listing for 
OSAT. Can I understand on the broader terms, how large this OSAT business can be, and how 
are we geared up for entire thing? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Hi, Kaushikji. Nice hearing your voice. See the thing is, as a company, we have not decided 
about any listing, etc. Our stand is very simple. Kaynes Technology is the holding company, and 
all other subsidiaries' results get consolidated into it. 
As far as business is concerned, the OSAT business takes anywhere between two to five years 
for it to start yielding, let's say, 80% capacity utilizations and so on. So, like I said, our OSAT 
capex is about INR3,000 crores. So by FY'30, we can expect about INR3,500 crores revenues 
in this. And my estimate is that the margins will be better than our existing business.  
But exactly what depends on what kind of products we onboard, and that will depend on 
customer's decision as to what range of products they want to do with us. But our target is that 
25% of business will be in legacy area, legacy semicon assembly area. 75% business, we want 
to do it in the advanced packaging area. So it looks like this target is achievable. But the only 
thing is you've got to give it time for implementation of the first POC line, and then do the other 
approval from customers and so on and so forth. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it. Thanks, sir. And, sir, my second question is on we have spoken about catching $1 billion 
on top line by FY'28 as a target. So do we have any contribution of OSAT in these numbers, or 
this is a separate number? 
Jairam Sampath: 
No, this is a consolidated number. $1 billion is including OSAT and PC board. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Okay. So, approximately, what can be the OSAT contribution in this, any backup calculations? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, this is just an estimate at this point in time. Like I said, OSAT depends on -- we definitely 
will do consolidated $1 billion, which is like anywhere between INR8,500 crores to INR9,000 
crores kind of number, depending on what the exchange rate is likely to be at that point in time. 
I would say bulk of the sales will be from the EMS business only. So, it can be close to about 
70%-75% will be EMS business at the minimum and the remaining will be new businesses like 
OSAT and PC board.  
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it. And how about our capacity utilizations in the current plan, sir? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, the capacity utilization typically goes through a cycle of low, let's say 40%-50% and then it 
goes peaks at about 80%-90% when we onboard capacity. So, currently, with the new plant 
coming up in Hyderabad, so we will have probably capacity utilization reasonably under control. 
But by the end of the year, we think we will reach more like 80%-90% capacity, 80% capacity 
utilization, maybe 70%-80%. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
And then, of course, first quarter, we have to augment capacities. The Chamarajanagar facilities, 
Gama building will come up. We are also having plants in Pune and up north in Jammu. So, 
those capacities will also fire up. So, hopefully, we will be able to manage this. So, end of the 
year, we'll have maybe 70% utilization. And then, of course, we'll have to add such capacities 
to cater to the additional business for the next year.  
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it. And, sir, how about our smart meter business? How big is this opportunity? Because now 
I see that the government is very cautious on not losing the electricity. And also, there are a lot 
of reports telling that the focus is going on to hydrogen side to create electricity and different 
forms of electricity like it might be rooftop solar or it might be wind energy or anything. So, and 
smart meters plays a very big vital role on this play. So, can I understand where are we getting 
the clients and what is this entire division will look like? 
Jairam Sampath: 
See, in this smart meter space, broadly out of 250 million units that were planned to be 
implemented about 10 million units have been already implemented. So, it's a very large, let's 
say, use case that has been done. Of course, there were a few queries here and there some users 
said no, etcetera. 
 
Obviously, when you put 1 crore meters, there will be at least a few thousands of people who 
will protest etc. But broadly, the information from our customers is that this entire thing is 
working system is working. And so, another 240 million meters at the minimum will be there. 
Then of course, we are also -- it's a similar technology. So, we do have access to customers who 
would be also looking at other metering whether it's water whether it's gas and so on and so 
forth. So, it's an exciting area. 
 
So, with a good, let's say, a business horizon for next at least 5 to 10 years’ timeframe. So, 240 
million, you can put roughly whatever is the kind of price of a meter anywhere between 2,000 
to 5,000 rupees depending on the single case or three cases, etc. So, it's a large amount of 
business that is coming in and the government talking about a plank. They are promoting only 
India, Design India made products. And there is also a good export possibilities in this area.  
Kaushik Mohan: 
So, how much money are we locking up for this business in our balance sheet? 
Jairam Sampath: 
This is an EMS kind of thing. Obviously, there's an additional capex for plastics, etc, but nothing 
significant. This also has an asset balance of anywhere between 6 to 8 and maybe nearer to 8 
because this will be a product focused activity. So, it is probably less asset intensive than our 
existing business itself. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it. So, how about the competition? Because the competition is also very strong in this 
business, right? Is it sustainable with that internal target of 15% margin that we speak about? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. So, two of the best service solution and service providers are our customers in this area. 
So, we think that we'll have a significant and steady market share. So, these are proven solution 
providers across the world. They are global players who are working in India. So, we are 
confident that at least to the extent that we do the business, it will be a stable business. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Sure. Thanks, sir. I'll get back in the queue. It was helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First, on the subsidy on OSAT. So, I just 
want to understand how does it work? Is it like the government spends life for life or you spend 
majority of that in the government then reimburses at a later date? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, there are two subsidies in OSAT. So, one is central government subsidy. The second is 
state government subsidy. Both are in the nature of cash subsidies. They are not in kind. That's 
the first thing. The second thing is both are linked to a certain class of, let's say, total class of 
investment. Maybe the land is excluded from it. Land, we get a special subsidy separately from 
the state government. If we are approved OSAT plan, they give us 50% off on the land. 
As far as the remaining capex is concerned that is the total capex minus the land, they give us – 
central government gives us 50% subsidy. That 50% subsidy is issued on a pari-passu basis. 
That would mean that the moment company invests, let's say, X amount of rupees the 
government also provides the same amount of rupees, and this can be then used to purchase 
capex. So, this is pari-passu . As far as state government is concerned, similar method works but 
the only thing is they await the commencement of operations. That means, which would mean 
that at least the first couple of lines have to be operational and the company has to start doing 
some invoicing. 
So, we have taken a period of two years for this purpose like, let's say, FY '26, but we are 
confident that much before that we will probably start doing it that we start enjoying the state 
government subsidy. State government subsidy is anywhere between 20% and 25% of the total 
capex and this is contingent on getting approval from the central government subsidy. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
And there is no tax implication of this, right? So, independent of the tax. 
Jairam Sampath: 
There is no implication of government subsidy. No, there's no implication of tax in this. The 
only thing is that they want us to work for a period of five years make sure that the assets are 
productive, and we start doing business, and we onboard some good technology, which then the 
government can talk about and so on. So, they have been actually very supportive in this and 
helping us. They are also giving us some contracts, etc, to improve our program. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure, this is helpful. And second question is on Kavach. So, I understand the proof of concept is 
still to be done but ultimately, your contract will not be with the government, right? It will be 
with an ETC player who will have a contract, and you will be a subcontractor. Is that correct? 
Or you can direct your contract to the government? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, while we have not worked out the actual modality, but see, typically, all railway 
contracts, they say development and manufacturing, okay? They don't really speak. So, the key 
to supply to somebody like railways is approval from their side. So, what we are doing is we are 
working with the technology provider, and making a cost-effective solution for Kavach , and 
getting it approved by RDSO. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
There are two options. One, of course, we can directly supply, or the other is through other 
OEMs. We have all the key OEMs already working with us. And the third option is somebody 
else's Kavach design also we can manufacture. So, we do have [RFQ’s] in all the three areas. 
 
So, maybe the first step for us is to demonstrate that we have a Kavach product, which we will 
do, like Rameshji said in his opening remarks, we will do probably by the end of this year or 
early next year. And after that, then we will do this business split between these three different 
methods, you know? 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
So, are your existing railway contractors or customers the same as the Kavach customers, or 
there will be different set of customers for the OEMs? 
Jairam Sampath: 
They will be similar, because the railway ecosystem is such that the tenders are picked up by 
implementation contractors who have trained staff. So, they align with one of the big major 
OEMs, in the signalling system. And these are very same people who will actually implement 
probably the coverage program also. So, it will be the same ecosystem. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. Thank you. This is helpful. That's all from my side and all that. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you so much, Indrajit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Yes. So, I wanted to understand, from the product that we manufacture, what would be the major 
components in terms of, percentage value, which is sourced from the domestic market currently, 
buyer PCBs, transformers, resistors, if you could highlight the major components? 
Management: 
So, you are talking about, currently, you are talking about our existing EMS business, correct? 
Karan Sanwal: 
Yes. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, basically, in existing EMS business, if you say, roughly 60% of the entire materials are 
generally imported, 40% is locally manufactured. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. And what would be the major components in those 40%? 
Management: 
So, Karanji, what I was... 
Management: 
Did we get dropped? 
Jairam Sampath: 
No. I will repeat that. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, he was asking about the import from the EMS business, and I was explaining the, some 
of the things, like, PC Boards will get indigenized, and some of the OSATs also will probably 
source will become India, but, again, continue to be imported, because it will go to the global 
supply chain, which they are also outside of India. And so, yes. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
So, roughly about 60% is imported. Out of that, maybe 10% of sales will probably get 
indigenized into India, and the remaining 50% will continue to be imported from outside of 
India. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. And also, if you could state the gross debt level and the average interest cost for the as on 
date? 
Jairam Sampath: 
I didn't get your question, but can you just repeat it slowly? 
Karan Sanwal: 
Yes. I was asking about gross debt level and the average interest cost? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Okay. Gross debt level. So, like I said, this is a temporary thing. We do have a little bit of increase 
in inventories, and also, a couple of customers, there was a delay in payments, but we have now 
figured out how to get that organized. So, going forward, that will come down. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Karanji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Vora from JAINMAY VENTURE. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congrats on a strong first quarter. Rameshji, the US $1 billion 
revenue aspirational target coming nearer, when are we expecting that to hit? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Rajeshji, thank you for joining this call, especially on a Saturday. So, this $1 billion is our 
aspirational target as of FY’28, sir. And like I said, I was explaining the 75% to 80% will be our 
existing EMS business. Remaining will be augmented by new businesses in OSAT as well as 
the PC board area.  
Rajesh Vora:                        At that level, Jayaramji, it would be, the margin would be higher than where we are today. As 
you stated, OSAT and PCB will have a higher margin. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. By that point, we would have probably worked on the high-density interconnection 
boards and also the advanced packaging. So we are expecting the new businesses to be value 
accretive and margin accretive also. So, you are right. It will be, the total consolidated numbers 
should have higher margins than just the EMS business. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Right. And my second question is, I remember having, discussing with you and Rameshji about 
Danaher Corp, which is, I believe, one of your customers. And it has a very good basket of 
products on the medical devices side. And they've done very well over the years on acquisition 
side as well. So, are we accumulating anything from that company? or any other EMS company? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sir, you asked about whether we are getting some business from this medical device company 
that we have onboarded as a client. Is that the question, sir? 
Rajesh Vora: 
No. I'm saying Danaher Corp, is that one of your clients? 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, one of their subsidiaries is a client of ours. And yes, we are seeing some little uptake in 
this, but too early to declare victory, sir. But yes, we are qualified by the Danaher Group 
company. So, as and when their outsourcing spend increases, we will be the beneficiaries. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Yes. And my second part of the question, Jairamji, was about, do we, are we benchmarking our 
company on any other global EMS or something like Danaher Corp, or is it something that we 
should be thinking about? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. So, in terms of benchmarking, sir, we have an internal process of what we call best in 
class. That means, in terms of product portfolio, we should be like somebody like, without 
prejudice, I would say somebody like a Plexus Corporation, right? They have very cool products, 
full-built products they make, etc. In terms of margins, we should be like some of the smaller 
organizations which do EMS across the world in aerospace and all that. These are high margin 
and protected markets. 
 
When I say protected markets, we are niche players who are very difficult to replace. We have 
developed intrinsic technology. So, we conceive us to be an integrated EMS player with doing 
some technology, high-tech products, doing complete value chain for the customer, which would 
include, of course, blocks build. 
 
And in certain set of our customers, we would like to do what you call the silicon assembly also 
through our OSAT. And we would also like to do the PC board, which is especially the high-
density PC board, so that we become a preferred supplier of people seeking highly complex and 
highly technology-oriented products, which we believe that the entire electronic assembly is 
moving in that direction. So, in future, you will see two different types of electronics. 
 
One will be this commercial electronic that will also be high-tech, so there will be high volume. 
We may not be getting there, the commercial and consumer kind of thing. The other is industrial 
type of thing, which will be high-tech. So, we think that we will be a good supplier of this high-
tech. And volumes may not be necessarily high, but they will be all complex and critical products 
with new generation of silicon, etc, where in some cases, we'll get some opportunity for silicon 
assembly also. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Lovely. Makes sense, Jairamji. Thank you very much and wish you all the very best for a billion-
dollar target. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Rajeshji. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikhil Kale from Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a very good set 
of numbers. So, Jairamji, first question is on the PCB business. So, like you highlighted on the 
OSAT, we are looking at maybe like a INR3,500-odd crore kind of a target for FY '30. What 
could be the potential top line that we can achieve on the PCB business? So, I will just maybe 
talk about that. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Nikhilji, thank you for this question. So, the PC Board, originally, we said phase one maybe 
will be about INR730 crores, but we are now working with state governments to get a little 
higher subsidy too. So, eventually, by FY '30, I think we would probably have a capex of about 
excess of INR1,200 to INR1,400 crores. 
 
So, here also you can expect a top line of anywhere between, depending on capacity utilization, 
anywhere between INR1,000 to INR1,500 crores by FY '30. So, this will be roughly 40% of the 
business of OSAT itself. OSAT will be, anywhere between INR3,000 to INR3,500 crores, this 
will be about INR1,000 to INR2,500 crores by FY '30. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Got it. So, by FY '30, broadly INR4,500, INR5,000-odd crore from the new businesses. And 
safe to say that the PAT margins on these businesses would be similar, maybe would be better 
than the legacy? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, it will be higher than our US business. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Yes. Got it. And just a second question was on the order book. I think at the start of the call, you 
mentioned that there are some new orders that you've got where the execution time frame is 
slightly higher. You talked about a 10% kind of a number. So, just wanted to clarify this. So, out 
of INR5,000-odd crore, broadly maybe INR500, INR600-odd crore is something which will get 
executed over two years and the remaining will get executed over the next 12 to 15 months. Is 
this understanding, correct? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Not really. What I'm saying is, I was talking about the orders added. So, I was trying to explain. 
I think the question was sudden increase in the order inflow. What does it mean? Does it mean 
that this year will go beyond 3,000? I was trying to explain that those order inflows are pertaining 
to some executions which are not in this year. But broadly, 60% to 70% of the order book gets 
typically executed in the year. So, you can take anywhere, let's say INR5,000 crore is the order 
book at the end of June. So, 70% of that, 60% of that is about 3,000. We already run 500. So, 
obviously, we have good coverage. 
 
In fact, there will be a challenge in terms of actually completing the entire thing because of 
capacity and all related things. So, roughly about 60% at any given point in time for the next 
60% to 70% for the next 12 months kind of time frame. So yes, obviously, most of the orders 
that we'll execute this year are already there with us. Some customers will give six months to a 
year order. They will keep coming in. And yes, so we will try and make sure that we satisfy the 
customer to the best possible extent. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Okay, got it. And just last question on the working capital cycle. I think in the past, we've spoken 
about that we are in discussions with our vendors to maybe set up warehouses in India or maybe 
suppliers from local kind of regions. So, any progress on that? Because, I mean, the way the 
order book has been ramping up, we'll constantly be in this phase wherein we'll have to kind of 
order more inventory for our future orders. So, then how do you kind of look at working capital 
kind of coming down? So, these initiatives will be important, right? 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, the near shoring of inventory is one activity. We couldn't do too much progress last 
three quarters, last three months, because I think everybody is watching the budget and 
provisions for providing some benefit in that area. We expect that in another couple of months' 
time government will also initiate some policies on logistics. So, it'll make it easier for people 
to near shore inventory. On the other hand, just based on our own stream, we have got positive 
response from most of the suppliers. 
 
So, we'll try and do something this year where the locally people keep some stocks for us to 
relieve some of the burden. So, we are working in that direction. More on it maybe by quarter 
three or so. The remaining improvements that we do in this thing will be based on efficiency 
improvements and also making sure the shortages are not there and so on and also working in 
factoring agencies for making sure that the refusals are under control. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Nikhil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now end the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, are there any more questions? 
Management: 
No, last question. 
Management: 
That's complete. All right. Thank you very much for attending this on a Saturday. We appreciate 
the interest shown, probably one of the best attendances on a holiday for an earnings call. And 
next time around we'll keep it on a working day so that we don't inconvenience you too much. 
Thank you so much. Bye-bye. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
