 
Macrotech Developers Limited: Lodha Excelus , NM Joshi Marg, Mahalaxmi,  Mumbai 400 011, India   
Regd. Office : 412, Floor-4, 17G Vardhaman Chamber, Cawasji Patel Road, Horniman Circle, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India 
CIN: L45200MH1995PLC093041 • T + 91 22 6773 7373 • E: investor.relations@lodhagroup.com    
                                                                                                                                                                                                          www.lodhagroup.in 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 543287 
Debt Segment – 974163, 974199, 974473, 974511, 974986, 975053, 975115, 975192, 975560 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Trading Symbol: LODHA 
 
  Dear Sirs, 
   
  Sub: Q1FY25 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ref:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
   Regulations, 2015, as amended (‘Listing Regulations’) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Company’s Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on July 31, 2024. The transcript is also being 
uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.lodhagroup.in under the Investor Relations section. 
 
Kindly take the above information on your record.  
 
  Thanking you, 
 
  Yours faithfully, 
 
For Macrotech Developers Limited                               
 
 
  
       Sanjyot Rangnekar   
 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                       
  Membership No F4154 
 
  Encl: As above 
 
SANJYOT 
NILESH 
RANGNEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SANJYOT NILESH 
RANGNEKAR 
Date: 2024.08.06 12:29:02 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Macrotech Developers Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK LODHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, 
MACROTECH 
DEVELOPERS 
LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR MODI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT BINDAL - CHIEF SALES OFFICER, 
MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND KUMAR - HEAD IR, MACROTECH 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Macrotech Developers Q1 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Kumar – Head (IR) at Macrotech Developers. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
Anand Kumar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Macrotech’s Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Abhishek Lodha – M.D. and CEO, Mr. Sushil Kumar Modi – CFO and Mr. 
Prashant Bindal – Chief Sales Officer of the Company. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Lodha to make his Opening Remarks. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Thank you, Anand. Good morning to everybody and thank you for joining us today. I hope all of you 
are well. 
It’s been a very interesting quarter in India. I would start by commenting on how one looks at the 
overall macro-outlook in India as well as across the globe and what it means for our business and 
then get into the details about how the business is evolving and where we see things progressing in 
the course of the next few quarters. 
I think this quarter with the largest ever democratic exercise of the General Elections in India now 
having been concluded, has been a reinforcement of the long-term vision and desire of the Indian 
population to progress on the path of economic development through a strong Government. This in 
effect is a decision and a vote of continuity. The Government in turn after its election in June, has 
focused on continuing to deepen the strength of the Indian economy. The budget, which was 
presented last week, is another step in that direction with an increasing focus on job creation by 
supporting of the MSMEs, which are the big backbone of the Indian economy, and to support skilling 
as well as job creation for the youth. Both these steps we believe are very positive and as they are 
implemented will support the broad-basing of the economic growth story in India. 
The Government has also decided to further support consumption through a moderation of the tax 
rate for those earning up to Rs.15 lakhs per annum. This once again is supportive of the lower mid 
income and mid income taxpayers and puts more money into their hands to meet their day-to-day 
expenses and enables an improvement in their quality of consumption. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
There has been a lot of talk about the changes in the structure of the long-term capital gains. From 
the perspective of the real estate industry and more particularly, the primary sales of real estate, we 
think that this change is significant net positive. 
In terms of new home buyers, it reduces the long-term capital gains tax rate and brings it down to 
12.5% in line with other financial instruments and makes real estate a competitive option for people 
to look at from a perspective of diversifying their investments and maximizing their returns. 
In terms of those who already own homes and will be looking at exiting those homes, there will be 
potentially a higher rate of long-term capital gains on account of the removal of the indexation 
benefit. And that in turn means that those who are seeking to minimize their tax outflows, will 
reinvest a larger proportion of their gains in buying their further homes or new homes which 
investment is exempt from long-term capital gains. 
Therefore, from both the perspective of those who are buying new homes as well as those who are 
reselling their existing homes and buying further property, in terms of the primary real estate market 
this change in long-term capital gains not only makes the economy more efficient, but it is also net 
positive for the primary real estate developers. We also believe that the lower rate of tax in general 
is positive because it reduces the transaction costs, encourages better ebb & flow and a better rate of 
transactions in the market. This leads to further value discovery in the market. So, all in all, we 
believe that this change is a positive, though there will be a certain transitory pain of adjusting to this 
new regime. 
We are further intrigued by the fact that the budget has reintroduced the incentives for first time home 
buyer for the lower income sections of society. We believe that it is extremely important that people 
get onto the home buying ladder as soon as possible. With the significant increase in rental across 
the country, it is seen now that while rentals might look attractive in the short-term, in the medium-
term, rentals are unlikely to create wealth for the middle class and therefore buying a home as soon 
as possible is the best possible option, not just from the perspective of creating wealth, but also giving 
stability and respectability to the family. The reintroduction of the credit linked subsidy scheme is 
therefore a significant positive. 
Furthermore, as global inflation is now coming more and more under control, and we have already 
seen rate cuts by some of the leading central banks, particularly in Europe and now we are also 
expecting the Federal Reserve in the US to cut rates later in the year. This in turn will also mean that 
there is likely to be a moderation in interest rates in India which will also be supportive of the entry 
level home buyers who have been hit hard by the increase in interest rates in the aftermath of the 
inflation spike post-COVID. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
So, all in all, we believe that over the next 12 months support to entry level housing, i.e., homes 
which are priced between 30,00,000 and 75,00,000 will bring the demand in that segment on par with 
the demand in the rest of the housing market which has continued to remain quite robust. Today, we 
have with us our Chief Sales Officer, Mr. Prashant Bindal, who will speak further on that topic. 
Moving further away from the macro and getting more into how we see our business evolving, we 
believe that our performance this quarter is in line with our model of having sustainable, predictable 
growth on the back of a granular well-diversified base of projects. 
We continue to act on our guidance around predictable growth, predictable price rise and continued 
business development, while keeping leverage very conservative, well below our ceiling of 0.5 times 
debt-to-equity. 
I am pleased to inform you that we delivered our best ever for Q1 pre-sales at Rs 4,030 crores, which 
is 20% YoY growth. This is in spite of the fact that this quarter was hit by the general elections, 
which had an impact on the number of available days for selling as well as the focus of the population, 
plus the fact that the summer this year was quite severe with severe temperatures in many parts of 
the country which also affected our footfalls to an extent. In spite of that, we delivered our best ever 
Q1 performance, which speaks volumes about the underlying nature of our business and the 
predictability which we believe is quite rare in a real estate business. 
The pre-sales performance was supported in a significant manner by our performance in Pune where 
we had sales of about Rs 10 billion in Q1, which is about 50% of our pre-sales in all of last fiscal 
year, and this sets us up well to become amongst the top one or two players in Pune over the next 
couple of years. 
Our embedded EBITDA margin for the quarter was at about 33%, which is higher than our guidance 
for the full year at about 31%. And this was in spite of the fact that 43% of the pre-sales for this 
quarter came from our JDA projects, which tend to have a lower EBITDA margin though they have 
a higher ROE. 
As I mentioned earlier, we delivered predictable price growth in line with our overall guidance of 
having price growth below wage growth. We are guiding to about 5% to 7% year-on-year price 
growth for the full year, and in the first quarter, the price growth was about 2%. 
As you are aware, our revenue recognition is based on project completion for the sales which were 
done prior to 31st March 2023 and thereafter we have started moving towards the percentage 
completion methodology of revenue recognition. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
For this quarter, our PAT is well over Rs 800 crores, which is at about 21% of the pre-sales done for 
the quarter. 
In terms of business development, we added three new projects this year this quarter with the GDV 
of about Rs 11,000 crores, therefore that is more than 50% of our full year guidance has already been 
delivered in the Q1 itself. 
This sustained pace of business development, which we have seen right from our IPO over the last 
three years, shows the attractiveness of brand Lodha for the joint development, outright model as 
well as the significant pipeline of business development opportunities that we see in Mumbai, Pune, 
and Bangalore, the three markets that we are currently operating in. 
In spite of the significant level of business development plus a significant ramp up in construction 
spend in this quarter, our net debt stood at Rs 4,300 crores, which is 0.24 times of equity. This is 
really an exemplification of the fact that our business delivers strong underlying cash flows, and as 
we continue to ramp up our investment in construction, we will see in the second-half of the year 
significant acceleration in the free cash flow generation and operating cash flow generation for the 
company. This consistent performance, robustness in the business fundamentals, and strong balance 
sheet has resulted in a credit upgrade to AA Minus with a Positive Outlook by CRISIL which once 
again showcases how our performance is being viewed by external shareholders. 
In line with the same our average cost of funds for the quarter came down to about 9.1%, down by 
almost 30 basis points for the year. 
We continue to focus not just on the business performance, but in line with our philosophy of “Do 
Good, Do Well.” We continue to make significant progress on our ESG initiatives too. This year we 
had the second batch of the Lodha Genius Program, which is a partnership with the Ashoka 
University and the Second Cohort welcome almost 200 students from 26 states out of a pool of over 
3,000 applicants. The program was very sought after and well received, and we had top profile faculty 
not just from India but across the world, coming in and guiding these bright minds in developing 
their skills, particularly in the STEM area, but also inculcating a spirit of national and societal service 
in them. 
During the quarter, we were also recognized as the Top #1 Real Estate Company by Great Place to 
Work. 
We were ranked #64 amongst 2,000 companies across all sectors in the country, and the only real 
estate company amongst the top-100. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
We believe that the in latter part of the year, the next three quarters present a great opportunity for 
our business to continue to scale up in line with our previous guidance. We have a very robust 
pipeline of business development opportunities. We have a strong pipeline of new launches in the 
second half of the year. As I mentioned earlier, with the ramp up of construction spend, we will also 
see an acceleration in operating cash flow generation in line with our guidance of operating cash flow 
of approximately INR65 billion for the full year. 
We are also approaching the end of our pilot phase in Bangalore. As you may remember, we had said 
that in the pilot phase, we will focus on developing our local operating team, understanding local 
nuances and making sure that our execution is in line with our brand promise of delivering the world’s 
finest developments. 
With the launches of the two projects last fiscal year in Bangalore, both of them are very well received 
and we are very comfortable with the sales, the on-ground sales situation and setup that we have in 
Bangalore. 
On the construction side: 
We are also making good progress and we expect in the next one or two quarters, we will conclude 
our pilot phase in Bangalore. We have also started studying which new city will be considered by us 
for the next piloting an entry. We are currently considering a couple of cities and expect to make a 
decision on the next city that we will do our pilot in the latter half of this current fiscal year. 
Now, I’d also like to highlight our extended Eastern Suburbs: 
The township projects of Palava and Upper Thane. As you may be aware, there is a significant 
amount of infrastructure upgradation work which is now approaching completion in this location. 
We expect the Airoli-Katai freeway to be operational in the second-half of this fiscal year and next 
year we expect the Navi Mumbai Airport to start to become operational and be fully operational in 
2026 and thereafter in the later part of the decade, we will have the bullet train which connects BKC 
to Ahmedabad, and the first stop after BKC will be at Palava. 
With this, we aim to develop the premium housing market in Palava in addition to the current focus 
on mid-income housing. And that strategy has now consciously being implemented over the second-
half of the last fiscal year and in this quarter. In this transition, we are focusing on certain types of 
product and are reducing our focus on certain other types of product. And we expect that for the full 
year, we will deliver about 20% growth in Palava and Upper Thane in line with our medium-term 
guidance of growing sales in Palava and Upper Thane from Rs 2,300 crores for Fiscal ‘24 to Rs 8,000 
crores by the end of the decade, which is a CAGR of about 20%. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
We believe that Palava and Upper Thane provide an amazing opportunity to create a new urban center 
for the Mumbai region and a standard of how urbanization should be done in India and become an 
example for the entire country. 
We are pleased to inform you that HDFC Bank, India’s largest private bank, has recently opened its 
residential training center. It’s an iconic building where they have the capacity to train about 300 
employees at the time. That center was recently inaugurated by the Managing Director of HDFC 
Bank, and we are very pleased that they have made such a large and substantial investment in Palava 
and built a building of truly global standards. 
We also have the Jupiter Hospital Group, now constructing its largest facility in the country in Palava, 
which is a 400-bed facility, and there is also a second hospital under construction. 
So, overall the level of activity in Palava and Upper Thane is gradually and significantly increasing. 
The warehousing and industrial parks are also shaping up well. And we expect that this part of the 
business will contribute significantly to value creation in the course of the coming years and will 
deliver strong sales and underlying EBITDA performance. 
To conclude my comments, now I will just highlight the key aspects of the P&L: 
As I mentioned earlier, we are now having revenue recognition on a project completion methodology 
for sales done up to 31st March ‘23 and thereafter for sales done after that date, we are following the 
percentage completion methodology for revenue recognition. 
Basis this methodology, our revenue for the quarter came in at about Rs. 2,847 crores, which is 76% 
YoY growth, our adjusted EBITDA was about Rs.959 crores and our PAT for the quarter was about 
Rs.476 crores, tripling on a like-to-like basis over the previous period. Of course, as I’ve highlighted 
in the past, the P&L for this year as well as the next two years is not a very accurate reflection of our 
underlying performance but will become much more closer to our underlying performance as we 
fully migrate to the percentage completion methodology of revenue recognition. In the interim 
period, we would request everybody to focus on our pre-sales and the embedded EBITDA of those 
pre-sales as better proxy of our performance and an indication of what is happening in the 
marketplace. 
With these remarks, I now hand it over to our Chief Sales Officer – Mr. Prashant Bindal, who is 
joining us on this call to speak about our sales momentum and the on-ground demand conditions. 
Over to you, Prashant. Thank you. 
Prashant Bindal: 
Thank you, Abhishek. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
As Abhishek mentioned, on the ground, we are witnessing a very continued strength in the housing 
demand from the end users. And within that, the demand for the quality product from branded 
developers is even stronger. And this is across the geographies and across the segments. And as 
Abhishek pointed out, our biggest strength is our predictability and our consistency. We promised 
20% growth for the full year in our full year guidance and in our Q1, we already delivered Rs 4,030 
crores, which was in excess of 20% growth, and also a second consecutive quarter of more than Rs 
4,000 crores. So, that shows both the consistency as well as the predictability that we were talking 
about. 
And the strength in the business is coming in large, uniform across mid-income, premium as well as 
the luxury segment. And within all these segments, we see a very consistent, continuous 
premiumization trend that is happening, for example, even in aspirational segment, the consumers 
are moving from 2BHK to 3BHK and in the premium segment from 3BHK to 4BHK. 
And Lodha, by virtue of being present across all segments, coupled with a very strong brand pull, is 
a big beneficiary of that industry dynamic. As you are very well aware that we are very granular in 
approach when it comes to pre-sales and do not excessively depend on any particular segment, be it 
location or any one launch or any geography. Our pre-sales have come mainly through nearly 40 
different projects spread across micro markets and segments. And this gives us enough data in terms 
of what kind of consumers are coming, how many consumers are coming, what kind of conversion 
is happening to give us a very basis to give the confidence on the strength of the demand and how 
we operate across all these segments. 
The competition in our market remains benign and rational as it is largely led by consumer affinity 
towards the stronger and trusted brands. There is a great desire of consumers to buy a Lodha property 
and we have seen that across the new geographies that we have come in, whether it be in Pune or 
Bangalore and even in Bombay and in MMR as we go across other geographies. 
The consolidation in the industry is another very important trend. By some estimates in the market 
of MMR, the contribution of the branded player, the large player is still 25% to 30%. And in our 
view this number could easily reach to 40% to 45% by the end of the decade, as the weaker player 
with no brands keep exiting the space. This will keep the industry structure good for the branded 
developers like us and very good for the consumers because the consumer expectation is a great 
quality product and product on time. And for that you need resources, you need expertise, you need 
that operational strength. And I think Lodha as a developer, we provide everything on that regard. 
Another highlight of this quarter for us has been that we crossed Rs 1,000 crores of pre-sales from 
Pune, where we only started expanding less than three years back. Abhishek pointed out the pilot that 
we are doing in Bangalore. We started this pilot of expanding in Pune about three years back. And 
within three years, from less than Rs 250 crores sales in FY’21, we have achieved Rs 1,000 crores 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
business in a single quarter and that shows how our sales machinery works in the expansion stage. 
We clearly see ourselves achieving over Rs 3,000 crores of sales from Pune this year and become 
among the top three players in the city and potentially we hope to be the largest player in the coming 
two to three years in Pune. 
We have significantly scaled up our sales team in Pune as well as boosted our network of channel 
partners in the city. We have more than 500 channel partners that we have engaged in Pune. Just to 
give an idea, we have nearly 4,500 channel partners that we engage in MMR, and we have already 
reached 500 channel partners in Pune. So, Pune just provides us the template to grow in the newer 
cities and which we hope to replicate in Bangalore over the next few years. We clearly see that 25% 
of our pre-sales is now being contributed to the new geographies, that is excluding MMR and that 
makes us even more diversified and a more consistent and a predictable player. So, as you know, we 
have guided to grow our pre-sales by 20% for the full year and achieve Rs 17,500 crores, we can 
look at a growth mainly coming from three different elements; 6% to 7% coming from pricing, 3 to 
4% to be delivered by volume growth at the same location and 10% to 15% to be delivered by adding 
of new locations. So, in this way we need to add five more projects on the base of the 40 projects that 
we have had last year. So, you will see that by the end of the year, we have about 45 projects in the 
system and a few launches coming up mainly in the second-half and which gives us a significant 
portion of pre-sales. So, this gives us the confidence that whatever guidance that we have given for 
Rs 17,500 crores, we are fairly confident that by the end of the year we should be there. 
Thank you. We can now open the Q&A queue. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Kunal 
Tayal from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Abhishek, my first question is on the diversification strategy. If I could ask what have been your sort 
of key observations from the Bangalore pilot and does it lead you to a conclusion that geographical 
diversification is absolutely worthy, and what are some of the typical risks that need to be actively 
managed as part of the strategy? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi, Kunal, great question. Our learnings from the Bangalore pilot is that investing in building the 
local operating team, having a strong leadership and inculcating the same culture that we have 
centrally, are all very important parts of the long-term sustainability from an internal perspective. 
From a more market perspective, we believe that the consolidation in the industry and the desire for 
a higher quality of life are integral to the Indian consumer. Given the state of urban infrastructure 
where you live makes a big difference to how you live. And therefore, given Lodha’s track record in 
not only creating some of the world’s finest developments, but also managing them well and actively 
maintaining hospitality standards which are significantly sought after by consumers and therefore 
our brand has a significant pull factor even in markets where we have earlier not operated in. Having 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
said that, we believe that the slow and steady strategy is the right strategy for us. We do not want to 
go into too many markets. We are very comfortable. As we discussed earlier that the three markets 
that we are operating in right now, which is Mumbai and Pune and potentially scaling up in Bangalore 
once we come to conclusion on the pilot by the later this year, will be a significant support to our 
goal of long-term pre-sales growth of 20%. We will of course look at more pilots in the coming years, 
but we do not see that we need to be in many, many cities to deliver on our growth plans. 
Kunal Tayal: 
And then just a quick follow up on the rest of FY’25. How are you thinking about business 
development for the remainder of nine months? I know you said in your opening comments that the 
pipeline is generally strong. And then just on the matter of detail part of it, are you breaking out how 
much could land sales contribute to the annual target? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi, Kunal. Once again, great question. But in terms of business development, yes, the pipeline is 
quite robust. Last year, we over-delivered on our business development goals and we continue to 
maintain our guidance for this year. The pipeline is actually quite strong. So, there is no reason why 
we shouldn’t be able to or even somewhat exceed our guidance. In terms of our overall sales mix, we 
don’t break it out by segment as where we said those will keep varying from quarter-to-quarter and 
year-to-year overall in terms of what we provide guidance on is our overall sales, pre-sales and the 
embedded EBITDA of those pre-sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet: 
My first question is if you can talk a bit about the business development that you did in this quarter, 
was it more of the nature of JV, JDS own land, how do you intend to approach this getting into the 
rest of Fiscal ‘25 and how are you thinking about the redevelopment opportunity in Mumbai and your 
role there? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi, thank you for that question. In terms of business development, we continue to look at both joint 
development as well as outright opportunities. We are focused on making sure that we deliver on our 
ROE targets while ensuring that our levels remain very conservative, and within those two constraints 
we look at both of those strategies, and it varies from quarter-to-quarter because sometimes things 
will culminate in one quarter, sometimes they will go over to the next quarter. So, I don’t think the 
quarterly number on the breakup between the two is important. But over the medium term, we like 
to have our sales come at approximately 60% from the owned lands and 40% from the joint 
development lands and we think that we will be able to deliver that for this year and also going 
forward. 
Puneet: 
And the Rs 18 billion that you spent on the growth and development, would it be fair to say that that 
is attributable to Rs 111 billion of GDV or would you need to pay more for that as well? 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Sorry, I couldn’t understand your question clearly. Could you please repeat that? 
Puneet: 
Sorry. So, in your cash flow statement, there is an Rs 18 billion investment with respect to the GDV. 
Does it relate to the Rs 111 billion GDV that you addadded, do you need to pay more beyond this Rs 
18 billion for the GDV that you added to your books? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So, I was saying that out Rs 18 billion is not entirely attributable only to the Rs 111 billion of new 
GDV added for business development. It is largely attributable to that, but obviously we also have 
payouts done to our joint development partners from projects which we have taken earlier and other 
related expenses. So, it’s not a one-to-one correlation. And for the projects that we have added this 
quarter, we will of course have further spent also in the time to come, not that the entire spend has 
already been done. 
Puneet: 
And can you also comment a bit upon what you are seeing in terms of pricing growth in Mumbai 
market? I know you’ve been very calibrated about how you want to take that price increase. But are 
you seeing any signs of exhaustion or in your projects, at least you’ve been able to take those 
regulated price increase frequently? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I am sure you observed. Our price growth for the first quarter was at about 2% and we do think that 
the steady price growth phenomena allow you to keep compounding that price rather than do spiky 
price growth and then not be able to do much for some time thereafter. We see that price growth 
momentum at a reasonable pace is still very much there because at these price growth levels, you get 
affordability growing year-on-year. So, there is no push back on that. So, at this stage we see that our 
ability to deliver on this price growth level sort of in the mid to high single digits continues to remain 
there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Abhishek, I just wanted to ask on Palava. I think in the townships last quarter, I think you’ve given 
a 30% sales growth target, but now you are talking about 20% for the current year. So, has something 
changed there? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Good question. I think in the opening of the Airoli-Katai tunnel, it looks like it will happen only in 
Q3 or perhaps even at the start of Q4. We were earlier expecting it to be in the first half of the year. 
So, to that extent, there will be a slight impact, but in line with as you would have noticed, our overall 
20% CAGR is what we will need to deliver in order to get to Rs 8,000 crores of sales by the end of 
the decade and that continues to persist. Sometimes you will have this sort of quarter of variance on 
certain external factors, but overall, there is no change in the trajectory and actually we are quite 
pleased with over the last six to nine months as we brought in some of our premium products that 
has been received quite well in those locations. And therefore, we believe that our strategy of adding 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
premium to the mix in addition to mid income housing will help deliver on this 20% steady 
compounding at Palava. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
The premium product that we have bought in versus the one that we are also talking about, can you 
sort of give some details of where they are and what’s the pricing looking like? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So, the premium product that we are launching in Palava now is pricing at about Rs.15,000 to 
Rs.16,000 per square feet of carpet area which is 50%-plus premium to the pricing for the mid income 
product. We have launched one product what was known as Phase-I of Palava overlooking the golf 
course. The next product that we are intending to launch in that segment will be overlooking a large 
riverfront park, which will happen in the second-half of the year. We’re looking at locations which 
are premium locations within Palava and Upper Thane which has great natural ecosystem in addition 
to the overall physical infrastructure that we have created, and we are seeing good traction. Earlier, 
we had launched the villas which are plotted lands which were sold by us and then we had the buyers 
construct the villas and that has also done very, very well. So, if we bring in a steady stream of high-
quality product, differentiated product in terms of its amenities and sizing as well as location, there 
is already good demand for it, and in the second-half of the year, as the Airoli-Katai tunnel opens up, 
we expect that demand to fructify into stronger sales. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, secondly is on the retail. You detailed a pipeline this time in presentation on slide #20. So, a) can 
you describe where is this high street retail located and b), any timeline for this? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
You’ve picked up an important point of our strategy around annuity income. As you know, we are 
targeting an annuity income of about Rs.5 billion per annum by Fiscal ‘26 so that we can cover all 
our interest costs from annuity income. The high street retail location which are shown on Slide #20 
are under construction right now and will be ready in Fiscal ‘26 and partly before that and partly 
maybe in Fiscal ‘27, but with the sort of average of Fiscal ‘26, all of this is already under-construction 
across the various residential sites that we have. We take parts of those locations and convert which 
are sort of having good prominent road frontage and are doing high street retail development there. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Maybe one question is for Mr. Bindal as well. Just wanted to ask if you know you can help us with 
the recent trends on footfalls and the conversions at the site? 
Prashant Bindal: 
See, in Q1, we had almost 24,000 walk-ins happening. But the most interesting part was that our 
conversion was almost 8.2%. If we compare it with over the quarter-to-quarter, just to give an idea, 
last year the same quarter the conversion was about 7.3%. 7.3% to 8.2% may look innocuous but it’s 
a 12% swing and that has played a very, very important role in our overall growth of about 20%. This 
conversion has been a consistent growth. Imagine it moved from 7.3 in 7.2 in Q1 last year to 7.4, 7.6, 
7.8 and now it has finally crossed the 8% mark. I think this is a very, very healthy trend. And this 
kind of conversion, if you believe, although the 10% is the Holy Grail, hopefully if we continue with 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
this trend in next 18 to 24 months, we hope to be as close to 10% mark. But the first goal is if we can 
take it from 8% to 9%, I think that itself will be a very, very healthy trend. So, that’s a very positive 
sense. Because we keep on analyzing the consumer behavior, the shift within the premium segment, 
that’s what I mentioned in my call also that moving from 2BHK to 3BHK, 3BHK to 4BHK, because 
that is what the consumer trend is very clearly showing. So, if we’re able to understand the consumer 
behavior very quickly and in terms of diversification of the geographies also perhaps we go into very 
detail into the consumer behavior what is required in terms of say for example just to give an idea in 
Bombay, the size of the kitchen was very important, in Bangalore, the size of the living room becomes 
very important and in Pune, most of the consumers are working couple. So, these kind of details 
when we get into and prepare a design accordingly, and source accordingly, that plays a very 
important role in the overall conversion and walk-in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My first question was on the Palava premiumization strategy. Just trying to understand the thought 
process there because we do feel that the falling interest rates or declining interest rates would benefit 
mid income category, and also this in conjunction with say the Government announcement of 
spending about Rs.2.2 trillion towards like urban households. I am assuming that the CLSS scheme 
till the time it was operational would have benefited some place like Palava. Just moving away from, 
say, mid income to getting a little more premium, it sounds a little counterintuitive. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi! Yes. I think if the strategy was to move away from mid income towards premium, it would 
definitely be I would say not only counterintuitive but also would not make as much sense. Our 
strategy is slightly different, and I will try to articulate it a little better. Our strategy is to add premium 
product in addition to our mid-income segment. It is not replacing our mid-income segment, it is 
additive, it is taking advantage of the improvement in infrastructure in the country. our strategy is to 
add premium product to our existing mid-income strategy. We do believe that our entry level mid-
income product is to our compact 2BHK product will benefit significantly from the reintroduction of 
the CLSS Scheme, as well as from the reduction in interest rates, which we think are likely over the 
next six to 12 months. Having said that, the premium strategy is really a play on the infrastructure 
that we have created and the quality of life that we have created in Palava and benefits from the 
infrastructure of connectivity, which is coming through at that location. This I can say is similar to 
the evolution of Gurgaon, for the NCR, which earlier started off as a lower mid-income and then a 
mid-income location and over time has become a premium location, driven by the same factors of 
good connectivity, job creation as well as high quality of life. So, we see that we will be playing both 
in the mid-income segment as well as the premium segment. If the question specifically raised to our 
strategy to moderate our presence in the Crown segment, that really has to do with the fact that we 
believe that our entry level product is best served by taking advantage of the compact 2BHK and 
higher rather than having the very small 1BHK product, and that is a conscious call in terms of the 
kind of mix of consumers that we expect would be best to be living in Palava. 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My second question was on our cash flows this quarter. Your cash flow from operations was slightly 
lower this quarter. If you can give some drivers behind that and how should we look at this number 
going ahead considering our guidance of Rs. 6,500 crores for the year? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes, I think that’s a pertinent observation. The cash flow for the quarter was lower or is lower than 
the average that you would see out of the Rs 65 billion on a quarterly basis. On account of the fact 
that it’s a cycle, we have ramped up construction spend significantly and generally the first quarter 
of the year tends to be slightly lower on collections because there’s summer vacations and people 
travel a bit. So, all of those factors come into account. Even generally if you take a look at historical 
periods, our operating cash flow tends to be significantly loaded towards the second-half of the year 
and we expect the same trend to continue for this year. So, the first half of the year will be lower on 
operating cash flow, the second-half of the year will be higher on operating cash flow, but we remain 
on track for the guidance of about Rs 65 billion of operating cash flow that we gave at the start of the 
fiscal. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
One kind of an historical question, like in the past, I am just highlighting the illustration that you’ve 
given in your presentation about like the LTCG impact. We have seen that in the past, like if the 
pricing growth has been kind of tepid, the new regime would be adverse in terms of taxation for the 
customers. And with the with the 6-7% kind of a pricing growth that we expect annually, would this 
regime be beneficial overall for the Mumbai market or this would impact demand in some way? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We of course take into account the fact that the removal of the indexation benefits means that the 
nature of taxation has changed. We also believe that consumers, when they are buying homes, are 
looking at homes as end users who are looking to buy for the long-term and are not really driven 
doing this token of tax considerations. Having said that, the fact that the tax rate is now in line with 
all other financial assets, makes real estate, I would say, as an attractive asset. The total return as you 
would see from our slide 4 generated from real estate is close to 9%, 10% on a post-tax basis, which 
is much higher than any other asset class which has fixed income or low capital risk characteristics. 
So, all in all, we believe that the new regime as I mentioned in my remarks, is beneficial for primary 
sellers on account of the fact that it is lower over the sort of rate of taxation, even though indexation 
benefits have gone away, plus, the fact that those who are reselling homes will reinvest a higher 
proportion of their accrued gains to minimize their tax liability. So, generally we see no adverse 
impact from these long-term capital gains and there will be some winners and some losers, but on an 
overall net basis, it’s a net positive in our case. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just to follow up on that, how many of our customers are generally upgrading or selling their existing 
homes and then buying into our projects, any percentage would we have? 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We know what percentage of the first-time home buyers, but whether they are selling their existing 
home or whether they are keeping their existing home and buying a home with us is not a data point 
that we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just a question related to our legacy strong markets like the South and Central and Thane. Palava, we 
discussed in detail. But for these two markets, the growth last year was around 10%, 12%, right? Do 
you think now these markets are kind of saturating in terms of contribution and for the market share 
gain won’t be possible in these micro markets considering our position there or you still think that 
there are, certain pockets in which we don’t have projects and we can grow further and gain the 
market share to contribute 20% growth from these markets as well? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi, Pritesh. Thank you for that insightful question. In terms of South-Central Mumbai, as you know 
it’s a very large geographical market and there are pockets where we will start actually being present 
and continue to remain present at our new pockets where we are gaining presence or adding projects, 
and there are of course some pockets where we are completing projects and therefore will have lesser 
presence for the short-term while we look at replenishing the land. But overall, at the level of the 
market, we do believe there are opportunities to grow and expand and the market will provide a 
decent level of growth going forward. Obviously, some of the newer markets provide a much higher 
level of growth or the markets where we have had lesser presence or are underpenetrated, provide a 
much higher level of growth. But we do expect that South Central Mumbai will continue to remain 
a positive growth market for us on the back of the market, expanding our brand positioning in the 
market, plus the opportunity to add some new locations. In terms of the Thane market, once again, 
it’s a market which is wide, it’s broad, it’s a market where there is a high degree of competitive 
intensity. We have largely been present historically in the northern part of the Thane market, which 
is the north of the Ghodbunder and have had very little presence in the southern part of the Thane 
market and we do see some opportunity as we add projects in the southern market, we add a certain 
part of the Thane market, we added two projects last year to gain some growth there. So, Thane as 
the market once again we see that we are not fully penetrated and there will be some growth coming 
from that. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
In terms of Pune, we had a strong quarter. Would you consider it as just one-off because we had a 
great launch there or we can actually look at this Rs 4,000 crores kind of a run rate on annualized 
basis this year itself? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
As we have said in many different contexts, we don’t read so much into one quarter. Ours is a 
diversified granular business. We can’t take the number for one quarter and extrapolate it into four 
for the full year. Having said that, we expect meaningful growth in Pune this year. We did under Rs 
2,000 crores of sales last year and we do expect that that number will get closer to Rs 3,000 crores 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
for the full year. So, our expectation is closer to Rs 3,000 crores, not Rs 4000 crores for Pune for this 
fiscal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And one last is on the embedded EBITDA margin performance. So, in this quarter was 33%, last 
quarter, which was 31%, while our guidance for the full year FY’25 is still 31%. So, again it was just 
more to do with the mix of sales during the quarter, which led to the embedded EBITDA margins or 
we should see this improvement going ahead and eventually it would flow down in your guidance as 
well? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
As I said, reading too much into one quarter would not be prudent, but yes, there is some upward 
positive bias towards the embedded EBITDA margin. We want to sort of see how that pans out over 
the next quarter or so before we sort of start seeing how that would reflect in our long-term guidance. 
But yes, I think while the mix of sales has had a contribution to make, but even add this about 6%, 
7% price growth, we see that EBITDA margins move up modestly, and we do think that in the course 
of the decade, we can move from the low-30s towards the mid-30s in terms of our underlying 
EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Khandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
P Khandpal: 
Abhishek, earlier in the call, you spoke about adding new locations. You are evaluating a couple of 
new locations. Just wanted to understand which part of India you are looking at and what kind of 
potential sales you are looking to do from these locations in the next to three to five years? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
In terms of our evaluation, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are approaching the end of our pilot 
phase in Bangalore and we are hopeful that in the course of this fiscal year, we’ll be able to confirm 
that our pilot has successfully concluded and we are now at a stage where we feel comfortable in the 
Bangalore market to expand our presence there. In line with that, we are also studying any new 
markets, new cities that we can start a pilot process, because that process for us is a six to 12 months 
study process and then a three-to-four-year pilot process. So, it’s a fairly long process that we follow 
before we make substantial commitments in any new city. Having said that, we are currently 
exploring a couple of cities and hope that in the course of this year we’ll be able to conclude on any 
of those cities we want to start our pilot in. Over the next three years, we don’t expect this new city 
to contribute any significant amounts in terms of our overall pre-sales. Pilot phase by definition is an 
exploratory phase and therefore we don’t expect any substantial contribution from the new cities. For 
the next three years, you should focus on Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore as the drivers of our 
performance and growth. 
P Khandpal: 
Second question is on capital allocation. So, given that we have a mix of JDA and outright which we 
have laid out, but in case if we get say a large opportunity where the big cheques has to be written, 
so say 2,000 or 3,000 crore cheque, maybe a 10-year kind of a project, so how flexible or open we 

 
Macrotech Developers Limited 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
are, what quantum do you think can go in large writing large cheque given we have a strong balance 
sheet now? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
While we consciously work towards a strong balance sheet, we are also very prudent in terms of our 
capital allocation and risk appetite. As I mentioned and Prashant also mentioned, our focus is on 
diversified granular growth rather than just having from one chunky growth and we like to cap any 
single location exposure to about 5% of our networth in general, in exceptional cases it may be 
slightly higher, maybe 6-7%. But we are really not in a position where we want to go out and allocate 
huge amounts of capital to single location. 
P Khandpal: 
Single location or you mean a single project, I mean, could it be a single land? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I should have said, single project. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of the question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Kumar for closing 
comments. 
Anand Kumar: 
Thank you, everyone for joining the call today. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. 
If you have any further questions or would like to have any additional information, we would be 
happy to be of assistance. Feel free to reach out to the IR team for the same. And on behalf of 
Macrotech, I once again thank you for taking the time to join us today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Macrotech Developers, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
