~'-'~1<1el~ IBlfl-ie.~ 
(1ffi'o~q,J~) 
MSTC LIMITED 
(A Govt of India Enterprise) 
CIN: L27320WB1964GOI026211 
e-assuring 
iNDIA 
MSTC/CS/SE/560 
22nd August, 2024 
1. The Dy. Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001. 
(Scrip Code: 542597) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
2. The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
(Scrip Code: MSTCL TD) 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/Analyst on Wednesday, 14th 
August, 2024 at 12:00 Noon. A copy of transcript of conference call held with the 
Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith for your information and records. 
Copy of aforesaid transcript is also hosted on company's website www.mstcindia.co. in. 
Encl: as above 
www.mstcindia.co.in / www.mstcecommerce.com 
~ 
cf>llficllf : ~ 
~- ~ 
18/2 lflll x-1'. 175 ~ 
~ 
1 ~ ~cli3r-t cnlC'lcf>kll 700156 "CJ."ff. 
Regd. Office : Plot No. CF18/2, Street No. 175, Action Area lC,New Town, Kolkata-700156 W.B. 
Ajay 
Kumar Rai
Digitally signed by 
Ajay Kumar Rai 
Date: 2024.08.22 
18:25:04 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“MSTC Limited 
1QFY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal, Chairman and Managing Director- MSTC Limited 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar – Director (Finance) – MSTC Limited 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai- Company Secretary – MSTC Limited 
 
MODERATOR:  
Mr. Deep Modi – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 

 
Page | 2  
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to MSTC limited Q1 FY24- 25 
conference call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Deep Modi from Equirus Securities. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you, Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome all 
to Q1 FY 24-25 Earnings Conference Call of MSTC limited. From the management we 
have with us today, Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Subrata Sarkar, Director (Finance) and Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai, Company Secretary. We 
will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management, and then we will 
open the line for Q&A and I now hand over the call to Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal, 
Over to you sir. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Good morning, everybody. Welcome to MSTC. In the consolidated figures for this 
quarter, there has been a slow but steady increase in overall revenue and the PBT 
there in as far as MSTC standalone performance is concerned. The volume of business 
excluding E-procurement had shown a 15%  increase year on year over the same 
quarter. However, total operating revenue on a standalone basis for MSTC has 
dropped by about 15% year on year, mainly on the e-commerce front. Income from 
marketing and other income has remained largely flat. Total expenses have also 
remained consistent and flat, considered year on year or sequentially, and total PBT 
has therefore been lower as proportional to the operating revenue. Since we have 
shifted to the new tax regime with effect from FY 24. The total tax impact has been 
reduced, and the PAT is therefore at almost similar levels, in fact marginally lower 
than the same levels of the previous year on year quarter despite a weaker revenue 
stream. Now, as far as the revenue stream is concerned, this has been impacted 
mainly because CIL that is Coal India Limited, which was hitherto a major client for 
us, has now shifted its entire coal auction and linkage auction work to its own portal. 
This has impacted our revenue stream. However, alternate revenue streams are 
vigorously being followed up and we expect to see positive results from Q3 onwards. 
Apart from this, I am glad to share that MSTC was asked by the Ministry of Steel to 
develop the ‘SIMS’ The Steel Import Management System, version 2.0. The previous 
version had been developed by DGFT and NIC. Now this was a 100-day agenda item 
of the government. Despite the fact that normally such projects gestation period is 
about 9 to 10 months to one year, MSTC could develop this and bring it online in 
two months. This was inaugurated by the Honorable Minister of Steel at the end of 
last month. Similarly, another portal for auction of timber has been developed for 
Chhattisgarh State and inaugurated day before yesterday. This should also have a 
significant impact on the entire process of physical auctions going over to the digital 
form in forest produce and timber in a very major way. Now for a brief rundown on 
the financials, I would request Mr. Subrata Sarkar our Director Finance to brief. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Good afternoon, everybody. So, as already mentioned by our CMD sir, it was little bit 
down as our revenue stream is concerned and almost flat in the PAT. So let me give 

 
Page | 3  
you the snapshot on quarter-to-quarter basis, quarter one to quarter one of last year. 
So total revenue is Rs. 86.01 crores as compared to Rs. 100.63 crores, that is down by 
14%. So the main impacted area is the e-commerce, which is down by 15% from Rs. 
94 crores to Rs. 79.46 crores and EBITDA, of course, has come down from Rs. 72.27 
crores to Rs. 56.87 crores, and PBT from Rs. 70.56 crores to Rs. 54.48 crores, and profit 
after tax from Rs. 44.57 crores to Rs. 40.46 crores, and of course, EPS from Rs. 6.33 to 
Rs. 5.75. And in the segmental part, what we can say there is a breakup of E-
commerce part, so this Rs. 79.46 crores comprises of, E-auction/E-sale of Rs. 58.75 
crores, E-procurement Rs. 2.80 crores, and other income is Rs. 20.04 crores. Last year 
E-auction/E-sale was Rs. 71.22 crores, so that's a decline of around 17%. And with 
the expenses remaining on the flatter side, profit before tax came down from Rs. 
70.56 crores to Rs. 54.48 crores and PAT from Rs. 44.57 crores to Rs. 40.46 crores. The 
consolidated forms a very good performance coming out of FSNL. They have 
compensated that part of MSTC, and the revenue has gone up from 199.76 to 208.53 
crores, and you can see that Scrap recovery and allied job, which pertains to our 100% 
subsidiary FSNL, from 99.12 crores it has gone up to 122.53 crores. So, EBITDA has 
gone up from 86.02 to 88.71 crores, and PBT has gone up from 80.56 to 81.97 crores, 
and PAT has gone up from 50.61 to 61.90 crores, a significant increase of 22.31% on 
a group as a whole basis. Although the JV company which is a part of MSTC 
consolidated figures has incurred loss. And so far as breakup is concerned, revenue 
from operations in the standalone basis, it is 69.04 from 82.34 crores. Other income 
remained flat at 16.96 crores as compared to 18.29 crores. Employee benefit, of 
course, not a significant increase from 20.82 to 21.72 crores, and with that total 
expenses remained at 31.53 crores as compared to 30.07 crores. And of course, with 
that effect, the carry forward of that, decline in the 16% revenue, so PBT has declined 
from 70.56 to 54.48 crores and PAT from 44.57 to 40.46 crores. And in the 
consolidated form, of course, total revenue has gone up from 199.76 to 208.53 crores, 
and total expenses has gone up from 117.98 to 125.36 crores, marginal increase. And 
PAT has gone up from 50.61 to 61.90 crores. So that's all from our side, thank you 
very much, and over to you. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you very much, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. 
Participants are requested to use headsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Mr. Saurabh Ginodiya from SMIFS Limited, please go 
ahead. 
  
Mr. Saurabh: Yes, very good afternoon to the entire team. Sir I have three questions from my side. 
First is like we have made certain amendments in our object clause where we have 
inserted certain objectives like data center and recycling. So just wanted to 
understand what exactly are you planning to do in those segments. If you can throw 
some light on that? And when can we expect some kind of revenue inflow from these 
verticals? And what are the Capex requirements in these new segments? This is my 
first question. Should I ask my second question, or you want to reply on this first 
please? 
 

 
Page | 4  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Yes, you can ask, Please ask your questions and then I'll like to take it one by one. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: My second question is to Mr. Ghoshal Sir, you had joined this company sometime in 
January, so it has been now seven months since you are looking into the business of 
MSTC, So just wanted to get your sense, how has been the experience and what is 
your 3-to-5-year vision for MSTC? And third point is a suggestion from our side that 
if we go to the presentation, honestly speaking, this presentation doesn't add much 
value to us because the kind of data which one requires to make an informed decision 
and investment in the company, that kind of data is not available on the presentation. 
So, we would request the management to give certain more backup in terms of 
different sector wise revenue on your e-commerce vertical, so that we can have some 
more clarity on the business and better understanding of the business, so this is my 
suggestion. 
  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  Right, So if I can take the questions one by one, we had some time ago, in fact, about 
a year ago, thought that there would be certain areas of new business where we 
would be constrained unless we had a broad enough mandate through our articles 
and memorandum of association. So data center is a logical extension because we 
already have our own data center. And therefore, there would be possibilities that 
may come up for organic growth of adding on to the work that we already have of 
hosting our different client’s data on our own servers. So putting that in as a part of 
our MOA was essentially considered as an enabling provision. Now, as far as Capex 
is concerned, we have traditionally been an asset light company, and that is the way 
that we are going to be. But as far as expenditure on either hardware or software of 
this nature is concerned is not particularly asset heavy. So yes, it would not be 
significant. It would not be significantly higher than what is the normal level of Capex 
investment that we are going in, going through at this point of time and, looking at, 
additional business coming in from things like virtual data rooms, data centers would 
be something that we would examine in the future. But as far as, opening that door 
is concerned to have an enabling provision, yes that was the underlying thought of 
changing it in the MOA. Now, as far as the recycling part is concerned, that is 
something that we are already into through our joint venture. And again, this is an 
enabling provision which if an opportunity, suitable opportunity comes up in the 
future, this would enable us to have a quick mover advantage. And therefore, that 
was considered a wise thing to also have in our MOA. As far as the experience of the 
first seven months is concerned, it has been a great learning experience because this 
is a sector which is very different from the nuts-and-bolts sector that I have worked 
in for a large part of my career. It is, It gels in very well with the fact that we, even in 
our traditional brick and mortar businesses, are substantial part of the work has 
been, going on to digital platforms. So as far as the digitalization is concerned, that 
has generally been embedded into whether it is transport, whether it is engineering. 
And this is a company which essentially works in transforming physical processes 
into digital processes. That's what the entire development of this company over the 
last 20 years, has been about. And this is an area where we need to leverage not only 
in standalone processes, but basically developing portals, which integrates multiple 
services for people. So that is the plan for the next 3 to 5 years, and we are looking 
at a substantial multiple increase in our overall turnover, operations revenue streams 

 
Page | 5  
and over the next five years or so. As far as sector wise revenue, I would request our 
DF to respond to that. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  
So like we always endeavor to and try to improve our presentation. It is like but so 
far, this more information are concerned. We will always try to explore, and your 
suggestion is well accepted. Let us see what we can do within the regulatory 
framework, in the future days ahead, so of course your suggestions are well accepted, 
and we appreciate the concerns of our investors. So, whatever will be done, we will 
explore it under the regulatory framework. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Yes, thank you sir. Just wanted to have some follow up, follow up thoughts on what 
you just mentioned on the data center part. So what kind of expected revenue one 
can expect from this business over the next 2 to 3 years? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  You know, for me to talk about numbers at this stage. But this, as I said, is an area 
that we are examining as to the possibilities and whatever possibilities would come 
up would naturally be taken forward. Now, putting numbers to it at this stage is not 
really appropriate. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Understood and sir, one last question from my side. Sir, if we just look at the e-
commerce vertical growth over, let's say, the last 3 to 4 years, in FY 22, this vertical 
grew by about 33%, FY 23, the growth was 19%. Thereafter, the growth rate 
moderated to about 4% in FY 24. And in this quarter, there is a De-growth of about 
16% Y O Y. So just wanted to understand what kind of targets you have set for e-
commerce vertical for this year and maybe next year. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Our overall targets would naturally be, you know, ideally a double-digit growth, that 
is of course becoming more and more difficult because of the increase in competition 
and the increase in number of players, but what we are looking at is trying to increase 
the pie itself. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Understood, Thank you Sir. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you, Ladies and gentlemen, just a reminder anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press star and one on the touch tone telephone, I will repeat, anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on the touch tone telephone. 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Prakash, an individual investor, please go 
ahead. 
 
Mr. Prakash: Hello, I want to refer to the AGM questions last year. The shareholders have raised 
very important questions about more information on the portal and I think Mr. 
Ghoshal will take care of giving more transparency and much more information to 
all the shareholders, which is not at all done being a public sector. You follow a light 
type of secrecy and remain tight lipped. You are not open to the public. Don't reply 
on the scrapping centers that we have, the scrapping center speed is very very slow. 

 
Page | 6  
Now there have been rampant rains in the whole country, and I feel because of 
rampant rains in all the states and villages of the country, minimum 2 to 3 crore more 
vehicles will be scrapped and will be ready for scrapping with our speed of work is 
very, very, very slow and they are giving no indication as to what is happening to the 
company and to the volume. This is what I want to say. The second thing is about the 
dividend. The dividend must be increased for the remaining part of the year because 
the taxation has been streamlined. So we expect better returns from the dividend. 
What about the alternative source of income? The raising of income, E e-commerce 
business, what is the development there? What are the options that we are 
developing? And selling of that subsidiary, FSNL is the subsidiary and booking the 
profit and distributing that profit to the shareholders by a large dividend one time. It 
is very essential. Every year the provision is given, Next six months, Next six months 
union will look into it will come to know when you will do but there is no 
transparency. I think the chairman and the new team, Mrs. Bhanu Kumar, will take 
some action and give some indication. They are tightlipped and they are not 
answerable to anybody. If I think, is it that you are not accountable to even President 
of India to that extent, who knows what in this country, shareholders are at the mercy 
of a public sector undertaking for years together, 15 years and 20 years is a big part 
of life in individual human life, not country life, but individual human life. So you have 
to show now the performance. And the scrapping centers, how many open, are not. 
You are very tired from that last 2 or 3 quarterly calls also, which is not correct. I feel 
so. So you must give what is happening now to the scrapping centers and the 
scrapping speed so that we can increase the opportunity and new vehicles are 
coming, and there is no indication given from the management of the portal as to 
what is happening to the company, Thank you. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Right Prakash ji, as far as transparency is concerned, it is always our endeavor to be 
maximum, to give the maximum amount of transparency that is possible. But I think 
you have been a little confused about now as far as the scrapping centers are 
concerned. They are a unit of MMRPL, not of MSTC. So, if you go to the MMRPL 
website, you will be able to find the details of the scrapping center. That is a joint 
venture, and it is not a part of MSTC directly so that is where you will be able to get 
that information. 
 
Mr. Prakash: Can I know how many established centers are going to open in the next six months?  
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: That is not something that MSTC would decide. That would be decided by the 
management of MMRPL. It has its own completely different management as far as 
MSTC is concerned, MSTC is a shareholder in the company MMRPL. 
 
Mr. Prakash: You don't make any investment in the scrapping center at all. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: MSTC, as I said, the scrapping centers are not owned by MSTC, they are owned by a 
different company in which MSTC has a stake, so I think it would be better if you go 
to the website of MMRPL, where you would be able to get much fuller details about 
this. 
 

 
Page | 7  
Mr. Prakash: Can you throw some light and give some color as to what is happening? Because our 
revenues are not increasing because of rain, the number of vehicles being scrapped.  
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: That is true, So there has been a policy framework which has been given by the 
Government of India. All those policies framework has to be implemented by the 
different states which are now at different stages. So that is one of the reasons why 
the numbers of vehicles being scrapped through the registered vehicle scrapping 
facilities has not increased to the extent that all I mean, as you would yourself have 
expected, these are all the issues which are being followed up by the Union 
government with the different states, and there is progress. And over the maybe next 
one, one and a half years, we would expect to see significant progress in this aspect. 
 
Mr. Prakash: So, the progress of how much? About at least 50-60% in volume and revenue. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  That is something that the management of MMRPL would be able to indicate, Prakash 
Sir. 
 
Mr. Prakash: Why don't you give some interview to the TV that your subsidiary company also have 
the knowledge of public investors?  
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Prakash sir, it is not a subsidiary company. It is a joint venture between us and 
Mahindra Auto Limited. 
 
Mr. Prakash: Okay. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: So sorry, Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Prakash. May we request that you return to the 
question queue for the follow up question. 
 
Mr. Prakash:  Okay okay, Thank you. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi:  Thank you, the next question is from the line of Mr. Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments, Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. I am a bit new to this company, so could you just 
take us through the three revenue streams that you have marketing, e-commerce 
and scrap recovery? I can understand scrap recovery and allied jobs, but that is your 
subsidiary company that you have. But e-commerce and marketing, what exactly is 
the revenue stream? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Yes, So thank you very much for showing this eagerness to know about our company. 
Like, traditionally we had two major wings, one is marketing, that is the trading, 
trading business. So generally, now it has been tapered down. And you can see from 
the data, that we have almost come out of that segment, except for certain business, 
which is happening traditionally, and it is backed by, any trading is backed by 110% 
bank guarantee. And to make it as secure as it can be and have no impact on the 

 
Page | 8  
financials of the company in the near future as far as realization is concerned. So, it 
is very small and insignificant part of our revenue as well as in the volume of the 
business. Now our main foray is the e-commerce segment. So basically, if you can 
see, like in the e-commerce segment, we basically are a platform, basically, we 
develop a platform to provide the E-auction services to various Governments, PSUs, 
and of course, the certain private sector players. Of course, the private sector players 
are not that much in number, but we are trying to open to them also and we are also 
pioneers in e-procurement solution. And what you can see that some of the flagship 
projects of the Government of India, like, mines and natural resources auction, 
allocation auction, and of course spectrum recently, which has happened. So that is 
our main business so far, E-commerce is concerned. So here we can we do, develop 
this E-auction platform and facilitate the e -auction of different things like scrap other 
e- materials like Mineral resources. Timber forest produces and other like spectrum, 
etc. Recently we are developing a dedicated platform, what CMD sir has told in his 
opening remarks that SIMS for Ministry of Steel, So we are into that also, So basically 
it is the mixed bag in the e-commerce part, So I hope I will be able to brief you. And 
in brief, I was able to explain to you the nature of the business that we are. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Yes, yes, I got it. So, this e-commerce revenue that you are getting is the revenue 
from whatever auctions that are carried out on the site, Right? So therefore, whatever 
you will get some percentage of the volume traded. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Not always, we have got different revenue stream. Also, sometimes we get on one 
time basis. Sometimes we get on the volume traded basis, sometimes we get on the 
turnkey basis. So, different revenue streams are there.  
 
Mr. Vinay:  Is it for this quarter, it has got reduced because of the election and what they call the 
code of conduct that was in place that you didn't have too many options. Why has 
the e-commerce, because that seems to be the biggest, other than scrap recovery, 
that is the bigger chunk of your revenue, right? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  Yes, partially, very, very partially, yes. Because of certain logistical and lifting because 
the vehicles were used in there, but partially but some part is of course, that CMD 
has explained that couple of revenue stream that we have lost, like Coal India, which 
has been now develop their own portal and doing this. So, this is a mixed effect. But 
obviously, certain customers we have lost. And for that we are trying and striving 
hard and of course, as explained, quarter three we expect that revenue streams 
should come back on line and more than make up for this by quarter three and 
onwards. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Okay, and Coal India was what part of your revenues in FY 24 last year? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  
Look actually by percentage, which is very difficult to quantify because a lot of we 
are doing the whole auction and some kind of specialized auction on behalf of Coal 
India. But like with the customer left, so some percent obviously it has impacted. 
 

 
Page | 9  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  It was a major customer. So yes, that has had a significant impact, but we should be 
able to, hopefully, make up that impact in the next couple of quarters. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Okay. Thank you. Thank you.  
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, just a reminder. Anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. I will repeat, anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Miraj from Arihant Capital, please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Miraj:  Hello, Thank you for the opportunity, Sir, Good afternoon. Just a couple of 
clarifications, because while I was on the call, my line got disconnected twice or thrice. 
So, I just want to clarify what you mentioned if it's right or not. First thing is that, 
regarding the slowness in business right now, one of the reasons is that Coal India, 
Coal India has now opened up their own portal, as they were mandated, and the 
business coming from them has stopped. This is the first thing, right?  
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Yes, that is true. 
 
Mr. Miraj:  And the other thing, regarding one of the changes in MOA that you mentioned, that, 
regarding data centers and recycling. On the data center front, you are saying 
something that it is an asset light aspect only. Can you just repeat that part as my 
line got disconnected at that point. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  So, what I was saying is that traditionally MSTC has been an asset light company. So, 
it is not that there is any kind of plan to have very massive CapEx inputs into any kind 
of, we would prefer not to, invest in major Capex unless it is something which, makes 
a huge amount of business sense or the returns are substantially, justifiable. So as far 
as data centers is concerned, we in any case, as a normal case of maintenance and 
expansion, we have our own data center. Obviously there is an element of Capex in 
terms of software and hardware, which has to be constantly upgraded and so on. So 
as far as data center, it is the enabling provision of, you know, data centers. Also, 
being a part of our MOA and as a service itself is something that we enabled so that 
if an opportunity comes across in the future, we would be well positioned to take it. 
That is what I was referring at. 
 
Mr. Miraj:  Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot for that. Just a question regarding our e-commerce 
business now. So since Coal India is now they started their own. So we have actually 
been trying to get a lot more accounts. I believe for the last 4 or 5 quarters we've 
been talking about adding more accounts. And I think in one of the quarters we did 
add a few accounts as well. Can you explain that what pillars, what verticals are we 
looking at to add more accounts? So is it regarding, you know, nationalized banks 
somewhere where, you know, we can have the auctions of the properties that real 
estate properties that they acquired. 
 

 
Page | 10  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: We have been doing the auctions of properties for nationalized banks. So basically, 
the kind of growth that one looks at is related areas. So it would not be really fair to 
ask me to specify what is the sector of the client, because that would, you know, put 
us at a competitive disadvantage. But basically, any company would want to leverage 
the kind of strengths that it already has, So there would be multiple sectors that we 
are already working in in terms of minerals, in terms of stressed assets. And it is a 
question of finding out which are other entities who would basically be looking at, 
you know, disposal of these assets and want to use a digital e-commerce platform 
for it. So that is the general direction, So that is the organic growth of, finding more 
clients or finding more entities, who are into e-commerce of the kind of things that 
we already are doing. And apart from this, we have also been working at integrating 
services. So that is a separate line of business, which would be a somewhat inorganic 
growth, which would build upon what we are doing and are developing more 
upstream or downstream activities. So that's two ways that one thinks of growing, 
which is what MSTC has also been. 
 
Mr. Miraj:  Perfect, Perfect. Understood. And so, as you were talking that a lot of competition 
has actually come in. Could you let me know who the current competition is, current 
competitors that we are facing stiff competition from. So, any like, like peers that we 
can name. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  It's not really, you know, very fair to ask me to name, but yes, there are at least 2 or 
3 major entities, in the private sector or in the joint sector, which also work in a similar 
way that MSTC is, and of course, there are multiple players who deliver the vanilla 
auction services. Of course, what we would like to think is that the total bouquet of 
services that is delivered by MSTC is not really matched by almost anyone else in the 
business. 
 
Mr. Miraj:  Okay, and just lastly, before I get back in with you, if you could let me know our net 
debt or current net debt as of Q1, and what do we plan to do with the cash that is 
available, Almost 1100 crores as of FY24. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  Yes, just now we will get back to you on the cash front because it is basically, we have 
not drawn our balance sheet as far as this quarter is concerned. So because it is 
required in the half yearly basis. So obviously, we will let you know about the cash 
and equivalent in the Quater 2 call, and by that time this year, will also get matured, 
and we will have enough opportunities for the utilization of the funds and all these 
things. A clearer outlook would be available. So we will be able to give you a clearer 
picture at that particular point of time. 
 
Miraj: Perfect, So okay. And we will converge again in Q2. Thank you so much and all the 
best for the future.  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  Thank you, Thank you very much. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi:  Thank you, the next question is from the line of Mr. Ananth from Mountain for 
Finance, Please go ahead. 

 
Page | 11  
 
Mr. Ananth:  Hello. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  Hello, Good afternoon. 
 
Mr. Ananth:   Good afternoon. Can you hear me? I just need to confirm some data point. You said 
your e-commerce segment had increased 15% in volume. However, it decreased 15% 
in value. Am I correct? 
  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: That's right! 
 
Mr. Ananth:  And are we concentrating more on the E-procurement version because I think I heard 
someone say that procurement we are pioneers, but predominantly our vertical has 
always been e-auction. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: In fact, e-procurement in terms of revenue stream has been, even though volumes 
have been increasing, the revenue stream is not a very significant or major part of 
our overall revenue stream. Most of our bread and butter and jam comes from 
auctions. 
  
Mr. Ananth:  Okay Okay, thanks. That's just another suggestion. Please, could you upload your 
investor presentation a little earlier? I mean, this time it was a half an hour call. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: We will definitely endeavor to do that. And our apologies for the inconvenience 
caused. We will certainly you know; this is we'll note, and we'll do this in time. So, we 
will definitely try to do it earlier. Noted, certainly. 
 
Mr. Ananth:  Thank you. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Hello, Mr. Ananth, your voice is not audible. As the line seems to be disconnected, we 
will move to the next question. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rajesh, an 
individual investor, please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Yes, Mr. Rajesh, tell us. 
 
Mr. Rajesh: Good afternoon, sir, am I audible? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Good afternoon, sir.  
Mr. Rajesh:  My first question is, the contribution of the private sector in the e-commerce 
business, Especially the scrap business is only 10% as per the last, you know, 
communication that we had. So why is it so low? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: I think as far as the private sector is concerned, the right people to talk about, low 
contribution would be someone in the private sector. But nevertheless, as far as our, 
take on it is concerned, is that, most competitors, whether in the private or public 

 
Page | 12  
sector, provide the vanilla auction services, basically simply the auction platform 
itself. We, as MSTC, have been traditionally providing a full array of services, right 
from helping the seller to create the auction, to create a catalog to determine what 
should be the lot size, what should be the reserve price, and so on and so forth, and 
right up to post auction activities that the seller would have to do, including the 
integration for payments and so on and so forth. So, that is one of the reasons why 
MSTC is a pioneer and has consistently been having a large market share in this 
segment. 
 
Mr. Rajesh: Despite whatever you said right now, that you, MSTC, provides an array of services. 
Again, So the question still remains, why is it that the private sector is not a big 
contributor in the scrap business? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  So that is not something that, you know, if, a seller, or a buyer essentially gets a 
higher array of services, I would think that they would basically go for that service 
provider, isn't it? Right? If I understand your question correctly. 
 
Mr. Rajesh: Yes sir, So my question was that since MSTC provides an array of services, as we just 
mentioned, why is it that the private sector is still not a big contributor. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: You are talking about private sector as a part of our business, our customer base. 
Yeah, Okay, no, I was talking in terms of private sector being also a service provider. 
So as far as the business of the private sector is concerned, most private sector 
entities have a direct 1 to 1 arrangement, which is what is substantially different from 
public sector entities or government entities which would normally go through an 
auction process. Now, what we have been trying to educate people about is that 
overall revenue realization for the private sector also would be higher to go through 
a process like this, which is what has been helping us get into the private sector and 
onboarding more and more clients of that sort. 
 
Mr. Rajesh:  Okay, All right. So, my second question would be on the car recycling business. I 
think Mr. Prakash also had some questions. If we look at the last six years or so, 
there's hardly been any contribution from MMRPL as far as the revenue is concerned 
or even as far as the PAT is concerned. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: So here, as far as the details of the business are concerned, I mean, we as MSTC is 
an investor in MMRPL. I mean, it's a joint venture. So very broadly speaking, yes, there 
has been a time required for the entire framework of a vehicle. The end of life vehicle 
recycling to get implemented, first of all, as the overall central framework, and then 
in the different states where individual enabling framework has to be put in terms of 
regulations and laws. So that has been taking a time, and that is what has basically 
led to a situation where the Unorganized sector is more by individual individuals for 
end-of-life vehicles recycling. Now, once these enabling provisions and this 
framework comes in terms of MoRTH guidelines that should reverse.  For anything 
new,  it is obviously going to take amount of time for kind of framework to get 
implemented. 
 

 
Page | 13  
Mr. Rajesh: It's already been six years Sir since MMRPL was formed.  So.. 
 
 Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: We are also looking forward to the implementation being fast tracked by the 
different, you know, entities. 
 
Mr. Rajesh: Okay, so last question, any update on the fintech business for which you had, you 
know, change in MOA? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: So that is another area where we would be examining what are the possibilities and 
as and when we come across firm possibilities, we will update our investors and our 
stakeholders. 
 
Mr. Rajesh: Okay, thank you, Thank you sir. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments, please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Yes, my question was on the FSNL selloff. Nothing has happened so far, right? No 
further. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  This is something which is being handled by the DIPAM. So, it would not be 
appropriate for us to comment on this. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Yes, but if I see the revenues from this company and the margins that contributes to 
your top line and bottom line, it's pretty significant, isn't it? So, if that gets sold off 
as MSTC we will have a setback in terms of its earnings. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  I would not like to speculate, you know, because that is as I said, I mean, the entire 
process is being decided upon and, you know, processed by the DIPAM. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  My question was slightly different. My question is knowing that this is going to 
happen once today or tomorrow or maybe five years later, whenever it happens. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  I would not presume and we should not go there. 
  
Mr. Vinay:  Let me frame my question differently. Okay, Okay, let me frame my question 
differently. I'm saying in terms of there for additional streams of revenue, One is that 
scrapping that you have, which you are saying is taking its time to develop. The other 
is the e-com revenue, which is, you know, you are trying other revenue to really grow 
that. I was told that there was some, some ticketing arrangements were done with 
Reliance Indus Tower and Tata Power earlier, any anything like that, anything with 
private sector, which the earlier question was also related to. 
 

 
Page | 14  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  We have reached out to the private sector, and we have onboarded clients in fact 
more than one client, more than one major client. And we hope that the trend will 
continue and we will be able to convince the private sector also that auctioning scrap 
or auctioning assets that they no longer use, much better option for them also. So 
this is something that our teams have been very consistently working on and we 
have had some success. We hope to have more success in the future as well. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Okay and your business, is it related only to metal scrapping, or even plastic or other 
recycling can be.. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: We are completely sector agnostic. So we have not only been, you know, auctioning 
or providing an e-commerce platform for scrap, but also for resources, for even 
intangible assets like spectrum and so on and so forth. So we are across all kinds of 
sectors, if anything needs to be sold through a process of an auction or, so that is 
something that MSTC has an expertise in creating the process and putting it on the 
digital platform. 
 
Mr. Vinay:  Okay, Thank you very much, that's all. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. Just a reminder, anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press star and one on your touchtone telephone. The next question is 
on the line of Mr. Saurabh Ginodiya from SMISF Limited, please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Yeah, so thank you for the follow up opportunity. This question is basically to Mr. 
Sarkar. After our last year’s e-commerce vertical, revenue was like 364 crores. So can 
you just broadly help us give some breakup between scrap sales, coal auction, E-
sales and other segments. A very broad breakup would be helpful. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  Yeah, I think I didn't have that handy. basically, scrap is around 50% of the total 
revenue, e-commerce revenue, It is a broader. So still it is a main breadwinner for 
MSTC, So still it is a 50% of that pie that is coming up from the E-auction. It is still 
happening and still that is being maintained almost simply for the years. 
 
Mr. Saurabh:  
Okay and what would be the revenue from Coal India contribution last full year? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  That is exactly the figure is not particularly segmented. But of course, what you can 
see the drop this year, it is basically attributed to the mainly to the revenue from Coal 
India because on quarter-to-quarter basis we have lost that particular client. So that 
is the main drop in that quarter-to-quarter basis. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Okay So sir, to point here, we as shareholders, we are quite concerned about the Coal 
business revenue which is going down. And as we had mentioned that we intend to 
make up for this lost sales from the customer maybe in the next couple of quarters. 
So just wanted to understand what is the roadmap which we have set, which will take 
care or compensate for this loss or loss in revenue from Coal India? 
 

 
Page | 15  
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: It will basically be, you know, sectors of resources and minerals, which is, as I said, I 
mean, it is an organic kind of growth of finding more customers or more clients of 
the kind of work that we are already doing. And we have certain possibilities which 
are looking good. We will update you further about it as and when we have firm 
orders. 
  
Mr. Saurabh: Okay, So what I understood is that this will be mainly driven from addition of new 
customers and new verticals. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Essentially, yes. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Okay but, Sir, any color, if you can just broadly help with some understanding, what 
are these new verticals which we are trying to explore? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  We are looking, as a set of integrated services. So basically, other than auction 
services, we were looking upstream and downstream at what else we can do to add 
value to the customer. So we would like to in fact talk about it when we roll out those 
rather than, you know, at this point of time. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Okay, So Q2 also may be impacted on the e-commerce vertical side because of the 
steps we are taking to get these losses from Coal India. Is my understanding correct? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: That may be likely. We are looking at what are the ways we can do to alleviate that in 
the short term. 
 
Mr. Saurabh: Sir whatever efforts we are doing in that direction, the full benefit can be expected 
only next year or maybe from Q3, Q4 onwards? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: It should start happening. The revenue stream should start happening from new 
initiatives in Q3 I mean, things that we are working on at this point of time, So Q3, 
Q4 onwards, there should be significant. 
 
Mr. Saurabh:  When you say significant, it will be like a double digit high, double digit low, double-
digit numbers. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: I would not like to speculate on numbers, but yes.  
Mr. Saurabh:  Okay and sir, also you can just give us some understanding regarding the scrap 
prices, how they have behaved over the last, let's say one year or so, and any outlook 
which you can share on this. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  The major indicators over the last year like year on year quarter, there would be 
probably a decrease in the prices of scrap to the extent of 6 to 8%. But by and large, 
I mean these are issues which fluctuate over the last quarter they would probably be 
an increase. And then so these are cyclic in nature. They have been over the last 
three years varying between in a range of plus minus 10%. 
 

 
Page | 16  
Mr. Saurabh: Okay and any additional outlook can you share on these prices? 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal:  It's not something that again, this is largely market driven in terms of availability 
and in terms of the demand, naturally, with a lot of circularity, being, envisaged in 
all kinds of sectors, the requirement of scrap has gone up and it will remain up 
because the amount of scrap that is available is definitely lower than what is 
required, for the ferrous industries and as well as for just about any major industry 
which has inputs from scrap as, as, input material, particularly in the ferrous industry, 
So the demand is always going to be, at least for the foreseeable future, as per 
industry projections, is definitely more than the availability. I think this is, of course, 
the long-term picture. 
  
Mr. Saurabh: Understood. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi: Thank you, this was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing remarks. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: Great, I would like to thank all the stakeholders who have taken their time out and, you 
know, every time that you ask us a question, it also makes us introspect and rethink and 
also look at what we are doing and whether we are doing it. So that guidance is always 
a very welcome thing and I look forward to your guidance, and I look forward to your 
input over the next quarters and the financial years, Thank you so much. 
 
Mr. Deep Modi:  On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines, Thank you. 
 
Safe Harbour:  
The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under 
SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the transcript, best 
efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, 
punctuation formatting, others etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or 
discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, 
viz. www. https://www.mstcindia.co.in. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
available at website of the company shall prevail. 
This discussion is based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the 
management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, 
are reasonable and may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market 
conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially 
from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation 
or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether 
arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should 
each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance 
and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they 
deem necessary. 
