 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E-Communication 
JDIL/SECT/SE/2024-25                                                                       04 August 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                          
 
Security Code: 511034                    
Security Code: JINDRILL 
 
Sub.: Transcript of earnings conference call held on 31 July 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of earnings 
conference call held on 31 July 2024. 
 
Link to access above transcript is as under: 
https://www.jindal.com/jdil/pdf-new/Transcript-of-Conference-Call-Q1-FY25-Earnings-Call.pdf   
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited 
 
 
Binaya Kumar Dash 
Company Secretary 
 
BINAYA 
KUMAR DASH
Digitally signed by 
BINAYA KUMAR DASH 
Date: 2024.08.04 16:07:37 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Jindal Drilling & Industries Limited  
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
31 July 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAGHAV JINDAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, JINDAL DRILLING AND 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. KAUSHAL BENGANI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND FINANCE, JINDAL DRILLING AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VARTATHA RAJAN – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jindal Drilling Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vartatha Rajan. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Vartatha Rajan: 
Thank you, Dale. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock 
Broking, I welcome you all to this call. 
We have from the Management side Mr. Raghav Jindal – Managing 
Director and Mr. Kaushal Bengani – DGM, Investor Relations and Finance. 
A warm welcome to the Management as well. And over to you, sir, for your 
opening remarks. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, shareholders, and thank you for joining our 
Earnings Call. 
In FY24, we improved upon revenue and profitability on account of 
deployment of all 5 rigs. In FY25, our performance will improve further, as 
one owned rig, Jindal Supreme, will be redeployed on a new contract by 
November 2024 at a higher rate. Further, we are in the final stage of 
acquisition of Rig Jindal Pioneer, which is owned by one of the joint 
venture companies, and are awaiting approval from statutory authorities. 
Our earnings will improve immediately on acquisition of the said rig. These 
two factors will influence earnings in FY25, and we remain positive on the 
same. 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
I will briefly summarize key financial indicators: 
On comparison of Q1 FY25 with Q1 FY24, revenue increased by 86%, 
EBITDA declined by 7%, PAT and EPS increased by around 15%. On 
comparison of Q1 FY25 with last quarter Q4 FY24, our revenue reduced 
by 12%, EBITDA reduced by 20% with a consequent reduction in PAT and 
EPS of around 28%. The decline in earnings is primarily attributed to 4 rigs 
being under operation in Q1 FY25 as compared to 5 rigs being in operation 
in Q4 FY24. The fifth rig is currently under refurbishment and is expected 
to be redeployed onto a new contract by the 3rd Quarter of FY25. Our 
earnings will revive from the 3rd Quarter of FY25 onwards as the rig under 
refurbishment commences operations at a much higher rate. Further, one of 
our rigs will get onto a new contract next year in FY26. Whilst there was 
cancellation of an ONGC contract earlier this year, we remain hopeful of 
redeployment of our rig at good rates in next financial year. 
I would now like to take you through our Earnings Presentation: 
The first slide is about the Company: 
We are, as mentioned earlier, are the leading offshore drilling services 
contractor in India's oil and gas sector. We have more than 35 years of 
experience, especially in the sector of offshore drilling. We are supported 
by an efficient and experienced operational and management team who 
ensure that our efficiency is not compromised and we achieve the highest 
levels of safety. 
The efficiency of our rigs in operation are in excess of 98.5% and we are 
extremely proud of that statistic. We've been supporting and serving ONGC 
for the past three decades in their drilling programs. They are our satisfied 
customer and we have always explored opportunities with them. Apart from 
5 offshore jackup rigs that we operate from time to time with ONGC, we 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
also provide mud logging and directional drilling services to the oil and gas 
sector. 
The details of the rigs on long-term contracts are given on slides 4 and 5. 
Slide 5 also talks about the prevailing order book position as on 30th June, 
2024. The rig which is going to be redeployed in the 3rd Quarter of FY25 
is Jindal Supreme and the operating day rate is $88,859. 
Financial highlights on the next slide have already been discussed. 
The temporary decline is on account of one rig being in between two 
contracts. Annual highlights are detailed on slide 8. The EBITDA mix is 
given on slide 9 in which it is clear that the rig segment contributes most of 
the profit for the Company. The borrowings are mentioned on slide 10. We 
have been net cash for quite some time. That position continues to improve 
on quarter-on-quarter basis. One term loan was fully paid on 31st May 
2024, entirely from our internal accruals. Our net cash position as on 30th 
June 24 is at Rs. 68 crores, which is an increase of Rs. 17 crores from the 
position on 31st March 24. As all rigs are now contracted at higher rates on 
new ONGC contracts, gross debt will reduce rapidly over next 12 months. 
The shareholding structure is mentioned on the next slide in which some 
marquee investors are mentioned. 
That concludes the presentation and I would now request that the floor be 
open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. First 
question is from the line of Avi Agarwal from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Avi Agarwal: 
I wanted to ask that the acquisition of one rig from JV will take the total 
number to six rigs and what would be the operating day rate for that and 
what kind of revenue or order book we can expect from that acquisition? 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The rig which we proposed to acquire from the joint venture company is 
currently deployed in Mexico at a rate of $40,000 per day. That rate is a 
bareboat charter rate, which means that no expenses are incurred by the rig 
owner. Once we acquire the rig, the contract will be assigned to Jindal 
Drilling and that contract will continue till December 2025. Just to clarify, 
the rate of $40,000 per day is not comparable to the rates mentioned in the 
earnings presentation because the nature of contracts with ONGC are 
different from the contract on which the rig is deployed in Mexico. 
Avi Agarwal: 
Okay, and post the completion of the contract, what do we plan for it? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Once the contract is completed in December 25, the rig will go for a few 
months of refurbishment and then it will be brought back to India for 
possible deployment with ONGC. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I just wanted to understand this first up Jindal Pioneer. So, when are we 
getting this? I mean, we said we are expected to deploy till September 25. 
But when the billing for it will start for us? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No, it is on contract till December ‘25, but the contract is with the joint 
venture company right now. When we acquire the rig, then the contract will 
get assigned to Jindal Drilling. From the date of acquisition of the rig, the 
contract will get assigned to Jindal Drilling. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And when is that expected? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It was expected on yesterday basis. But we have not yet received the final 
approval from the regulator. We are following up with them. We wanted to 
do it as early as possible. We still want to do it as early as possible, but we 
just have to wait till we obtain necessary approval. 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, maybe, I mean, in one to two weeks, this contract will be assigned to 
Jindal Drilling from JV Company, right? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No, I never said that. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I mean as of yesterday it was supposed to get assigned. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
On yesterday basis means that it's already delayed. We have been following 
up with the regulator for more than three months now. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, more than three months now. So, what did what it means for the 
Company? I mean ideally we already are getting 50% of the revenue 
accruing from this rig in our P&L and now we'll get 100% once it gets 
directly into our Company. So, is that the right understanding? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We follow the equity method of consolidation, so the profit of the joint 
venture is consolidated below the line. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, so this consolidation is below the line so the entire revenue will come 
and EBITDA will come. And on the bottomline, the impact could be to the 
extent of 50%? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
As of now, yes, to the extent of 49%, which is the ownership of Jindal 
Drilling in the joint venture. But if you look at our standalone financials 
and our consolidated financials, there is no impact above the line because 
of the method of consolidation that is required under IndAS. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I got a little confused here. What you mentioned is that once this JV is 
directly under Jindal Drilling, there will be no impact on the revenue or 
EBITDA because of this. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I have not said that. I don't think I can be more clear on this. Due to the 
equity method of consolidation, the profit of the joint venture, depending 
on the percentage of equity holding in the joint venture, is consolidated 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
below the line. Line wise consolidation does not take place when you do 
equity method of consolidation. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. So, line by method consolidation is not happening right now, 
but once it comes into us, the corresponding revenue and EBITDA will be 
coming to the Company. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. However, the profit of the joint venture is being consolidated below 
the line. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. Fair enough, I got it. It's very clear now. And just a 
clarification. You mentioned it's earning right now US $40,000 per day 
right? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Jindal Pioneer is currently operating at $40,000 per day. That rate is a 
bareboat charter rate, which means that almost the entire $40,000 per day 
is flowing into EBITDA. There are no expenses being borne by Discovery 
Drilling, which is the owner of Jindal Pioneer, except for certain 
administration expenses. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pinkesh Thakrani from 
ProfitGate Capital Services. Please go ahead. 
Pinkesh Thakrani: I just wanted to know about this fifth rig that is going under refurbishment 
on quarter three FY24. And you are saying that the revenues to revive from 
that. So, basically is that the ONGC one or it is connected to some other JV, 
or I just want to know about what the day rate for would be the same. What 
could be the impact on the revenues going forward? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The rig under refurbishment is Jindal Supreme. It will be redeployed in the 
3rd Quarter of FY25 at an operating day rate of $88,859. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishan Mundhra from 
Antique Research. Please go ahead. 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Kishan Mundhra: 
Hi sir, just one question from my end. So, on the order book of Rs. 2000 
crores, have you given any guidance on what would your EBITDA margins 
look like on this? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It is difficult to give guidance on quarter-on-quarter basis because when a 
contract concludes, the revenue of the rig goes away. So, margin for that 
quarter will decline as it has happened in the June quarter. Generally, we 
operate between 30 to 35 margin range if all rigs are operational. Obviously, 
rigs which are owned will generate higher EBITDA margin than rigs which 
are rented because the rental payable to the rig owner is missing in the case 
of rigs which are owned. For the purpose of your modeling, you can 
estimate an EBITDA margin of 30% to 35% based on our current blend of 
owned and rented rigs. So, two rigs are owned, and three rigs are rented. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Sehgal, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Udit Sehgal: 
I wanted to know what is the situation on the international front as far as 
the day rate for rigs are concerned because we know Saudi suspended its 
program for 22 rigs. And since then, what is the latest situation on the day 
rates? Have they gone up? Are they stable? Have they gone down? And 
secondly, when is the next ONGC tender expected? 
Raghav Jindal: 
Hi, good afternoon. So, yeah, internationally the day rates are still at the 
high level. It has not really declined. The rigs which have been removed 
from operation in Saudi will not be coming into India. So, it does not affect 
our demand. So, we expect the rate to dip slightly from our last rate because 
of higher competition, but not significantly, as it does not really affect our 
supply. 
Udit Sehgal: 
And secondly, regarding the suspension of the ONGC tender, can we expect 
it to revive back after the monsoons or is there any timeline? 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Raghav Jindal: 
Obviously the demand is there. The government wants more and more rigs 
to increase oil production. They can only increase oil production if they 
deploy more rigs. The reason for why these contracts were cancelled is 
unknown. I'm sure the demand will aggregate and there'll be a lot more rigs 
coming in in the next tender. 
Udit Sehgal: 
One more thing, just a small suggestion, I'm an investor in your Company. 
You see, some of our other competitors like GE Shipping, they are giving 
the NAV of their ships, right? Whatever the present value should be after 
getting valued. So, if we could also do if it is possible to do something of a 
similar exercise, you know the market could recognize what kind of value 
our Company holds. Just a suggestion. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Okay, we've received that suggestion earlier as well from a few other 
individuals. However, the NAV that is being given also depends on what 
could be the future cash flows generated. So, since the market has been 
quite volatile and we recently started investor engagement, we are a little 
apprehensive as to how that will work out. Whilst your suggestion is 
appreciated, we will wait for some time before we start doing that. We will 
wait for our earnings to become more stable before we go ahead and do 
that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Sir, I just have one question in this JV number, this quarter, the profit from 
JV, what is in this number? The number is a fairly high number for this 
quarter considering the two rigs and their rates that are deployed at. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The reason for the number appearing to be on the higher side when 
compared with the previous quarter was because in the previous quarter 
there was a one-time impairment in one of the joint venture companies. 
That one-time impairment having taken place, the earnings have now 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
normalized and you should expect similar numbers from the joint venture 
companies because they are operating at good rates, both the rigs of both 
joint ventures. 
Pritesh: 
So, this Rs. 40 crores per quarter run rate is what you said is a normalized 
number? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It also depends on exchange fluctuation because those numbers are in 
dollars. So, maybe if you can build some cushion for exchange fluctuation, 
then you can take a similar figure. 
Pritesh: 
So, in quarter three where you I think deployed Virtue, right in the quarter 
three? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We deployed Virtue in quarter three of FY24. So, one month, towards the 
end of October 23, Virtue was deployed. 
Pritesh: 
So, you had couple of months of Virtue in quarter three, revised rate. And 
then you had some impairment in quarter four. Because quarter three 
number was, I think, Rs. 7 – Rs. 8 crore number and quarter four was a 
minus number, so what was the impairment taken in quarter four if you 
could quantify the impairment? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We've already communicated that last time if you refer to our earlier results, 
you will see that number has been detailed in a note under the results. What 
also changed from quarter three of FY24 and quarter four of FY24 was the 
rate at which the rig in Mexico was deployed. So, till 31st December 23, it 
was deployed at $35,000 per day. That rate increased to $40,000 per day 
from 1st January 24. However, the improvement in rate of Jindal Pioneer 
and the full quarter of operations of Virtue-1 were not captured on account 
of the impairment. That impairment was around $7 million under equity 
accounting method for Jindal Drilling. 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Pritesh: 
So, it's to do with the impairment because $5,000 for 90 days just means 
about Rs. 3.5 crores number. That's not the swing number. The swing 
number is the $7 million. Can you tell what was the Virtue repricing it? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The swing number is the impairment. There is no question about it. I'm just 
letting you know that the earnings profile of Jindal Pioneer also improved 
and the earnings profile of Virtue-1 despite having improved in the 3rd 
Quarter was fully captured in the fourth quarter. Now both these two 
positive factors were more than negated by the impairment in the fourth 
quarter. But in the first quarter of FY25, all of that is fully captured and I 
think that is how the figure will reflect going forward. 
Pritesh: 
And what is the repricing in Virtue from what price to what price it got 
repriced? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
So, Virtue got repriced from around $40,000 per day to around $80,000 per 
day. 
Pritesh: 
We got a $40,000 swing. So, that also is a Rs. 30 crore number that also 
you have 50% holding in it. So, that's a Rs. 15 crore swing. 15 plus 3 crore 
comes from Pioneer about Rs. 18 crores. This is also pre-tax. So, I'm just 
wondering where did the Rs. 40 crore number come from? Is there any one-
off that you have booked in this quarter? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No. 
Pritesh: 
So, for estimate purpose we have to take Rs. 40 crore (JV profit + 
standalone) now as a number for the next four quarters? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes, but please build in some cushion. 40 does not mean 40, 40 can also 
mean 37, it can also mean 43. 
Pritesh: 
That's okay, a 10% currency swing is okay. But other than that, there is no 
one-off? 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No. 
Pritesh: 
And have you drawn down debt in the Virtue JV? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No, both joint venture companies are debt free. 
Pritesh: 
Is there any change in depreciation method by any time? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No. 
Pritesh: 
So, we are now building in a Rs. 40 crore per quarter (JV profit + 
standalone) number until you merge it. Basically once the acquisition of the 
rig happens, then the JV number goes away and it comes to your full line 
number. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes, and since you are so particular about numbers every quarter, I will also 
let you know that in standalone numbers of Jindal Drilling for the second 
quarter of FY25, earnings will decline from first quarter on account of 
refurbishment of Rig Jindal Supreme. 
Pritesh: 
There will be a refurbishment expense. And what is that expense? How 
much is the refurbishment? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are not disclosing that. Also, we are not sure the extent to which those 
expenses can be deferred and amortized for the duration of the subsequent 
contract. We are in discussion with our auditors, but that impact will be 
there in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Raaj: 
From Jindal Supreme, are we expecting an incremental sales of Rs. 100 to 
Rs. 120 crores for FY25? 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Kaushal Bengani: 
All numbers are in public domain. I think you can do the calculation very 
easily. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & 
Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir as you have mentioned that the business is from ONGC. So, there is a 
very strong client concentration although we have been maintaining three 
decades of relationship with them. So, in terms of private players who are 
there in the rig business, how do our profile of rig matches with their 
requirements in terms of the rig requirement of Reliance, Vedanta, Essar. 
How have we evaluated that aspect of business? 
Raghav Jindal: 
The private players, the contracts are usually much smaller. We have 
always preferred to go with ONGC because it was three to five year 
contracts. Obviously, you get better revenues with private players because 
it's shorter period and when I say short period, it's like sometimes it's ten 
days also. So, we have to move our way to the location, deploy, maybe 
certain times it might remain unemployed. It's always better to go with 
ONGC and we've kept that strategy. But our rigs are suited to private 
players as well. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Two more questions. You alluded to the fact earlier also that other than the 
rig which we are in the JV Company for which you took the permission 
also to purchase, that is pending I think some approvals are pending, other 
than that you are also still looking in the marketplace for rigs that matches 
your valuation parameters. So, if you could explain in terms of the rig count 
and the dynamics of the market and how.. 
Raghav Jindal: 
We will look at a lot of rigs, but none were suited to the ONGC 
requirements. Hence, we've stalled that for now because either they are too 
old or they are not as per the specifications ONGC suggests. So, unless and 

 
Jindal Drilling and Industries Limited 
31 July 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
until ONGC changes something in their specifications, we didn't find 
anything financially feasible to acquire. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And that is we had a matter with ONGC, I think is pending with Supreme 
Court wherein they have made some payment also, some arbitration is 
pending. So, any update on the same? 
Raghav Jindal: 
No, since it's undergoing, we're not really commenting on that right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We 
have reached the end of our question and answer session. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Raghav Jindal: 
It was a delight to speak with all of you. It's a nice podium to have an 
interaction and thank you all for joining in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jindal Drilling, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
