 
                 Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
                                                                                           Registered Office: 
 
                              7th Floor, Eleven West Panchshil, Survey No. 25,  
 
                              Near PAN Card Club Road, Baner, Pune – 411 069,  
                                                                                          Maharashtra, India 
                                                                                                         Tel. No.: +91 20 682 81 200 
 
                                                                           Email: contact@sudarshan.com  
                                                                                             www.sudarshan.com 
 
                              Corporate Identity No.: L24119PN1951PLC008409  
  
 
12th August, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Scrip Code – 506655 
Scrip Code NCDs - 974058 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol - SUDARSCHEM 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub : Transcript of Analysts / Institutional Investors Conference Call 
 
We 
are 
enclosing 
herewith 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
with  
analysts / institutional investors, which took place on Monday, 5th August, 2024, after 
announcement of the Unaudited Financial Results (Stand-alone and Consolidated) for the quarter 
ended 30th June, 2024.  
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully,  
For SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MANDAR VELANKAR 
GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandar 
Meenanath 
Velankar
Digitally signed by 
Mandar Meenanath 
Velankar 
Date: 2024.08.12 
11:48:37 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited Q1 FY ‘25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH RATHI - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. NILKANTH NATU - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. AMEY ATHALYE - GENERAL MANAGER FINANCE 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NILESH GHUGE - HDFC SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Q1 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by HDFC Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the "*", then "0" on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Sudarshan Chemical Industries 
Limited Q1 FY ‘25 Post-Results Earnings Call. 
The Management Team from Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited will be represented by 
Mr. Rajesh Rathi – Managing Director; Mr. Nilkanth Natu – Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Amey Athalye – General Manager Finance. 
We will start the discussion with a brief Management “Overview” on the Earnings Performance, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you, Nilesh and HDFC Securities for hosting our Earnings Calls for the Q1 FY ‘25. Good 
morning to all of you and thanks for joining us to discuss Sudarshan Q1 FY ‘25 Financial 
Results. It’s a pleasure to be with all of you.  
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These statements consider the 
environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual 
results to differ from those expressed in today’s call. We do not undertake to update any 
forward-looking statements made on this call. 
Let me begin with an important update about the changes in the constitution of our esteemed 
Board of Directors: 
Members from the existing Board, Mrs. Rati Forbes, Mr. Dara Damania, Mr. Padmanabhan, 
and Mr. Sanjay Asher are retiring from 6th August. 
On behalf of the entire Management Team, I would like to thank them for their exemplary 
contribution towards the growth of Sudarshan. I would like to welcome Ms. Anu Wakhlu,                
Ms. Bhumika Batra and Ms. Sudha Navandar, who joined the Board from 2nd August. We look 
forward to gain from their experience in our journey towards leading global pigment player.  
There are two key achievements to highlight: 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
I am happy to inform that the long-term external rating of the company has been upgraded by 
India Rating, a Fitch group company from AA(-) Stable to AA Stable. While our short-term 
rating of the company remains affirmed at A1+. This rating upgrade demonstrates strengthening 
of the business profile, improvement in the financial performance and healthy financial ratios. 
This long-term rating is upgraded in a span of three years, rising from AA (-) to AA. 
Furthermore, in the last 10 years, the long-term rating has been upgraded from A to AA, which 
is three notch up, while short term rating is upgraded from A1 to A1(+), which is the highest 
rating. This rating upgrade reflects testament of our prudent financial management practices and 
resilient business performance.  
We also wish to update that the company has recently achieved EcoVadis Gold Medal with 97 
percentile. With this rating, we join the league among the top three percentile company in the 
chemical sector. The upgrade from silver to gold is a reflection of our strong ESG value 
proposition and committed measures which are taken by the company, which will be pivotal 
going forward during our customer engagements.  
We also achieved a score B management band on CDP Climate Change and CDP Water Security 
Assessment 2023. This accolades reflects our strong focus towards ESG and our commitment 
towards sustainability.  
I will now begin with the update on the quarterly financial performance. We have uploaded our 
financial results and investor presentation on the stock exchanges, hope you have gone through 
the results.  
Quarterly performance: 
On a consolidated basis, for the quarter the total income from operations stood at Rs. 634 crores 
as compared to Rs. 608 crores for the same period last year, higher by 4% year-on-year. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 81 crores as compared to Rs. 70 crores in Quarter 1 FY 
‘24, higher by 15%. EBITDA margin is at 12.7% as compared to 11.5% over the same period 
last year. Profit after tax is Rs. 29 crores as compared to Rs. 21crores for the same period last 
year. 
Now, going into the details of our pigment business: 
For the Q1 FY‘25, income from operations stood at Rs. 589 crores as compared to Rs. 536 
crores for the same period last year, a growth of 10% year-on-year. Domestic sales for the 
quarter is at Rs. 287 crores, higher by 9% as compared to Rs. 264 crores in the same period last 
year. Export for the quarter grew to Rs. 302 crores versus Rs. 272 crores in the same period last 
year, higher by around 11 percent.  
 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
We have seen in Q1 is a normal demand increase. And normally Q4 is a seasonality effect and 
a strong quarter. We see demand improvement in the overseas geographies. After the second 
pigment player insolvency filing in April, there is a clear increase in the customer enquiries for 
samples and product approval process getting momentum. With the recently commissioned 
CAPEX, we are well positioned to capture the market opportunities in the domestic and export 
markets going forward.  
Specialty pigment sales stood at Rs. 402 crores as compared to Rs. 362 crores in the same period 
last year, higher by 11 percent. Non-specialty sales for the quarter is at Rs. 187 crores, which 
was higher by 7% as compared to the same period last year. The gross margin of the pigment 
business for the quarter is at 47.2% as against 42.9% for the same period last year, and it is 
higher by 320 basis points compared to the sequential quarter. The year-on-year increase in the 
gross margin is due to softening of the raw materials and ramp up of sales in high performance 
pigments.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 90 crores in Q1 FY ‘25 as compared to Rs. 64 crores in the 
same period last year, higher by 41%. EBITDA margin stood at 15.3% as compared to 11.9% 
over the same period last year.  
Now, coming to the balance sheet: 
The balance sheet of the company as at June 30th, 2024, has further strengthened, this is 
reflected from the improving financial ratios. The net debt of the company stands at Rs. 375 
crores in Q1 at FY ‘25, down from Rs. 395 crores in Q4 at FY ‘24. With overall better results 
from operations, the debt of the company continues to reduce and placing itself with strengthen 
balance sheet.  
Net debt to EBITDA stands at 1.28x as compared to 2.1x in Q1 FY ‘24. 
Debt-to-equity stands as 0.3x as at June 30, compared to 0.5x in Q1 FY ‘24.  
The working capital cycle has been managed as per the plan, resulting in the cash conversion 
days at 73 days in Q1 of FY ‘25 compared to 66 days in Q4 FY ‘24. Higher days is mainly due 
to planned increase in the raw material inventory, the current ratio is at same level of 1.4x in Q1 
FY ‘25 as seen in Q4 FY ‘24.  
To summarize: 
I would like to thank our customers, partners, employees, analysts and shareholders who 
contributed to and stood by us during our growth journey. We continue to leverage our strength 
and remain confident in the company’s potential to be a leading pigment solution provider to 
global players. 
With this, we can now proceed for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Congratulations on an encouraging pigment performance. So, my first question is, despite the 
gross margin jump of 320 bps, the EBITDA margin is flat sequentially. So, as we understand, 
sequentially the volumes would be lower, but why have the segment overheads, that is you know 
the absolute gross profit minus EBITDA remained flat or only increased marginally to around 
Rs. 188 crores from Rs. 183 crores in Q4? So, is there any unusual or one-off increase in any 
cost item for your segments in Q1? 
 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, there are two points. One, what we have seen is increase in the gross margin of 47% 
compared to 44% last year in Q4. However, as we mentioned earlier, the Q4 is seasonally strong 
quarter, and compared to the Q4 are fairly  like Rs. 590 crores. So, the operating leverage to that 
effect in the Quarter 1 will not get reflected, though there is an increase in the gross margin. 
Second is also on the cost side, Q1, we normally see a quarter wherein there will be threesome 
of the participation on the exhibitions which will be there in the overseas geography. So, we see 
that normalized G&A and the cost structure in the next couple of quarters.  
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, what will be the cost base, I mean, anything that you can quantify? I get your point on the 
operating leverage bit, but the only thing is that the cost has only increased. So, I mean, ideally 
it should have come down, but given the cost that you’re explaining, any quantification you can 
provide that will be really helpful. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, there’s this another point also there is we have also seen, so if you are looking at the other 
expenses in the region, there is also the impact of the increase in the exports, So, there also has 
been some part of the variability, selling variability is also there. And in terms of the exhibition 
cost, since these are event specific, case specific, I would not like to give the comment on the 
number. What I can say, it is a front-loaded in the Q1, I don’t expect that to come in the coming 
quarters. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, sir, can we say that the per kg gross margin of the gross spreads what we are currently 
witnessing would be sustainable going forward? Or can you improve from here on given the 
improvement in the product mix side and maybe some price leverage also led by the industry 
consolidation? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Nitesh, we expect this 47% gross margin to impact what we have also seen is the specialty 
pigment is growing. We have seen good traction to our high-performance pigments. So, I expect 
this gross margin to remain in this range, subject to the raw material variability what we have 
already seen in the past. So, currently the raw material prices are more or less stable. And given 
the current market scenario, I expect this should range in the similar range. 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sir, given your earlier outlook of being able to utilize the capacity in four years’ time, first,                  
I mean, any revision in terms of the guidance that we are looking given the kind of strong volume 
growth that we would be having? So, any upgrade on the guidance side that we would be looking 
at? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
This is Rajesh Rathi, I think it’s a little too early to give a guidance for that. But I think like we 
are seeing the engagement with customers, the inquiries, etc., we do feel that we will be able to 
achieve this within three years instead of four years. But I think as we progress through the year, 
we will be able to give you a better number on that. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And so just a follow-up on that. So, I mean, even if we take a four-year period to say by ‘27 we 
will be fully utilized. So, by when do we need to start working on the next leg of CAPEX? So, 
any color on there, or if you have maybe evaluated or you can give some chance? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
We don’t expect, sir, any CAPEXs in the current year. So, the board has not approved anything. 
We don’t need any CAPEXs right now currently. And anyways, everything will be Brownfield 
expansion which will probably take six months to one year. So, at that time we will evaluate 
that probably. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay, only about six months to one year would be required, fair. And sir just one last thing, so 
are we evaluating, or do we have any plan to acquire the Heubach assets in any part or the entire 
thing, any plans on that side? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, there are two aspects here. I think there are several indirect opportunities which keep coming 
to the management. We do evaluate several of them. And given the sensitivity of the 
information, can’t say anything more on this subject. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure, sir. Appreciate you answering the questions and wish you all the best for the future. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
First on the Rieco side of it. This quarter looks like it was a challenging quarter for them. We 
had losses at the EBIT level and revenues on a Y-o-Y basis have also materially declined. While 
if you look at the general capital goods industry, it appears to be very buoyant as of today in 
India. What’s happening with the Rieco and how are we evaluating this as a going concern 
entity? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
This is Rajesh Rathi. Sir, I think we are embarking now on the transformation of Rieco. We are 
working on that. We feel we will be able to build a good healthy business. Currently, there are 
a few challenges in the business which have come to this point. Going forward this year we 
don’t expect to have a negative impact on the numbers. But going forward, we would definitely 
look at, I guess, we should give it a two to three years transformation time, and the 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
transformation we’re going to kick start in September. Mr Natu, you would like to add anything 
more on Rieco? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes. Sanjesh ji, thank you for your question on the Rieco. As Mr. Rathi has mentioned that the 
current quarter has been subdued in performance compared to the last year Q1. So, last year Q1 
we had the value of the orders which were executed in the quarter. So, normally while the capital 
goods industry is also doing good and we have seen the current order book, Rieco is having the 
healthy order book and also the contribution from the order book seems to be comfortable. In 
the current quarter, the revenue has been more in line whatever has been projected for the 
quarter. But with the current cost base, this kind of revenue will always have the challenge on 
the EBITDA. What we as a management are focusing our two strategies, one is, while the 
revenue growth we have seen in the last four years, how to have the sustainable growth also in 
terms of the EBITDA. And we are working on that particular transformation project. Going 
forward, you will see quarter-on-quarter improvement in the Rieco performance. I expect the 
year-end should be positive going forward. And then the years to follow, you will see sustainable 
EBITDA improvement. That is what we are focusing as a management as far as the Rieco 
business is concerned. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
When you say you’re looking at transformation, so what are we really trying to do? Are we 
changing the product segment? Are we changing the facility? Are we changing the go-to-market 
approach? What are we really transforming in the Reco? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, first is, how do we get an healthy EBITDA, and a consistent EBITDA. So, focusing on some 
of the core processes where we can kind of increase the EBITDA on the current business. And 
a little bit of a lean approach, we see the fixed cost has swelled up a lot. That’s one. And the 
second is, then can we really build an healthy business, with a stronger top line. As I said, we 
are just launching this transformation, but these will be the top two directions. So, first is 
focusing on the current and improving the EBITDA, and then focusing on the top line. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And second on the pigment side, when we say that we are looking at a very good inquiry, 
particularly from the international market, are these inquiries for the existing product, high 
performance product or the new product which we have launched? The demand is largely 
coming from coating plastics or ink, can you give more color on the inquiry which we are 
receiving? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think the inquiries are in general more on the coatings side and plastic side. And of course, 
on plastics we were already quite strong, so the coating industry is where we are getting several 
more inquiries and engagement. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And this will be for what, high performance pigment, the new product that we have launched? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, these are these are mainly for the new products and the new CAPEXs. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Because I thought the new product is only 50% of the capacities which we have put, while the 
existing was remaining 50%, that’s what we said in the earlier calls. How is the traction from 
the existing product? Are we seeing more demand coming in from the international market? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Sir, you said that out of the Rs. 750 crores of CAPEX, 50% was for the new product, 50% was 
for the existing. When we say that there is a stronger demand which we are seeing for the newer 
product, how is the demand inquiry for the existing product where we have enhanced the 
capacity? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
It is there for both these, both the lines. So, the entire CAPEX, new products and the existing 
products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good pigment performance here. First 
question on the specialty portfolio. If I look at the last four or six quarters run rate, we have 
reported a double-digit revenue growth here, slightly ahead of the non-specialty portfolio. This 
is expected to continue going ahead as well? And a parallel question to this will be, is this led 
by the existing clients gaining more business? You gaining more business from existing clients 
or there is new client additions here as well? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Ankur ji, great question. I think it’s a combination. It’s executing our strategy right which was 
based on these new CAPEXs which we did, and changing our product portfolio to more of 
specialties. If you look at the health of the pigment industry, people with a broader  portfolio 
and a specialized product portfolio are doing well, whereas the other industries, whether it’s 
phthalocyanine or the traditional other pigments, there’s a big profit pressure. So, given our 
engagement on the new products, on all these new products and the existing CAPEXs which 
increased volume, this is where the business is coming in. It’s mainly to similar customers but 
with the broader portfolio, because we had probably one or two product customer combination 
information earlier, and now the same thing has expanded to several products with those 
customers. Sorry, did I answer your question?  
Ankur Periwal: 
Yes, sure Rathi ji. Just a follow-up there, we had expanded our distribution network to Japan, 
South America, other countries as well, and plus we had the distribution tie up in Europe.  
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Have those benefits have started coming in? And if I recollect right, we were waiting for product 
approvals from newer clients as well. So, has that benefit started coming in in this quarter or it 
is yet to come? 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, this quarter we are seeing our normal demand coming. So, we haven’t seen any demand still 
coming in due to the turbulence because, as I mentioned last time, it takes some time to get the 
approvals and then get the products going right, which is happening. And we expect, as we ramp 
up through this year, we will see the numbers stepping up, right. So, to answer your question, 
sir, Q1 quarter was our normal demand, but a lot of ground work done on engagement with 
customers. We would see some results in Q2, but as we keep ramping up the quarters, we will 
see much better numbers coming in. 
 
And our certain strategies sit on, Japan is a slow market, it will take some time to ramp up, but 
we’re getting into more, I would say, demanding fields like digital inks, etc., there, which we 
are getting good success. But to ramp up the business it takes time. Our European distribution 
which we had appointed, it still needs to ramp up. And our South America strategy,  is doing 
well for us. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And just lastly on the freight rates rising. Historically we had seen some impact of an increase 
in freight rates on our margins as well, given there was no pass-through arrangement, especially 
in terms of export. What is the scenario now with respect to our client contracts incremental for 
the existing business, as well as for the older ones? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, generally what we are not able to pass-through is any utility indirect cost increases But 
freight cost, raw material cost, it’s a little easier to pass on. And so we will be able to pass on 
the increase in cost, we have to absorb certain costs. But going forward, we will be able to pass 
on the increase in freight cost. We don’t see that as a challenge for margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
I have two questions. Firstly on the pigment business margin, Quarter 1 obviously isn’t the 
strongest quarter for Sudarshan from a seasonality point of view. But we have crossed 15% in 
Quarter 1, which I thought was quite encouraging. And given that the earlier commentary of 
gross margins at these levels also seem sustainable for us, so would you think that as we move 
ahead and our CAPEXs ramp up, EBITDA margins should move ideally closer to the 17% to 
19% range for the company? Would that be a fair assessment, like without giving a number, 
actually is that the right thing to think? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Absolutely,. Directionally you are on the right area. I would say, whether the gross margin 
would be in this area or slightly ahead, but the main advantage would be through operational 
leverage. So, as we ramp up our volumes , we should be able to improve our EBITDA margins. 
Madhav Marda: 
And what would our capacity utilization be currently on the expanded capacity? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, we don’t give out capacity utilization numbers. 
Madhav Marda: 
And sir my second question basically was that I think you have mentioned that next round of 
expansion for the company will likely be Brownfield in nature, which again basically means 
that operating leverage benefits should keep coming through for us, not just in the next two 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
years but even three, four years out. So, just how much is the scope of Brownfield expansion? 
Like if you’re at, let’s say, capacity is 100 today, how much should we add via the Brownfield 
route over the next five to seven years for the company? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
We have enough land, enough scope to improve to add on capacities on our existing sites, and 
that’s what I meant by Brownfield expansion. So, too early to comment on how much we can 
do and how much would be needed. But whatever is required, I think we should be able to 
expand in these areas. 
Madhav Marda: 
So, some of the costs will get shared is what I was wondering, like at the existing sites you can 
share some of the cost as we add these new lines for the next round of expansion. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, I mean, why we would want to do a Brownfield is that you don’t incur very large CAPEXs 
and fixed cost. So, your fixed cost gets leveraged going forward, too.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Thacker from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Chetan Thacker: 
Sir, just one question. When I look at the numbers, it appears that the international subsidiaries 
on the pigment side, they’ve not performed too well in this quarter, particularly both on the 
revenue and profitability side. So, anything in particular that you would like to highlight? Is 
there some one-off or something sitting there? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I would let Mr. Natu answer this. But basically, I don’t not know how you interpreted that 
because there’s a lot of transfer pricing which happens, and transfer pricing rules happen. But I 
think our international business is doing well and we’ve seen good growth. Mr. Natu , would 
you like to add anything? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
As Mr. Rathi has mentioned, our sales at those subsidiaries is normal. Rather, if you have seen 
that export sales for the quarter is also on the higher side compared to Q4. So, what we have 
seen in the current quarter is that there had been a intercompany sale anticipating the demand in 
the quarters to come in. So, if you really see, then this standalone profitability versus 
consolidates profitability in the pigment business, in the segmental you will find that delta. But 
as the overseas subsidiary sales and the EBITDA and all the margins are intact, it is just as we 
have done some stocking up of the stock at the subsidiaries which will get reflected in the 
coming quarters. 
Chetan Thacker: 
Because I didn’t see too much difference between the increase in inventory, both at consol and 
standalone levels, both those numbers were nearly similar. So, that is why I was trying to 
understand where has this impact come from. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, these are the inventories in transit.  
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think Amey would like to comment. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Amey Athalye: 
I’m not sure in terms of global versus standalone inventory, because in June we do not publish 
the balance sheet figure. So, just to get a reference, which is the datapoint you are referring to? 
Chetan Thacker: 
I was just looking at the increase decrease, which is the change in inventory which is Rs. 30 
crores, both at consol and standalone. So, while standalone I understand you’ve explained there 
is a buildup of raw material, that has happened, and to some degree finished goods. So, I just 
wanted to get a sense of I see the same number on consol, so the only thing I wanted to clarify 
is, is that there is inventory that is sitting on the international subsidiary where sales are yet to 
be made, which is impacting this quarter number. 
Amey Athalye: 
This number is mainly from a standalone perspective. Whatever sales are routed through 
subsidiary; it directly impacts the COGS. So, it is not part of the change in stock line which 
you’re referring to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL. Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Wanted to understand more about the Heubach situation. So, we are saying that inquiries are 
coming in and gradually we will see demand shifting at Sudarshan. But my question is kind of 
different, what happens if someone else comes up and takes this asset off? Because I mean, the 
company is doing badly, it’s open to acquisitions from other players and then this opportunity 
goes away. So, do you see the sustainability of this Heubach opportunity present to us? And 
what are we doing to capitalize on it? And do you see the risk that it’s a very short-term 
opportunity given that some resolution happens on their side, or someone acquires them? And 
then all those capacities come back on track? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, a good question . Firstly, I think there are two points. So, we are playing in the market on 
our strengths, and that’s where we’ve been preparing Sudarshan in the last three or four years 
for this while building the product portfolio, setting up a world class site and really posing 
ourselves as a global, reliable supplier to our customers. And that’s how customers now see us. 
So, that’s what our strength is. What is getting accelerated is the turbulence in the pigment 
market. I would say, turbulence in terms of several factors. One of the factors may be Heubach, 
but there are several other factors. 
 
And these are long-term turbulences which people are looking to, whether it’s the geopolitical 
situation that people want to move out of China, it’s the high cost of production in Europe, and 
India being favored. So, playing on our strengths, playing on the external areas, these are long-
term advantages which we have. So, customers when they engage with us is not looking at the 
short term view, it’s not a question saying that it’s the flavor of the month now and the situation 
is bad. They’ll come to us and then they’ll go away. So, that’s how we’ve been kind of, that’s 
how we’ve been seen by the customers and that’s how we’ve acted in the market. 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Sir, just last question, I was just trying to understand the variance between Q4 numbers and 
Quarter 1 numbers, given also the understanding that there’s seasonality. So, in quarter four, 
just wanted to get my understanding right, did the company see any advantage from the Heubach 
issue or it was just strong seasonal sales? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Q4 is the strongest quarter, the only thing probably we saw a little bit of is, because of the Red 
Sea crisis there was some stocking up by customers, but that was a minor one. So, that’s what 
we saw. But going forward we will see a better trajectory in our numbers. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, there is no Heubach benefit in quarter four? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
No, too soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Sangwan from Burman Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
So, my first question is, what’s the peak revenue in the pigment business that we can do at full 
capacity utilization? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think for our new CAPEXs investment which we’ve done, as we’ve been maintaining, our 
peak revenue on the new CAPEXs would be about Rs. 1,200 crores to Rs. 1,400 crores. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
On these new CAPEXs at current prices? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, new CAPEXs. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
My second question is around the power cost, if I look at power cost let’s say in FY ‘19 and FY 
‘20, they were used to be 4.5% or so. Now they have increased to 7.5% in FY ‘23, of course it 
came down to 6.7% in FY ‘24 for the pigment business. So, how should we see the power cost 
going forward? Because the gas prices and all have started reducing. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, firstly, we don’t use gas. We have wind energy and we do have coal for our boilers, but I’ll 
request Amey to kind of comment on this. 
Amey Athalye: 
I think the FY ‘19 or ‘20 level, if you see it is pre-COVID, and coal was at much lower rate than 
it is today. And normally we have all in-house boilers where we are producing the power. So, 
to that extent I think there will be impact in terms of the power cost, because that’s the input 
into generation of power in-house. Compared to FY ‘23, if you refer, you will see that the overall 
cost has come down in terms of percent also, because now the coal rates have come down 
however not to a level of FY ‘19 or FY ‘20. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
My last question, sir, what kind of volume growth did we saw in this quarter year-on-year? 
Amey Athalye: 
Sorry, we are not disclosing the volume growth. We won’t be able to answer that question. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you. Thank you, Nilesh. And thank you participants for your time and interest in 
Sudarshan Chemical and putting forth business questions. We remain confident in the long-term 
prospect of our business, and we look forward to engaging with you again in the future. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
***** 
