Orient Electric Limited - a CK Birla Group Company  CIN No.: L31100OR2016PLC025892 
240, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020, India    Tel +91 11 40507000    Fax +91 11 40507004 
Regd. Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751012   investor@orientelectric.com   www.orientelectric.com 
August 08, 2024 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: ORIENTELEC 
Department of Corporate Services -Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, 
  Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 Scrip Code: 541301 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In continuation to our earlier letter dated July 24, 2024, filed in terms of the provisions of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
regarding participation of the management of the Company in an Earnings Call, to discuss the Un-
audited financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, scheduled for Friday, 
August  02, 2024 at 10:00 AM (IST). 
In this regard, transcript of the aforementioned Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, the said 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Orient Electric Limited 
Hitesh Kumar Jain  
Company Secretary 
Enc: a/a 
HITESH KUMAR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by HITESH 
KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2024.08.08 17:16:06 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
“Orient Electric Limited
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 2, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVINDRA SINGH NEGI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SAIBAL SENGUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NILESH PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Electric Q1 FY2025 Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And over 
to you, sir. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Thanks, Riya. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q1 FY2025 Results 
Conference Call of Orient Electric Limited. We will have with us, Mr. Ravindra Singh Negi, 
Managing Director and CEO, and Mr. Saibal Sengupta, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Negi for the initial comments on quarterly performance, and 
then we'll open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thanks, Nilesh. Good morning everyone, and a very warm welcome to Orient's quarter one 
Earnings Conference Call. I'm delighted to connect with all of you for the first time since my 
joining. My initial eight weeks at Orient have been intense and informative, involving meetings 
with employees, associates, strategic partners and our master distributors and dealers across 
various locations and markets. The feedback from the ground reflects the strong brand presence 
and a rich legacy of our company. We have a talented, vibrant and energetic team throughout 
the company. This strong fundamental foundation reassures me of the immense potential Orient 
holds in the FMEG landscape.  
 
Our strategy in action, mentioned at our Investor Deck, is a well-thought through plan, which 
the organization embarked upon in the last two years. I believe these strategies are essential to 
unlocking value and will start delivering better in the coming times. Let me briefly touch upon 
the key pillars of our strategy in action. 
Our complete drive behind the DTM strategy, with focused distribution expansion and sales 
execution excellence, is resulting in better growth and market share gains in these states. We 
have now added two more states in quarter one, Jammu & Kashmir, along with Himachal 
Pradesh, taking our total count to 10 states. Our DTM states have grown by 23% in Fans category 
in quarter one, which is a strong performance in these states. With consumer centricity as a 
cornerstone of our strategy, we are also expanding direct service network. We've added seven 
more states, and now we do 16 states through direct service network for better consumer 
experience. And we are seeing a significant improvement in our service ads and perceptions. 
And I'm sure this investment will go a long way in creating the right consumer affinity to the 
brand. 
 
Our second pillar was again based on creating right consumer experience and to be a strong 
brand of preference and the digital footprint of consumers search to purchase journey. We are 
making right investments in the e-com marketplace and have kept a complete sell-out focus and 
approach to ensure that we leverage the new age consumer preference. We have done high 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
double-digit sell-out growth on e-com channels for cooling category, which is for both fans and 
coolers. We have gained market share in the ceiling fan category on e-comm platforms. We are 
also enhancing our reach in the large-format retail and are adding presence in more stores and 
accounts. 
 
Our continuous focus on the lighting business is paying off with high double-digit volume 
growth in consumer lighting despite industry-wide value contraction. The value mix in ceiling 
business is helping us in margins and the B2B business has also registered deep double-digit 
value growth, despite muted inquiries and tenders due to general elections. Lighting will be a 
key strategic pillar for our profitable growth journey in the long run.  
We've initiated commercial production at our greenfield Hyderabad plant designed as an 
Industry 4.0 facility. This plant would deliver superior products at competitive costs and offer 
proximity to South and Western India markets. It will take a couple of more months to stabilize 
the operations, but we are confident of being fully ready for the next seasonal pickup. 
 
Our Spark Sanchay program aimed at driving cost leadership is deeply ingrained in the 
organization, consistently delivering approximately 2% annualized cost reduction and helping 
us in mitigating commodity and pricing risk.  
Let me now talk about the quarter one results. And I want to start by stating that mark-to-market 
sell-in performance has been lower in Q1. And I will explain the sell-in performance. Let me 
touch upon the ECD. Summers have been actually very good for the cooling categories, fans 
and coolers. But this has also led to inventory stock-outs in several pockets for Orient. The 
summer started early in some, followed by West and then a late intense one in East and North. 
This propelled unanticipated demand for fans, especially TPW category, while capacity 
limitations restricted our ability to meet peak demand, we saw encouraging sell-out growth. 
Having said that, we could have done more sell-in, but for the capacity constraints, specifically 
in TPW, all this resulting in a modest 5.8% growth in the ECD segment, but that is for Q1 
standalone. But if you look at the period from January 2024 to June 2024, which includes both 
a high sell-in period, defined as pre-season build up for Q4, and a high sell-out period of quarter 
1, defined as consumer tertiary or sell-out period. Our mark-to-market performance is better. For 
this period of January to June, we've grown at about 14.5% in ECD and high-teens in fans. So, 
if you look at the complete impact of sell-in and sell-out across two quarters, our market share 
based on third-party data is inching up or holding across geographies. 
The consumer lighting segment continued to face price erosion, but showed high-teens volume 
growth, a steep increase in the B2B segment and improved distribution of switchgears and wires, 
leading to double-digit growth this quarter. Value-added and differentiated SKUs in ceiling are 
gaining traction for us and large size inquiries and tenders have started regenerating post-
elections. Overall, our Lighting and Switchgear business has grown by 10.2%. 
 
For the quarter of April to June, quarter one, our overall revenue grew by 7% year-on-
year, standing at INR755 crores. Gross margins expanded by 249 basis points year-on-year, and 
237 basis points quarter-on-quarter sequentially, and stands at 33.1%, driven by a combination 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
of price increase, mix and cost savings. While our EBITDA dropped by 8.9% over the last year, 
we registered sequential margin improvement, though we dropped by 93 basis points on year-
on-year. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about our strategic initiatives, which are taken or 
embarked upon by the organization, keeping a long-term view and we are positive of their impact 
on our performance. 
 
Thank you all for joining. And I'm happy to take questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from IKIGAI Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you so much. Good morning everybody. Good morning Mr. Negi and Mr. Saibal. 
Firstly, best wishes to Mr. Negi for the new role. So first question to you in terms of your 
thoughts on the business plans over the next 12 months? What's your style of doing business and 
what kind of interaction you have had over the last two months to highlight few low-hanging 
fruits, you want to execute in the medium term, please? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Rahul, thanks for your question. And let me just pause and tell you that in the last eight weeks, 
I've met and have done a lot of sessions with employees. And I'm really, really charged up after 
meeting all the employees. I've done a lot of market visits, plants visits, met a lot of channel 
partners, done market visits, met dealers, master distributors. And I'm very convinced that our 
fundamentals of the brand and our product strategy, which those five pillars that I spoke about 
are very sound, right things to do for growing the business, which is largely, I am just repeating, 
the DTM strategy, the focus on consumer-centric channels like e-comm and large-format retail, 
our focus on growing Lighting business, our focus on cost initiatives and manufacturing and 
obviously, our investments in people. I think these are the right steps that we've taken in the last 
two years, and I'm sure these will result in greater performance or a better performance in the 
coming times. Right now, it's been eight weeks. I firmly believe these strategies, we have to 
unlock the potential out of these strategies, and we're doing the right things there. As we move 
forward, I will make a long-term plan, and we will come back to you on how do we see Orient 
take a larger pie of the FMEG landscape in the coming years. So I'll come back to you guys at 
an appropriate time. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Get it. Secondly, on the ECD part you obviously highlighted that you were short of 
capacity to deliver on numbers. I think comparing with listed peers, obviously, the single-digit 
6% looks lower. Apart from what you said on TPW, which saw very high growth and you were 
showing completely short of supplying that. In case that wouldn't have happened, how would 
this 6% growth look like? Would have been, would it have been about 14% - 15%? Could you 
quantify what kind of capacity shortage in quarter? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Rahul, as I explained, there are two parts to look at them. And then we look at a larger horizon 
of January to June and which is where we said one period, which is quarter four was a sell-in 
period and quarter one was a sellout period. We are, if you look at it, are very competitively 
placed at 14.5% growth vs any of the peers. Also our fans in particular, if we look at a larger 
six-month period, had a high teens. Obviously, this is a hypothetical number that we would be 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
giving if I were to give. So, if this would have happened, how I would have it done. But I'm sure 
we would have been at a healthy teens growth, if TPW constraints were not there. Our sell-out 
didn't get impacted, and I'm sure we've got some of the first-cut indication from a third-party 
data. We've inched up on our market share. We could have done more sell-in and that's an 
opportunity, which was there because of this long summer. That's how I would say I look at it 
from this situation. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
All right sir. And my last question on the cost side. Your Sanchay savings are about INR13 
crores. And you also mentioned that Mckinsey costs should stop from second quarter. Just 
wanted to know which line item would the Sanchay cost savings be visible into, it's largely 
driven, the gross margin expansion is a result of that. Just wanted to clarify. And if you could 
quantify how much savings do you foresee from the Mckinsey cost savings, please? Thank you. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Rahul, two things, Sanchay, largely all the actions that we have done will start reflecting in 
the calls that we do and that's where in the gross margin, you'll see an improvement there. That 
is not the standalone reason for gross margin impacts. We've done a lot of mix change 
performance, or we passed on the pricing increase also to the consumers. As far as Mckinsey is 
concerned, we've said in the last call also that this will be the last quarter, where we will have a 
payout impact. We do not quantify the Mckinsey payout. But yes, next quarter onwards, it will 
not be there in the expense item. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. Thank you so much for answering my questions. Best wishes to you. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Hi Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I had a question on the investment part. So obviously, in 
the last 1 - 1.5 years, you've made enough investment in terms of beefing up your organizational 
capabilities. Because of this, we've had a significant cost impact, cost increase as well. Just 
wanted to understand directionally, if the pace of it is going to reduce going forward or are there 
more investments that you would need to get back to, say, double-digit growth or anything here 
would be helpful? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Yes. So Dhruv, thanks, thanks for your question. And let me just first say that whatever we've 
done in terms of embarking on those strategic pillars in the last two years, I'm very convinced 
that these are directionally right steps to do. And look at it, we are a B2C organization, consumer 
facing, all the steps that we've taken, whether we're going direct to market, whether we are 
investing on the service, whether we are taking the right channels, which are a consumer-centric 
preference these days or investing on lighting, creating the right manufacturing, for giving the 
right quality to the consumer, investing on talent and people. These are fundamentally correct 
investments to do. 
 
Would we continue to invest? We will continue to invest on it. Will it be a significant change 
from what we've done? Maybe not. We have to keep the leverage out of all the investments that 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
we've done. And I think directionally, whatever we've done, it is showing signs of improved 
performance, and I think we will continue to leverage current investments. 
The last large big investment that we did in manufacturing was in Hyderabad plant. And we are, 
as we speak, scaling up our complete ecosystem in Hyderabad, supplier ecosystem as well as 
our productions to make sure that we are very well lined up for the next season. And whatever 
is constraints, that we face this year will not be there. 
Saibal Sengupta: 
Just to double down on that Dhruv, on what Ravi just mentioned, I think you are also asking 
about whether we have plans for greenfield investments in line with Hyderabad. As of now, no, 
but yes, as and when we come up with our long-term plans, at that time we will think about it. 
Right now, we do not have a greenfield kind of an investment if that was your extension of that 
question. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. Okay. And on the gross margin, so we've seen a fairly sharp jump in terms of gross 
margin. I just wanted to know what was the kind of price hikes that you've taken? And because 
of the Hyderabad plant, does this number look sustainable? Or there are more upside, I mean, 
there is more upside to this number? I mean, any thoughts here would be helpful. Thanks. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Dhruv, in the last quarter, some of the commodities have been very fluctuating. And we saw 
in the beginning of the quarter, copper taking a very different route and prices went up. We've 
done price increase in our fans category in two tranches in quarter 1. One was early April and 
the other one was in June, largely in the ball park tune of about 3% to 3.5% is what we passed 
on to the consumers. Will we be able to inch up on the gross margins right now? My take right 
now, would be, say, let's sustain these gross margins and then take the next leap forward in 
sometime. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And I had a question on the DTM states. So we've seen that DTM states have kind of 
outperformed and you've also taken the number of states to about 10. Is there a target that you 
have in mind at this point of time that you want to increase the number here or any more states 
that you want to add? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Dhruv, we are very clear and when we articulated our strategic pillars or strategy in action, 
that we will have a hybrid model. The purpose of DTM states was saying, any state where there 
is a larger potential for the brand, and we are not able to leverage that potential, we went ahead 
and did.  There are states which are run by our master distributor, and we are able to justify and 
do get good market share there. We continue to stay invested in those models. So it will be a 
hybrid model. It's a model where we will keep evaluating given the larger ecosystem, our 
performance opportunities, and so there is no target that we have that we need to move x number 
of states. It's a constant evaluation that will happen every quarter. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Thanks. And all the best. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Larger intent is that we will, at some point, run with a hybrids only. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Got it. Got it. Thanks a lot and all the best. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Dhruv. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Ambit Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Hi Sir, Good Morning and thank you for the opportunity. My question again is on the DTM. So, 
I just wanted to know what is the share of revenue from DTM states currently for quarter one 
and out of the total fans revenue? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
See, Raj, thank you for the question. It will be a ballpark one-third, which is coming in. But 
when we do a transition, in the transition period, we tend to lose a little bit, losing market share 
and a little bit of revenue. But then we've seen that whatever states that we've done, we come 
back very strongly at ballpark about one-third. 
Saibal Sengupta: 
DTM, if you recall, we were mentioning it was at 25%, one-fourth earlier. With Gujarat getting 
added and a couple of markets getting added in this quarter, it is gradually inching up. So it is in 
the region of one-third as of today. 
Raj Shah: 
So, if one-third of our DTM states have grown at 23%. So does it mean that the non-DTM states 
have degrown slightly or being flattish? And what would be the reason for the same? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So, when we do DTM, we're only talking about the general trade. So there is digital and retail 
also, which contribute to the overall business. So by and large, while we've done growth in the 
fans. And you look at a larger period of Jan to June, both the DTM and non-DTM states and the 
other channels, we've done a high-teen growth in fans market. 
Raj Shah: 
And also, you have said that LFR have shown quite strong growth for us for this quarter, and we 
have also added new stores. So just wonder what would be the growth for the LFR stores? And 
what is the store additions that you are targeting for the next year and next couple of years? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Sorry, Raj, I didn't get your question. Can you come again? 
Raj Shah: 
Sir, in LFR, in the large format stores, what has been the growth for this for the last six months 
for us? And what are the store additions that are you targeting for the next couple of years? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So, Raj, we have a small base on the LFR business, so it's high growth there, but although on a 
high small base, our purpose is to start covering large. So we cover almost all the national 
accounts. And our purpose is to get more association in the regional retail accounts. We've added 
close to about 250 to 300 more stores in quarter one. So we're increasing our penetration within 
the account as well as the breadth of accounts that we deal with. 
Raj Shah: 
What would be the total number of accounts that currently would be added? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So, we've got all the national accounts there with us. Of all the regional accounts, that's a universe 
of about almost 80-84 accounts, we would have about 40-45 accounts to that. 
Raj Shah: 
Thank you so much. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Giri from Subh Labh Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Prateek Giri: 
Good morning Mr. Negi. Congratulations for being here, sir. Good wishes from our side. Sir, I 
just had one small query, which is regarding the challenge or the key challenges which you see 
you'll be working from day one which will help us unlock the potential value in the business. In 
terms of operations, I'm as asking, sir, for Orient Electric. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
That's a tough one, Prateek, I would say. There is not one single challenge, I don’t look it from 
a challenge perspective, but from an opportunity perspective. I think there are many 
opportunities for the brand, given the strength of the brand, given the strong resilience of the 
organization. And also, let me just tell everybody on the call, some of the strategic direction that 
we've taken, these are bold directions that we've taken. I think it takes a lot of resilience of the 
brand and the organization and the management to take strong shift from the regular business. I 
think these all shifts that we've done give us a great opportunity. What I feel is that my biggest 
task is to make sure that these opportunities are fully leveraged, and we deliver on that. And 
anything that comes in operationally, all those challenges, these are part of our life and we'll 
handle it as it comes. But unlocking the opportunity, unlocking the potential of these strategies 
is what I take as the first task to do. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood sir. Very helpful. I rest my questions. Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot and 
congratulations. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Prateek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi. Good morning, sir. Sir, my first question is on the first half performance of the calendar year. 
As you mentioned that between January to June, the performance looks significantly better vs 
just looking at quarter one of the fiscal year. Now that, that is also partly because last year, we 
had a decline during that period. 
If I just look from a two-year perspective, we have had roughly 8% to 9% kind of growth over 
a two-year period during this period, despite there being fairly high-cost inflation, which would 
have led to higher realizations as well. So on the volume side, it appears that it was quite muted. 
Has it got to do anything with our DTM strategy and the fact that we would have initially lost 
some volumes because of DTM? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Well, I would say, no. While we look at and while we do a comparison with peers, everything 
is done on a like-to-like basis, and I did a like-to-like comparison for Jan to June period. 
Everybody has had ups and downs last year between Jan and June. So, it's fair to say that on a 
like-for-like, had a 14.5% sell-in/sellout combined for the calendar half year, we seem to be fine, 
even if we look at a larger, longer three years CAGR, we seem to be trending fine. 
 
Yes, when we do a DTM transition, the transition period actually is where we lose a little bit 
both in terms of market share and in terms of revenue, but we come back very strongly because 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
of the execution, the distribution expansion, the right kind of connect and our team's ability to 
extract more out of those states. So you're right, Aditya, from that perspective that while we do 
the transition, we tend to go through a little bit downward trend, but it comes back. 
 
While all said and done, I also spoke about third-party data, which is an indication that wherever 
we've launched our DTM states, we seem to be, after the initial little drop of market share, we 
seem to be gaining back on it. And overall, if we look at it for this calendar year first half, we 
seem to be holding our market share, and so that's not a concern which I would see right now. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood, sir. Sir, one thing that we've noticed with some of the other brands, which have also 
formed through a distribution change, they have lost market shares and they regained market 
share. But even after regaining, their market shares were not higher than where they had started, 
when they started making the change. So, what our experience being in the states which have 
now gotten mature after implementing DTM? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So all of our states are in different phases of execution. And I think, I would take a couple of 
more quarters to look at a long-term trend to see where we started and where we've gone on 
market share. Right now, the way it is, I believe that we're trending in the right direction, and 
we should be able to be much ahead of the pre-transition market shares. And that's the exact 
point. Some of the states that we've picked up is where we believe the potential is high and we 
could do well there. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Perfect. That's encouraging to hear, sir. And so my last question is on your format about 
investing in talent and people and making certain changes around that. Would be helpful if you 
could throw some light as to what are the changes that have been made? And has there been any 
change in the way employees are incentivized through it if as well? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So all the strategic pillars have had teams and structure put to make sure that these strategies get 
executed well. Whether it was service, we've made investments in service teams, whether it was 
DTM, whether it was getting the right kind of digitization to support the efforts, whether it was 
B2B focus in lighting, whether it's Switchgears or Wires business. Every aspect of our strategy 
has been backed by people who are experts in that field. And that's an investment that's 
happened. And I think all of this starts to unfold over a period of time. Some of the investments 
in Hyderabad have also been backed up by teams who look after and manage the large-scale 
project execution and other things. So that's where we are as far as our investments and talent is 
gone. We've got people who are SMEs in these fields, and we will continue to invest behind this. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
And any changes in the ESOP, sir 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Sorry, I didn't get. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Employee stock option pool. Any changes being made over there as well? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
No, not yet. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you so much, sir. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Aditya. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir, my first question is related to the Lighting segment. 
There, we have seen a good EBIT margin improvement. And in the commentary, you had 
mentioned that led by the LED lighting. So, is that the LED lighting price erosion restricted now 
from the last quarter? Where we are in that as a sector, as an industry? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Praveen, thank you for your question. I think it's a difficult one to answer, especially given 
the fact that the price erosion is slowing down, but has it ended, or will it end, it all depends on 
how some of the regional brands or some of the leaders actually go and execute things in the 
market. What we've done is that we focused on the right value mix. There are price erosions in 
lamps. But there are technologies like COP, downlighters, everything, panels, where I think the 
price erosion is lesser and there is a better value mix that we get. The complete focus of the 
organization and the teams, is to make sure that we balance this while we participate in certain 
categories, but we also balance it out through the other. And that's what I think, over the last few 
quarters, is giving us results. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Second question, sir, related to the Hyderabad plant. So is that commercial production 
has started. So can you give some indication that what the revenue potential for that scale up, 
from this plant? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
As I said, this is early days for the plant. It's the industry 4.0 plant that we've done. We are now 
in a process of stabilizing the production. And what happens is that when you make an industry 
4.0 plant, the entire ecosystem also has to come up, a supplier ecosystem. A good part is, with 
our investments and other things, our strategic suppliers have also made the right investments in 
Hyderabad. The entire synchronization of their efforts and our efforts will yield results. But I 
think it's still some time away for me to come back and say what will be the revenue really start 
coming from Hyderabad standalone. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Lastly, on the one data point, sir, is it possible to say the TPW contribution in the fan 
segment? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
We don't disclose these numbers, but we are in line with what the industry contribution is. So, 
in case you know the industry contributions, you will know we are broadly in there. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And all the best. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Praveen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Nikhil: 
Yes. Good morning. Congrats for the new role and best of luck. Just a continuation on the last 
participant's question. You mentioned the mix of TPW for the industry. I don't know the mix. 
So, if you can just guide roughly what is the mix, that is one part. 
 
Secondly, there was a question which was asked previously also, if we see the DTM markets, 
we've mentioned that it grew 23%. And I think roughly we said 30% to 33% of the business is 
coming from DTM, which means most of the other markets have not at all grown. Even if I strip 
off TPW, would it be right to say even in ceiling fans, we were not able to meet the demand. I 
think if you can just explain it between DTM and non-DTM, and between TPW and non-TPW, 
how the performance has been for us? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Nikhil, I'll broadly give you a sense and not exact numbers. Firstly, the industry, depending 
on brand to brand, would hover between 25% to 30% as TPW contribution to the overall fans. 
Now when we look at our fans business, and when we talk about DTM market and non-DTM 
markets, that's general trade. We've got large format retail. We've got e-com and we have got 
exports. So on the general trade, we've seen growth. We had a sell-out approach. And that's why 
I said let's look at a larger period of Jan to June. We had a sell-out approach and focus on sell-
out in e-com. Sell-in largely happened in Q4. And we degrew in exports because we were 
slightly dependent on one African country where there have been geopolitical situations. but 
that's the larger impact. 
 
So, in the general trade, we did see growth in both DTM and non-DTM. The other businesses 
where we had a sell-out approach in quarter one, but we have done decent sell-ins and, hence, 
my overall perspective is to look at a Jan to June period. And exports, we did suffer because 
there was slightly high dependence on some of the African markets, which had a geopolitical 
impact. So that's the larger context to it. I will not be able to share each parts percentage 
contribution and the impact, but that's it, if that answers the question. 
Nikhil: 
Sure. Secondly, see, we've been in this investment phase for the last two years. And I understand 
all this investment is important for growth. And I think, if we go back in our calls for last one 
year or six months, we have been mentioning that probably with Hyderabad coming in, probably 
with these investments nearing completion or the rate of investment not going to be at the same 
rate as it has been done in the past. The managements or the organization’s goal on the margin 
side was to reach at least double-digit EBITDA margins. While on the gross, I think we've done 
a great job and we are close to or, in fact, better than our historical numbers. How do you see 
the journey to that double-digit EBITDA margin? Is it purely driven by better growth, which has 
to be a necessity? And if that is the case, how are you setting up the goals on the growth side? 
Or are there other levers for us to reach that double-digit EBITDA margin? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Nikhil, let me just first tell you that whatever we have taken as strategic pillars for growth, 
the execution of some of that takes time. The DTM markets, while we say 10 states, it takes a 
huge amount of effort to grow and change the complete distribution structure on ground. And 
hence, we've been very cautious and calibrated in our approach. As I said, every time you do a 
DTM transition, in the interim, you tend to lose market share and the revenue. Our approach was 
to minimize that. The plant at Hyderabad is a greenfield plant, and there were other larger 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
geopolitical issues for which it got a little behind the schedule. So some of these investments 
that we've done or even if we say that our focus has shifted or we will start participating in the 
digital footprint of the consumers, to become a choice of brand in that, it takes a little bit of time. 
Our investments on service, the service transition, when you do that service transition, there will 
be a time when you will have a slight double cost impact that's happened. So, while we are doing 
this, we are not doing this zero-one at a given point of time. We're doing a transition in a phased 
manner. And hence, when you look at that we've been saying the strategy in action for the last 
two years, it's been a phased, cautious, calibrated execution, which is happening. We will 
continue to do this, and that's why we said, while the benefit at the EBIT level will start to flow, 
the first sign up to come at the gross margin level, which means that to get this growth, we are 
doing the right things of getting our cost right, our cause right, our mix right. If there is a 
commodity price increase happening, passing on to the consumers, and we are not getting this 
growth by discounting in the market. And hence, gross margin is the first indicator. Once we 
start stabilizing and getting a better leverage of our investments, you will start seeing 
improvement in our EBIT margins also. So first indicator, which will flow through the EBIT is 
the gross margin. And that, I think, is a good indication to start with. 
Nikhil: 
Sure. Appreciate that. Just last question from me. See, you've been in this industry for pretty 
long and you've taken multiple hats. As an external and probably you may skip if you don't want 
to answer this, but as an external person, when you looked at Orient from being outside the 
organization, what were the strengths which you believe the Orient, as a company, in this space 
really owns? Then what could have been vs the other players in the industry? And where do we 
think we land? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Nikhil, I've been in the industry for five years. And yes, I've seen the industry and Orient 
from a competitor's view as well as from now inside it and these are personal views and I would 
not like to share this, but I can only share that there is a strong brand strength with a strong 
resilient organization. There is strong consumer pool that gives us a different space to operate 
in. And all these strategies that we put in action will result and give us much better traction. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And just last question. See, Orient as a bouquet, when we look at our presentation, there 
are multiple product segments, but our dependence on fans have been really high. As MD, are 
you thinking about that probably we need to build the newer pillars of business and is the 
investment which we have done in the last two years in terms of distribution and all, going to 
support the growth in those segments, which have been small for a long period of time? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Yes. So if you look at it, our dependence on fans only has come down over the last few years. 
We will continue to outpace and do better in the fans industry, and we have a sizable share and 
a sizable consumer preference in the fan. Our lighting has done reasonably well. There are 
incubation business, if I were to call them, they've grown at a faster rate. Our investments in 
terms of setting up on the distribution and other things and on people and structures will start 
giving us cap, unlocking the potential in all these segments. We will focus and drive these as 
well as look at driving our core lighting very differently. 
Nikhil: 
Thanks a lot. Thanks for providing your perspective. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Nikhil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is with respect to 
the employee cost. If I look at the employee cost for the quarter, it's up 15%, and it's at INR77 
crores. Is that a run rate? Or could there be further increase to this run rate when you talk about 
investments. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Achal, this quarter, the employee costs had impact of the increments and other things. Over 
a period of time, as I said, we've made investments on the structure, and I think is this the going 
rate. Obviously, the structures have been put, we will leverage this employee structures much 
better to get our top-line growth and other things. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Yes. 
Saibal Sengupta: 
Achal, frankly speaking, this employee cost that you see has also an element of wages built in 
it, which will have a variability with the production as well. So on a quarter-to-quarter basis, 
there will be some moderations that will be happening. That also, you have to account for it. But 
yes, more or less, all senior management onboarding is all completed. There is no major 
restructuring that is happening. But yes, there will be follow-through of spends that have got 
done in the previous 12 months. That is what you are seeing the growth. Frankly speaking, if 
you see earlier quarters and we used to answer these questions from your side, is that growth 
was even much, much deeper and higher when we started doing all this. That is getting 
normalized and evened out as we go ahead. I hope that answers your question. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes, yes. The second question I had was with respect to... 
Moderator: 
Sir, may we request you to return to the question queue for follow up as the other participants 
waiting. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Gandhi from Glorytail Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in a competitive and saturated market, like fans and light 
segment, to grow in terms of revenue faster than the industry will always be possible through 
innovation we bring in our products and our focus on R&D. Because whenever we go into the 
market to buy such products, there are so much similarity in the product range of all companies 
eventually consumer ends up selecting what is different. So how do you see this that our product 
positioning in the competitive environment, the product appeals to the consumer and our focus 
on R&D to introduce something new. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Gaurav, I think what we do is we build as an organization, a lot of consumer centricity in our 
DNA. We've understood what the consumers are wanting. All our entities are now catering to 
what consumers are wanting. And in a cluttered market, what is that will stand out in terms of 
consumer preference would be a brand that they trust, would be a product which solves for their 
need and would be a brand that provides them after sale service with the right experience. I think 
in all these larger and obviously, the accessibility and availability from a distribution 
perspective, all those will start to matter. Also, there is this whole influence that the consumer 
gets when they look at the digital aspect of it, when they do their reviews and ratings. Our 
complete focus is to look at the complete gambit of where a consumer's journey starts to happen. 
And we've made investments in all aspects. That is where what we think that as a brand, we will 
tend to gain more than competition, more than the industry and obviously, we have a little bit of 
head start of having a good consumer preference in many cases. And we are dialing up the 
premiumization much better now with our new products that we are launching. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. the next question will be from the line of Arshia Khosla from BOB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Yes, hi. First of all, I would like to congratulate you for being there. Sir, quickly, my question 
would be like Hyderabad facility is now commissioned and the production is ramping up, I 
would just like to understand how is the export potential, especially for TPW Fans? I mean 
there's a lot of growth potential over there. So how are you looking at it? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So thanks for the question, Arshia. When we looked at Hyderabad, there's a location and we've 
put up a industry 4.0 plant there. Our entire purpose is to get our cost structures of manufacturing 
TPW there. While it will cater in the beginning to the South and Western part of India, we also 
expect with our cost structures coming down there, we will be able to create a competitive 
product for exports also. So the work is on. We will start leveraging the entire Hyderabad cost 
efficiencies in the next couple of quarters. So we will see. But yes, obviously, the intent is that 
we cater to the West, South and the export market through Hyderabad plant. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Sure. Understood, sir. And quickly, if you could just give me the percentage between the fans 
category in your premium and general fans, I mean if you can share that across? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
We don't share that Arshia, but all I can tell you in the premium and the super premium, we are 
one of the top players in terms of market share. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Understood, sir. And premium would be including the BLDC, right? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Yes. It will include BLDC. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Okay. One more quick small question, if I could just squeeze in? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Yes. 
Arshia Khosla: 
So in lighting, I mean, we've done exceptionally well as compared to peers. So the lighting and 
switchgear segment saw that growth, is because of the market share gains? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
In lighting, we've been seeing a consistent market share gains over the last few quarters, and we 
are inching up, and that's a good encouraging sign for us. I think our teams on ground are doing 
a great job. So that's what I can tell you, Arshia. 
Arshia Khosla: 
Sure. Thanks a lot sir, and all the best. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. The last question for today will be from the line of Ashish 
Shriram from JM Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sahukar: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I had a question on your EBITDA margins. The last time 
around, Deepak mentioned that we aim to achieve early double-digit margins in the next two 
years. So, June that we are around 5% this quarter, is it something in your mind if you could 
share, at what rate do you plan to exit FY25? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So Ashish, as I explained, so when we make the investment, and I said all these strategic pillars 
and the investments behind them, there is an execution that happens in a cautious calibrated 
execution of this is happening. The first parameter, which we said is that if we were to do all 
these cost structures and we start getting leverage out of it. The first sign has to come in to gross 
margin, which is what we are seeing. Our purpose is to sustain those gross margins. And once 
we start getting a better leverage of the cost structure that we put, we will start seeing in the 
EBIT. Is there a way that you want me to tell you a time, when we'll start seeing it. I hope that 
we should start seeing it soon. 
Ashish Sahukar: 
Fair enough. That's perfect. Sir, lastly, pan-India, you didn't elaborate your strategy, but do you 
feel that there are still some white spaces or probably in Western India. Do you still see some 
pain in this kind of markets? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Obviously, their white space not even at Pan India level, even at every micro level that you look 
at it is our execution and the market share consistent across the country, not and that's true for 
any brand, there are preference in pockets where the brand is found if execution is better. Those 
are the ones where we get. Our job is to keep narrowing this disparity between a strong market 
and a weak market. And we will continue to do that. 
Ashish Sahukar: 
Perfect. This is helpful. Thanks and all the best. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Ashish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the last question for today will be from the line of Vidit 
Trivedi from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Yes. Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on your new role, any guidance 
on capex front for this year and the coming year? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Vidit, our large capex was on Hyderabad plant, which we've done. Our purpose is to now 
leverage that. As of now the regular capex of NPDs and expansions and capacity improvements 
and other things that we do, any large capex as of now, not yet, but if there is, we will come back 
to you. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Okay. And sir, just a last question, if you could just give me a breakup on the domestic and 
export sales, any growth number, you have already mentioned that on the exports front, there 
was a degrowth mainly because of the geopolitical tension, so any number to that? 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
So, we don't give a breakup, but exports, I told you, as I said, there are few geopolitical issues 
that we had. And we had certain large dependency on some of the countries there in Africa, 
which has de-grown. We've tried de-risking it through others, but it was large dependency, which 
we couldn’t do. But otherwise, we don't give a breakup on this. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Got it sir. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you, Vidit and thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ravindra Singh Negi: 
Thank you everyone, and thank you for your wishes. And thank you for joining this call. And 
I'm sure we will take all the feedback that you guys have given. And thank you for participation. 
Saibal Sengupta: 
Thank you everybody. In case if any questions remain unanswered, you please feel free to reach 
us out either through the investor email ID or you can reach us directly as well. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
Contact Information:  
Email: investor@orientelectric.com 
Registered Office:  
Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneswar, Odisha-751012, India 
CIN No.: L31100OR2016PLC025892 
