 
 
 
6th August, 2024 
To,  
BSE Limited 
Corporate Services Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Communications Department 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code:   540376  
 
 
             NSE Scrip Symbol: DMART 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Institutional Investors Meet 2024 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of conference call with Analyst/ Institutional 
Investors held on 30th July, 2024.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.dmartindia.com/investor-relationship.  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
For Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
Ashu Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
Ashu Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Ashu Gupta 
Date: 2024.08.06 
18:04:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 58 
 
 
 
“Avenue Supermarts Limited 
Investor/Analyst Conference Call” 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NEVILLE NORONHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
AVENUE SUPERMARTS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMAKANT BAHETI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – AVENUE SUPERMARTS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NILADRI DEB – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – AVENUE SUPERMARTS LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKRAM DASU – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AVENUE E-COMMERCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RUSHABH GHIYA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – AVENUE SUPERMARTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 58 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Avenue Supermarts 
Limited Investors Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter 
star and one on their touchtone phone. To remove yourself from the queue 
please enter star and two. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rushabh Ghiya. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Ghiya. 
Rushabh Ghiya: 
Welcome to our Annual Investor and Analyst Conference Call. I have on call 
with me Mr. Neville Noronha, our MD and CEO; Mr. Ramakant Baheti, Group 
CFO; Mr. Niladri Deb, CFO, Avenue Supermarts Limited; and Mr. Vikram Dasu, 
CEO, Avenue E-commerce Limited. 
 
We hope that you've had a chance to look at our presentation, which was 
shared on Friday, and the same is also available on our website in case you 
would like to refer to it. We will start the call with Neville briefly taking you 
through the presentation along with Niladri, and post that we will open the 
Q&A session. 
 
Just before that, I would like to draw your attention to the Safe Harbor 
statement for good governance. So, with that, over to you Neville. 
Neville Noronha: 
Good morning, everybody. Like the format is every year, we will spend some 
time on the presentation and then give most of the time for the Q&A. This 
time, we're splitting the presentation in two parts. I will be taking the business 
overview, followed by our CFO, Niladri Deb, who will then take you through 
the operating and financial summary. 
 
So, on the business overview, which is the key product categories page. It's 
more or less the same. I think last year has been a period of consolidation, 
and also a lot of the anxieties that we had around general merchandise and 
apparel is more or less behind us. While the numbers do not indicate to that 
extent yet, but we are seeing a smart recovery in the second half of last year 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 58 
 
and in the first quarter of this year. So, GMA has moved from 23.04% to 
22.37%. It's a drop, but more or less it's coming back. 
 
But just to pre-empt some of the questions that may come on this, we are not 
going to be 28% or 27% like it used to be earlier. A broad trend line will be 
around the current run rates of around 23%, is the sense we get. But 
otherwise, it's been a good year. I mean, most of the numbers have been 
shared, and I would take more specific questions in the Q&A and discuss more 
about this. 
 
We go to the next slide, cluster-based expansion strategy continues to be the 
same. The principle is more of the same - try and open as many stores in 
existing markets. We also keep trying to go to new states, new regions, new 
cities. But otherwise, the broad principle is, if there's an opportunity to deploy 
capital in existing markets, it's a better option. We opened 41 stores in last 
year gone by. And as usual, the numbers look good, we're doing fine and all 
the new stores opened also are fine. So, it's a usual day at work, broadly, from 
that standpoint. 
 
Then we come to DMart Ready. We had said in the last year’s analyst meet 
that this year would be a year of consolidation and we'll try and test whatever 
we have done and hence, we added just one city. The strategy around the e-
commerce business, the DMart Ready business is very consciously to be not 
very fast. We can generate significantly higher revenue than we do currently, 
but it's a conscious decision to fix the model, make it right and bring in high 
throughputs in the existing cities, that's the thinking that we have on this 
business. But, obviously, we'll take more questions on our business, as well as 
what's happening in the market from a larger context of competition and all 
of that. 
 
Year-wise store addition, we have already said that we opened 41 stores. We 
maintain to deliver basis our past performance. That's what we keep saying. 
The number of stores opening will be around these numbers going forward. 
But we, as usual, don't give forward looking statement in terms of what the 
exact number is and reasons also remain the same. But broadly as a Company 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 58 
 
we are prime to open equal to or even more than this number of stores. But 
there are a lot of other factors that depend on our store opening numbers. 
 
So, with that, I end my part of the presentation, and I would request Niladri 
to take over the operating and financial summary part of the presentation. 
Thank you. 
Niladri Deb: 
Thank you, Neville. I take you through the bill cuts. We delivered 30.3 crores 
bill cuts in the year just gone by. Like-for-like growth that we disclosed is for 
stores which are open for more than at least 24 months. We delivered 9.9% 
like-for-like growth. The total retail business area at the end of the fiscal '24 
was about 15.1 million square feet. We opened 1.8 million square feet area 
in the current year. And the Revenue from Sales per Retail Business Area sq 
ft came at about INR33,000 per square feet in FY '24, very close to the FY '20 
number of INR32,879. 
 
Moving on, the revenue from operations as disclosed earlier is INR49,533 
crores, delivered in the stand-alone business. EBITDA margin of 8.3%, so 
almost INR4,100 crores of EBITDA. We delivered 5.4% PAT, about INR2,695 
crores. And the net cash flow from operations of INR3,343 crores. All of the 
indices grew over the same period last year. 
 
We move to the operating and financial summary for the days inventory and 
payables. Our payables came at about 7.1 days and about 29 days of 
inventory, more or less similar to what we were in the pre-COVID period. Debt 
and equity, we all know we don't have debt, but the debt that you see on the 
balance sheet is about the Ind AS 116 disclosure and the equity is about 
INR19,281 crores. 
Fixed assets turnover ratio came in at about 3.6, very close to the number 
that we've been trailing even pre-COVID and inventory turnover ratio of 
about 14.6. And finally, the return on net worth and ROCE, ROCE came at 
about 19.1%, marginally lower than FY '23 and the return on net worth about 
15.1%. 
 
Slide 13 has the key financials for Avenue Supermarts and the stand-alone 
and consol. Sales grew by 18.4%. Gross margin reduction of about 37 bps and 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 58 
 
PBT reduction of 43 bps led by the gross margin slide and a bit of cost 
increases in other expenses that came up, and the PAT delivery of INR2,556 
crores -- sorry, INR2,695 crores, which was a 5.4% growth. We must point out 
that last year we had an exceptional tax gain. So, ignoring the tax gain of the 
prior year, the PAT improved by close to 12%. At consol level, the sales 
improved by 18.6% or INR50,789 crores and a PAT delivery of 6.6% growth. 
Without the one-time tax advantage of prior year, the PAT grew 13.5% to 
INR2,536 crores. 
 
The key subsidiary financials, Avenue E-commerce delivered a 31.7% sales 
increase, close to INR2,900 crores and we had a loss of INR185 crores, which 
was a 240 bps loss reduction over the prior year. Avenue Food Plaza did 
INR177 crores of sales and a loss of close to INR6 crores – it is in expansion 
phase. Align Retail Trade, our subsidiary which does grocery packing did 
INR2,800 crores of sales and a PAT of INR33 crores, improved by 44%. 
 
That's the summary from the financials and operating session. 
Rushabh Ghiya: 
I think we can now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, Niladri. Thank you, 
Neville. We'll just open the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yeah, thanks. My first question is on the product mix you have given. So, I see 
that foods is the only segment which has gained as a percentage of the mix, 
while rest of the two have seen a slight dip. Wanted to understand is it purely 
because of the food inflation and in FY '25? Because FMCG companies in the 
HPC space will take a hike. The non-foods FMCG should regain some of the 
lost share. What will be your comment on that? You are focusing more on 
general merchandise and apparel. So, wanted to understand why it's not 
visible in terms of numbers. There was a dip of around 33 bps. When do you 
see this reversing? 
Neville Noronha: 
So, Abneesh, on the food contribution going higher - it is primarily driven 
around agri food inflation. It was primarily driven on that. While staples, if I 
look at edible oils, went through a deflation period. But I think minus the oil 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 58 
 
basket, the agri side, that is the staple agri minus oil went through 
unprecedented inflation during this period of time. So that is the reason why 
the food contribution has gone up. 
 
On the GM and apparel side, I think we had a larger issue on the apparel side, 
but like I have commented last year, apparel is a smaller contributor in the 
GMA mix. Hence, the blended impact was only what you see on the slide, 
right? GM is more or less back on track, trending equal to what we were prior 
to COVID. 
Apparel has done a very smart recovery. We did very quick improvements 
there, primarily around leadership, team, sizes, all of that is in place. In fact, 
70%, 80% of the work is already done. And if you look at the last two quarter's 
performance, one thing that is heartening to know is, apparel is the highest 
growing category amongst all our categories. Like I had commented last year, 
right, it is more of an internal issue on the apparel side. 
We just needed to build a very good leadership pipeline. And in fact, I’m quite 
delighted with the early improvement - I didn't expect it to be improving so 
quickly. But I think the team has done a brilliant job. But still a long way to go. 
But we're seeing brilliant green shoots on the apparel side of the business. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second and last question will be on the DMart Ready. So, we have 
seen a year of consolidation and only one city getting added. So, what were 
the learnings from there? And we have seen quick commerce, for example. 
Now, they are seeing more consolidation, more on service rather than 
discounting. So, rain fee, delivery fee, loyalty fee, a lot of fees are coming in 
and that's good from an overall business sustainability perspective. 
 
I wanted to understand are you also thinking at some stage about quick 
commerce and also start charging for some of these because ultimately now 
it’s more of convenience rather than pure discounting. Plus, what is your take, 
is the worst behind on discounting? Because Zepto has raised huge funding 
very recently, while the other two players seem to be focusing more on 
service rather than just discounting. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
Our whole perspective has always been to have a divergence in terms of our 
approach to the business. We prefer not to do stuff like what most people try 
to do. So, we continue to chart our own course on the e-commerce side of 
the business and we are pretty confident of expanding this business, albeit 
not as fast as you will expect it to be. But we will continue with the current 
model. 
 
We don't intend to do any quick commerce. I think our model is pretty robust 
and the learnings have been to try and get more and more revenue in the 
large towns / cities. That's the low-hanging fruit. That is where there is an 
emergence between our model, about our ability to deliver and also the 
expectation of the market. So, a Mumbai customer or an Ahmedabad 
customer or a Delhi customer, they like e-commerce, they like material 
coming to their home since time is in short supply, timetables are tough to 
manage, things like that. I'm not saying everyone, but mostly the more 
affluent people, they would like to have a certain component of their grocery 
buying to come through e-commerce. I think serving that customer through 
our DMart Ready channel sounds very interesting and promising. So, we will 
continue with our own methodology of running the DMart Ready business. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Just one follow up on this and then I'll end. So, could this be second year of 
consolidation? And when I see, you have DMart Ready in few Tier 3 cities also. 
For example, Kolhapur, Belagavi, Bhilai, Raipur and, say, Anand. So, could 
these be deprioritized and ultimately may not make much of a sense given 
your kind of a business model? 
Neville Noronha: 
Quite possible. See, I think brick-and-mortar retail is still very aspirational and 
still fun and enjoyable in small towns. And we clearly see that from a 
psychological standpoint that customers enjoy going to retail stores like ours 
in small towns. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Okay, thanks. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 58 
 
Arnab Mitra: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, Neville, my first question was on 
store expansion. I think in the last call you had mentioned you have invested 
in people in the expansion side and also in some of the processes which will 
increase your capacity of adding stores. Do you see that happen in FY '25? Or 
it will take some more time before you can significantly step up from this 
approximately 40 stores that you've been adding for the last couple of years? 
And what are the other bottlenecks that you're still seeing in that capacity? 
Neville Noronha: 
I don't have a very clear, concise answer in numbers for you, but I'll just give 
you a feeling and flavour of what we intend to do here. We are primed and 
ready in terms of opening around 40-50 stores. I mean anything between that 
is what we are ready and we will deliver broadly. Obviously subject to 
regulation, permission, all of that, but we have that kind of inventory to at 
least commit saying 40-45, we will do, every year. 
 
If you were to look at our store opening trend, we do 40-something stores, 
but in another two to three years, this 40 should go to a 60 or a 70 per year. 
We are working like that. We are thinking about it like that, but it will be very 
lumpy. So, you will see a 40, 40, 40. Suddenly it may go up a little bit higher. 
That's the way we are thinking about it and working towards it. 
 
I've been saying this repeatedly that typically 10% to 15% of my number count 
should be my new store opening, broadly. That's the way we think about it. 
So, if that happens, then we'll get a very decent CAGR run rate over a 10-15-
20 year period. That's how it has been in the past two years, right? For 
example, if I have 400 stores then I should be opening 60 stores. If I have 800 
stores, then say 15% of 800 stores. That's the North Star. That's the way we 
think about it. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Thanks for that, Neville. Yeah. The second question I actually had was a follow 
up on the quick commerce thing. So, clearly, one of the big changes last one 
year has been this big scale up of quick commerce, especially in the top six, 
seven cities. Are you seeing any impact on your big city stores, like a Mumbai, 
Bangalore kind of location? And does it in any way impact the future store 
potential in, let's say, the top 10 stores that you would have earlier envisaged? 
So, any thoughts on how you're seeing this evolve? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
Actually, we've been crunching data for the last two years on this and how is 
this format impacting us? Surprisingly, it is not. If there is any one reason that 
impacts our metro revenues, it's actually our own ability to operate the store. 
So, if any store is not run well, for whatever reason, either it's an 
infrastructure issue or the store has already peaked out, delivering very, very 
high revenue per square feet, or the quality of management is not up to the 
expectation. That's when these stores struggle. And not really because of the 
competitive context - specifically about quick commerce. That's our analysis 
of things. 
 
But, okay, if you say a city that is not having any intense quick commerce 
versus a city that has quick commerce, there could be a 1% to 2% SSSG CAGR 
impact. I mean, I don't have a very clear point of view there. I can't pinpoint 
it exactly. But will I say no? Absolutely not. I will also not agree to that, maybe 
1%-1.5% kind of an impact could be there. But is any of my store declining, 
negative? Do I see very large red flags? Absolutely not. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood. Thanks. And just one last question. Any rethink -- you have 
historically not had a big focus on fresh as a part of your mix, and that's one 
of the categories which at least quick commerce companies, say, has had high 
growth and high margins. Anything of this changing which would change your 
approach towards that category versus what it is currently, that's brick-and-
mortar? 
Neville Noronha: 
Brick-and-mortar, I don't think so. Brick-and-mortar, there has to be some 
structural changes in the economy which prevents the roadside seller to stop 
selling fruits and vegetables. Only then could be a case for modern trade to 
sell fresh in a profitable manner. That's our view, especially in a model like 
ours. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Okay. Thanks so much, Neville, and all the best. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 58 
 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi, Neville. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the apparel segment. I mean, 
what exactly did we change? You said you’re at 70% to 80% on that journey. 
So, what is left to be done? Would love to hear your thoughts on that, please. 
Neville Noronha: 
We have done whatever we have done for the current size of revenue, but 
we are imagining what we would be five years, 10 years from now. Apparel is 
very, very talent driven and individual driven - the guy or the lady who's 
running that specific category, how he or she thinks about what should be 
done. From a team capability standpoint, the confluence of synthesizing 
between what DMart stands for, what the ethos of DMart are, and what 
apparel should be. It's not very easy. 
 
A category like apparel for a grocery kind of a model is very complicated. And 
a lot of people who come from outside, their understanding of value retail, 
their understanding of deep discounting is, I would say, very limited. So first, 
that buy-in itself is very, very challenging. And this is a very talent, individual-
driven kind of a business, right? Everybody brings in their own personality to 
the category. It’s not very easy to get that synthesis. 
Avi Mehta: 
You said that you wanted to focus on basics there. So, is that thought no 
longer the case? You still want to have some fashion, but the type of fashion 
is probably what has to be realigned. I mean, I just want to kind of better 
understand the portfolio change that you're trying to do here. 
Neville Noronha: 
Philosophy remains the same. Basic, basic, basic. You can be fashionable yet 
by being basic. When you say fashionable, it's about being in trend. But how 
do you ensure that your product line, is not susceptible to the vagaries of 
change of trend at very short notice. That's the whole idea. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough. The second, Neville was on your comment that you 
do not expect salience to move back to the 26% to 28% levels for general 
merchandise and apparel. Why this? And if that is the case, does that change 
how should we look at same-store sales growth from a new category addition 
- basis uptick that has traditionally or earlier come? 
Neville Noronha: 
I have commented on this earlier, I have maintained that stand that whenever 
you open a new store, you get people from a larger radius coming to a store. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 58 
 
When you get that kind of a customer into the store, they end up buying a lot 
of non-FMCG. But as the store matures, the percentage of households who 
begin to buy from you from a smaller area significantly increases. And hence, 
that basically drives the intensity of the food, FMCG and groceries here. 
 
And this has been a secular trend for the last 20 years. It is just simply because 
of that. It's a secular trend. And as we mature and we become larger and 
larger, the food and grocery and the low-margin contribution will increase. 
We have to then figure out how should you run the model such that you 
deliver on your profits in line with the construct changing with time. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay. But sorry, Neville, just to push back, I thought adding larger stores 
would have probably helped us drive, maintain that salience, that thought is 
not accurate? 
Neville Noronha: 
That thought continues to be accurate because we continue to believe in the 
fact that having larger stores keeps you ready for the opportunities of the 
future. But at the same time, I do not want to build in very high expectation 
that we will go back to 27%, 28% and hence, there will be a bump in gross 
margins. 
 
Not really. I'm just giving you a very realistic scenario of the future. We’re 
getting ready for the opportunities that can emerge because of GDP going up 
and hence, people wanting to buy more and more horizontally in the high-
margin sector. We are priming ourselves for that. But will that definitely 
guarantee 28% or a 29% contribution of GMA? No, I don't think so. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay. I understood. And lastly, if I may, sorry. Just on the quick commerce 
space, you did point towards 1%, 1.5%-odd impact, very rough in your view. 
Is this reflecting more discounting in your view or just that the consumer is 
now keeping less pantry? How should we look at this from that point of view? 
Neville Noronha: 
The way we are looking at it, Avi, and this is through real experiments, real 
events that have happened - any store with a very, very high throughput, it's 
kind of overflowing at the brim, I just need to open more stores around that 
cluster. It's as simple as that. So, assuming I'm doing INR20 crores a month on 
a particular store and it's like very high throughput turnover per square feet, 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 58 
 
and I open another store close by and this INR20 crores store drops down to 
INR15 crores, but that additional store again gives me an additional INR20 
crores. Right? So that's the whole idea. 
So, can I add more stores, is the solution to issues like these. And we have 
done this kind of activities. By design, during COVID time, we bought many 
new locations even in Mumbai. And this is the outcome. That net of both, the 
old and the new store, it is value accretive for us. So that's the way to do it. 
Notwithstanding the opportunities that are available in DMart Ready. We do 
that too. But it is not either / or. I keep saying brick-and-mortar and e-
commerce is the way to go. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sorry, Neville, I was referring to the 1%, 1.5% as you said -- I think you said it 
is possible from the quick commerce perspective. And that's what I was trying 
to kind of understand, that when you say there is a possible impact from e-
commerce, you're essentially saying because the consumer is reducing their 
inventory. How are you looking at this impact? That's what I was trying to 
understand. The impact from our own capacity, that I am clear on. But this 
one I was trying to kind of understand how do you look at this? 
Neville Noronha: 
Like I said, stores which are doing exceedingly high revenue per square feet, 
its ability to grow at the rate of inflation gets a bit challenged. That's the point 
I wanted to make. And then at the other end, you have from a commercial 
standpoint, quick commerce who is delivering excellent convenience. Almost 
zero friction and delivery at home. So, then the top end discerning customer, 
probably who's shopping at DMart may fall off. To that extent there could be 
a 50 bps to 100 bps kind of change in growth rates for such stores. That is the 
point I was trying to make. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay. So, you are referring from that consumer probably going away and that 
is the possibility. Got it. That's all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Neville Noronha: 
There is a disclaimer there - my observation and comments are only for this 
year. So, if something significantly changes during the year, I will talk about it 
next year. So, this is my understanding of what's happening right now. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 58 
 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. So, you're saying as on date, if this scenario becomes either less 
stable or more stable for us, it might kind of produce an increase. Got it, sir. 
Got it. Thank you very much, sir. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thank you, Avi. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra, JPMorgan 
Chase. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on your expectations on 
gross margin profile over the medium-term. You clearly mentioned the mix is 
going to probably be stable with general merchandise and apparel. I was 
trying to understand a couple of enablers of gross margins and your thoughts 
on that on the FMCG and food side. One was, your terms of trade with leading 
suppliers in order to leverage the scale benefits - how does that play out? 
Do you see premiumization of the FMCG and food portfolio within your mix? 
And the last enabler could be the private label contribution. So, if you could 
share some thoughts on how these key things could behave and would they 
in any way imply potential for gross margin improvement over the medium-
term? That's the first question. Thank you. 
Neville Noronha: 
Hi, Latika. I'll take the terms of trade and the branded FMCG part of the 
question first. This is all work in progress. The whole idea is that the more and 
more revenue you deliver and the more and more contribution you deliver 
from a business contribution to a FMCG company's business, obviously, your 
bargaining power improves. 
Now, you have two ways to deal with it. Your improvement in bargaining 
power means more gross margins or better value to consumers. That’s the 
choice as a retailer you have to take. And we do that, right? We decide, okay, 
how much of this has to go back to consumers and how much of it has to be 
retained. So that is one way of looking at it. 
 
On private labels, I have constantly made comments which have remained 
consistent and it continues to be the same. It's a very, very long journey. You 
have to give it a lot of time. India is still a USD2,500-USD3,000 per capita 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 58 
 
income country. Private labels play out beautifully when at least the country 
is at a USD7,000-USD8,000 kind of per capita income. We have a long way to 
go from all these standpoints. And I continue to hold that position that 
branded companies are very, very competitive and it's not very easy to deliver 
a private label at equal to a better quality at significantly cheaper price. 
 
See, we want the products to be significantly cheaper than a branded 
company product at a significantly large discount. Only then does it really play 
around with the ethos of what DMart stands for. You would like to put the 
DMart name on the product only if it stands for that. That’s why from that 
standpoint, we believe that this is going to take a lot of time. 
 
Now, coming to the overall scheme of things. See, whatever we do today, 
14%-15% gross margin, we're going to play around that. Anything beyond 
that, we want to pass it on to the customer. We don't want to retain it 
because we are running this on the principle of value. Delivering great value 
through high-quality operational excellence and keeping costs low. That’s the 
broad philosophy. The feel I'm getting from this question is that it is more 
about margins. 
My response to you is, we are more a top line-driven company and we believe 
that if we continue to remain relevant to the customer from a value 
standpoint then margins, ROI, all of that will follow. It will come. But the 
philosophy is to be very, very relevant, distinctly relevant, differentially 
relevant to consumers. Consumers, when they think about DMart, they think 
different. That's the whole philosophy. It captures the imagination of the 
customer from delivering great products at great value. That's the philosophy 
of the business. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thanks. The second bit was a follow up on something you alluded to while 
answering the question on apparel, on talent. Just wanted to hear from you, 
any particular changes or incremental talent that you've hired at category 
head levels, on the technology side, on your e-commerce operations, 
anything you want to talk about or share with us on capability building side. 
Thank you. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
It’s a good question. I think we are grappling with two things. One is that, we 
are running an enterprise which in absolute terms is very, very large. When 
you talk about a 15% or a 20% CAGR, if you add that and look at that from a 
value term, it's a very, very large value, right? 
And this value is being delivered, again, from distributed points of sale. It's 
different stores, locations, culture, people, all of that. There’s an enormous, 
what should I say, management bandwidth requirement to just get this entire 
ship running in the right trajectory, right direction, and with the relevant 
speed. 
 
We are thinking about what this Company will be 10 years from now. We're 
not talking about the next year. And hence, if you want to reach there in a 
nice way without too much of damage or bruises, then what is the kind of 
talent we need to have today in the next two years, in the next three years, 
next five years. That's the way we're thinking about it. 
If you ask me, my team and I, the top leadership is thinking about how we 
should imagine the quality of talent we should have that can take us to where 
we want to be 10 years from now. The moment you put the right questions 
on the table, then you have a very clear view about what you need to do from 
a talent standpoint. And that's probably the ethos I wanted to share with you. 
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. Thank you, and all the best. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from 
Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Hi, Neville and team. A few questions. So first, on the store addition, you did 
mention about lumpy additions at some point. But when you look at additions 
internally, do you also think about it as percentage or you typically look at it 
more like 40 to 60 stores? How do you think about the additions on an annual 
basis? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
Like I said, for this year also, we have projected 40-45 stores. I mean, again, 
I'm saying that I don't want you to project something very large in the 
immediate future. But in the longer term, we have to go at a higher run rate. 
If you remember, in my last analyst call also I said that we are ready to even 
open 60 stores. The capability as of last year was we can even open 60 stores 
per annum. So, you can take a range of 40 to 60 over the next three years. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. And a follow up to that, Neville, and pardon me if it's a naive question. 
But let's say, in an economy where real estate is doing so well and there is a 
formalization - what is the bottleneck when you are thinking about adding the 
stores? I know you buy out the land, and this is substantial investment. But in 
a cycle where real estate is doing so well, can you just highlight why it is 
lumpy? Why it is not as predictable? Is it the team issue? Is it the site issue? 
Can you just elaborate? 
Neville Noronha: 
We decide that we will open these many stores in this much timeline. But in 
India a lot of things don't happen on time. And some locations also surprise 
you. They happen ahead of time, but that's more of a rare phenomenon. 
That’s how it is. It is unpredictable. And I have commented on these multiple 
times over the last three to four years. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Sure, sure. I recall that. The other question is on DMart Ready, at a system 
level, Neville, what would be the average delivery time in case of, let's say, 
DMart Ready, wherever the customer opts for delivery? 
Neville Noronha: 
On home delivery, we fleshed out some data. We ignore the time between 
11:00 p.m. and 06:00 a.m. in the morning. Ignore this time. We don't count 
that as delivery time. But I think around 40%-45% of our deliveries happen 
within 12 hours. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Within 12 hours. Okay. 
Neville Noronha: 
And about 86% of our deliveries happen within 24 hours, and then balance 
14%, why it doesn't happen is because customers plan the date of delivery. 
It's not that we can't do it, but when we give them visibility on when do they 
want their slot, they purposefully pick a date, which is later, because of which 
the balance 14% is after 24 hours. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 58 
 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. Okay. And on one of the points, again, Neville, you mentioned about 
there is maybe 1%, 1.5% impact because of QC, etc. But do you find yourself 
in a bit of - although that's a conscious choice you have made, but in a bit of 
a disadvantageous position, simply because you don't have customer data. 
So, let's say, if I'm a shopper at DMart and I move to QC, you will never come 
to know, given that you don't have the intelligence in terms of how many 
times I'm coming to your store. Do you think you may need to rethink on the 
data strategy because the competition is coming from unknown quarters also 
now? Or you think that you are happy working with the aggregates, as has 
been your strategy for such a long time? 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah, it's a good question, Vivek. Internally when these same questions have 
been asked by my team, I say that, look, the only one single indicator that 
probably we are blindfolded or refused to accept what is obvious is, if my sales 
or my profits is telling me something negative. If my sales are great, my 
customers are talking nice about me, my model is working perfectly fine, my 
margins are intact, my SSSG growths are intact, then why should I change? 
Number one. 
 
Number two, specifically, to answer your question on the QC side. QC is 
convenience. QC is full price. It is completely opposite to what DMart stands 
for. DMart is value. DMart is, I would say, a little inconvenient It's a bit 
inconvenient. But it delivers great value. So that's it. 
 
So, we would like to rather play on the positioning of value and then create 
something in the digital space. And I think when you think like that, DMart 
always believes in doing something which is very difficult for others to follow. 
If you build DNA such that everybody can see what you're doing, but they 
can't do it. I mean, that is our pursuit, the model that we try to build. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And as a follow up to that question, and that would be my last one, 
Neville. From a top-down, when you look at as the head of the organization 
or the CEO, there are, let's say, for argument's sake, there are two verticals 
that you have, right? One which is DMart, and the other is DMart Ready. I 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 58 
 
know there are a few more beyond that. One has a lot of data, right, DMart 
Ready, whereas the other one is working on aggregates. 
 
Do you find that DMart Ready data to be rich? Are you able to do -- do you do 
a lot of analysis on that? Is that a precursor for you to -- if the data is rich, if 
you have a lot of insights, is that a precursor to implement that in DMart? So, 
can you just talk about what is your view on all the data that you collect at 
DMart Ready level? 
Neville Noronha: 
I think I'll give this opportunity to Vikram, who heads DMart Ready for us, to 
respond. Vikram, can you take this question? 
Vikram Dasu: 
Yeah. Hi, Vivek. So, the question is around how we are leveraging data, right? 
Is that right? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
That is right. And -- so, one part is, how are you -- what all are you doing with 
that data? Number one. And number two, from DMart Ready, is there a case 
-- if there is something good that you are doing with that data, is there a case 
to think about it, in case of DMart-based business itself? 
Vikram Dasu: 
Sure. I'll let Neville address the latter part of that. But on the data part, yeah, 
you're right, there's a lot of data that we generate on every second basis 
within the business, and we use a lot of that data to sort of improve our own 
input metrics. There are tons of things that happen for us to be able to fulfil 
an order that a customer places. You may also have seen that we're not super 
big into aggressive marketing or advertising. All of that data that we are 
generating, we are using it to improve our internal metrics. There is a lot of 
data that we generate, not just on customers, but also on how we are 
operating. 
 
And will that be useful for DMart? By all means. But as Neville mentioned, 
there are tons of things that we are already doing, right? We are working on 
making sure that the value proposition is right for the customer. What else do 
you really work on? As long as we know that the stores are working at the 
most efficient levels and the input metrics are showing the right directional 
trajectory, there's not too much else that you can really do with data. And we 
use that data in a sensible manner. I'm not suggesting that data is useless or 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 58 
 
anything like that. It's just that we are not big into using data to manipulate 
customers' behaviour in a short-term outlook. Does that make sense? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. Sure. I like the word that you've used. And Neville, any thoughts on -- 
from this perspective to the off-line store? 
Neville Noronha: 
Integrating information of the online space for the off-line store - I'll tell you 
only one very clear insight, Vivek, which I think I have alluded to, not last year, 
but I think last to last year. I think the digital space just fascinates you in terms 
of what all they can do which we cannot. I think there are some very powerful 
elements of what online space can do which we cannot, which is the cost of 
experimentation and the long-tail item selling capability. I think that is 
something that brick-and-mortar, at least, a DMart brick-and-mortar can't do. 
 
I think that's where it compliments also - they are the big brother and not us. 
It’s very humbling. Very humbling what digital can tell you, teach you at very 
short notice. And I think from that standpoint, we're leveraging the 
information and the learning. That's my point of view on the digital side. The 
DMart Ready business. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. Got it. Thank you. And wishing you and your team all the very best, 
Neville. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thanks. Thanks, Vivek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Hi, Neville. My first question was to do 
with your opening remarks, Neville, that since the second half of last year, we 
are seeing a smart recovery in the GMA portfolio. And you also said that we 
will maintain the current levels of 23% and not going back to 27%, 28%. Now, 
how should we understand this from going forward perspective, that where 
will these improvements get reflected in terms of the Company's P&L going 
ahead? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
Hi, Sheela. I keep saying this. I don't know what is the aspiration level in the 
analyst community on gross margin, but we've been towering between 14% 
and 15%, or 14% and 15.5%, and that's where it's going to be. So, whether it's 
GMA, whatever it is, or whatever it could be, the way we look at it is what is 
the blended average gross margin going to be? 
 
And in this business. I really cannot predict beyond a point. I mean, there is a 
range within which we can say, okay, fine, this is where we're going to be. But 
I can't give you a finite number, and most importantly, business is dynamic, 
competition should be factored in, multiple other things, right? So ideally, 
can't give you a straight answer, but I think 14.5%, 15%, 15.5%, those are the 
kind of ranges we play in from a gross margin standpoint. You have to look at 
a blended gross margin. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Actually, my question was not to do with the margins actually. My question 
was, GMA is coming back. The shares are maintained at 23% level. Will it get 
reflected in the top line growth then? I mean, how should we capture it apart 
from your commentary that GMA is coming back? Will there be a way to 
capture it? Because, like you're saying margins will be maintained. It will get 
more and more challenging for us to analyze that in terms of share. 
Neville Noronha: 
I can't give you any projections on what our growth rates are going to be, 
number of stores that we are going to add, what our gross margin is going to 
be. I can't give you that. It's difficult. I can't tell you that. It's not that I have 
information I'm not sharing with you, but I can't crystal ball and give you a 
finite number there. I'll give you colour. I'll give you qualitative understanding 
of where we are trending. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Fair point. Second point, again, is that, you mentioned for e-commerce that 
consciously we are making a decision not to grow very fast. But are there any 
areas in the last few years where we think that we should speed up in terms 
of growth going ahead? Obviously, store expansion is something you have 
already called out. But when you think about formats like Minimax, is there 
an opportunity for us to take that up? We added six stores this year, but how 
does that fit into our growth strategy? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
I think from the e-commerce standpoint, and this is again, a very divergent 
call I'm making from what I actually thought would be the way e-commerce 
would be - we are seeing that the home delivery model is a better model. So, 
it's exactly opposite of what we used to say earlier because the numbers 
prove it. 
Home delivery in large towns is the way to go. We should do whatever it takes 
to build fulfilment centres in large towns quickly, as quickly as possible so that 
we are able to deliver in at least 12 hours. I mean, that's the aspiration. So, 
primarily growing faster than what we are doing right now in large towns in 
DMart Ready is the way to go. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And on Minimax? 
Neville Noronha: 
It's still an experimentation. We feel that the market is not yet ready for that 
model. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And in the past, you have mentioned the share of home delivery used to be 
50%. How has that number trended now? 
Neville Noronha: 
Had I said 50%? 
Sheela Rathi: 
More or less similar, that is what you had mentioned in the past, a couple of 
years ago. 
Neville Noronha: 
So now it's better. Whatever in the past is getting better and better. What is 
happening is that there is a sharper segmentation in the consumer's mind. 
The consumer says, look, if you want me to take all the effort and come to a 
store, then I want great value. And that's what DMart stands for. And there's 
another customer who says, great, DMart is giving great value, but it's also 
charging me for home delivery. 
 
So, if you're giving me convenience, I might as well take that convenience 
wholeheartedly and get the product delivered at home. So, there's a clear, 
clear segmentation happening in the consumer's mind and the pickup point 
is sitting somewhere in between. It’s a bit fuddy-duddy, right? It's neither 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 58 
 
here, nor there, and hence, the gravitational force is tilting either to the store 
or to home delivery. 
Sheela Rathi: 
So, we will have to relook at our DMart Ready stores. Is that what you are 
coming to really? 
Neville Noronha: 
If you've seen the data, we have recalibrated, consolidated, right? We've shut 
a lot of pickup points. It's primarily to kind of rework on the whole operating 
model on the DMart Ready side. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Just one final question. We saw some advertising on first three orders free on 
DMart Ready. Was there a tactical call in terms of getting more customers? 
And what was the kind of success we saw around it? 
Neville Noronha: 
I'll ask Vikram to respond to that. 
Vikram Dasu: 
We are seeing some good kind of traction there on that promotion. The idea 
here is to let customers sample our service. And our data has suggested that 
people who use our service for two or three times tend to stick with us 
because they really grokked the value that we are providing. And so, that's 
something that we've started doing a few months before. And it's starting to 
show some really good results. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi. Good afternoon. Sir, two questions. One, I mean, just mathematically, as 
your cash from operations increases, and especially as you're opening more 
stores in smaller towns, would the number of stores just mathematically go 
up because we have more cash available to open stores, given that utility 
would match store adds, capex and cash from operations? 
Neville Noronha: 
Opportunity to open more will increase, definitely. 
Aditya Soman: 
Great. And the other thing is, I mean, just to add to this, right, the area of the 
cluster also keeps widening, right? So, when you open within the cluster, even 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 58 
 
that cluster itself is widening. So, in theory, I mean, there is no reason why -- 
I mean, I know you've said 40 to 60 stores over two to three years, but in 
theory, that number should keep going up as your -- one, as your revenues 
and cash flows improve, and second, as your cluster size increases, right? 
Neville Noronha: 
Absolutely, Aditya. So, I was just reflecting back on all my comments over the 
last seven, eight years, just reading through all of them. If you remember post-
IPO, I used to talk about 10 to 15 stores. We moved from there to 40 to 60 
stores. So, obviously, it goes up, right? It will. It has to. Our entire effort is in 
that direction. 
Aditya Soman: 
Very clear. And secondly, I mean, just on private brands, right? I mean, I just 
want to break this question up a little bit. So, one, you have these DMart 
Premia products, which I can sort of get this from sales of Align Retail, which 
will be somewhere between 5% to 6% of sales. And then you have all these 
branded products that you are now launching. At last count, I had found about 
130 of them but maybe there's more. And then there is general merchandise 
which you pack. So, can you give us a rough sense of what the contribution of 
each of these would be overall? 
Neville Noronha: 
We don't disclose it. We don't disclose those numbers. 
Aditya Soman: 
The DMart Premia stuff, that would be fair, right? That the Align Retail 
numbers would be a good way to deduce that? 
Neville Noronha: 
Yes. Partly yes. 
Aditya Soman: 
Okay. And the other part of the business, would it be at least similar size, 
larger size, any sense on that? 
Neville Noronha: 
No, I'll prefer not to comment on that. 
Aditya Soman: 
Okay. Then maybe just, I mean, even if not numerically, right, I mean, I see 
that the number of products has been increasing and maybe accelerating in 
the last year or so. Would that be a fair assumption? 
Neville Noronha: 
I'll give you a direction about how to look at this. You will get a sense of how 
well we are doing in private labels, simply basis the PKD. That's it. That's the 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 58 
 
way to look at it. If the product is lying on shelf for too long, that means the 
category is not doing well. It's as simple as that. So, make a call basis that. 
Aditya Soman: 
That's very cool. Thank you. 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. 
Garima Mishra: 
Yeah. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Neville, first question, in the 
previous call, you had mentioned that the proportion of overall store count 
located in cities with population of more than 1 million had declined to 60% 
in FY '23 from a larger number earlier. So, was this a trend you witnessed in 
FY '24 as well and maybe this is a trend to be witnessed in the future also? 
Neville Noronha: 
So, I remember during the last year’s analyst call, I kind of jumbled up a lot of 
numbers. We have ensured the homework was better this time. We’ve got 
1% better in less than 5 lakh town population, we were at 28% of the store 
cohorts in FY '23, it's become 29%. So, we have 29% of our store cohorts in 
less than 5 lakh population towns. In financial year 2020, that number was 
21%. So, in five years, we've got an 8% increase in store count in this pop 
strata. I hope you're getting it, Garima. So, from 21% of the store cohort in 
financial year 2020, we were at 28% last year. This year, we are at 29%. So, 
29% of our stores are in lower pop strata towns. 
Garima Mishra: 
Understood. That is clear. Second, if you just look at that slide on store 
addition, and while, of course, a lot of stores do go back into clusters where 
you're already present, you do keep adding stores in newer areas as well, let's 
say, Rajasthan, NCR, etc. So, for specifically some of these stores, are these 
stores tracking metrics that are similar to those in your core geographies, let's 
say, of Maharashtra, Gujarat, etc.? 
Neville Noronha: 
Broadly, everything is in line. There is no major divergence. So younger the 
vintage, the financial metrics will be relatively lesser than the balance cohort. 
But the newer store cohort trend line has been the same for the last 10 to 15 
years. So, everything under control. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 58 
 
Garima Mishra: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. 
Neville Noronha: 
And irrespective of regions. That’s the beauty about our model. The beautiful 
thing about our model is whether it's North India, South India, West India – 
East, we're still not there but from a financial standpoint, we are doing fine. 
And that's why the model cuts across all SEC, ethnicity, culture, everything, 
and that's the beauty. 
Garima Mishra: 
Understood. That's good to know. One question, Neville, in the 1Q FY '25 
results release, you did mention that some of your opex had gone up due to 
efforts on improving service levels and building capabilities for the future. So, 
could you explain what exactly, which line items are you referring to here? 
Neville Noronha: 
Broadly, two things are happening. I think we've been all talking about 
product inflation, but I think at a lower level, wage inflation is also going up 
rapidly. Okay. That's one thing which is very, very clearly being observed. The 
second thing is, we are also working on building our capabilities, talent, all of 
that from a perspective of a little bit more longer thinking in terms of, like I 
just answered in the previous question, that what will this Company be 10 
years from now?  
 
Or what should it be like? And hence, what is the kind of talent ecosystem we 
need to build and start thinking about from today? And I think this thought 
had emerged a year and a half, two years back, and we were in the journey of 
building those capabilities over the last one year. It’s a combination of both 
of these. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. So, if I hear you right, this essentially refers mostly to people and talent 
within the organization. 
Neville Noronha: 
Absolutely. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. Last question from me. This is on DMart Ready. So, Mumbai is, I think, 
your oldest city in terms of numbers of years present. So, do you think at least 
in Mumbai, or let's say, MMR, to be specific, you're present in pretty much all 
pin codes that you would want to be present in? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 58 
 
Vikram Dasu: 
This is Vikram, we are present in all but a couple of pin codes, which are 
actually not very serviceable. But, yeah, MMR, Mumbai Metropolitan Region, 
we are fully covered. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. Thanks, Neville. Thanks, Vikram, for answering my questions. 
Vikram Dasu: 
You're welcome. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thank you. Welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Sachdeva from HSBC. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question. Hi, Neville. I have two 
questions, one on DMart Ready. It’s a very basic question. Is DMart Ready 
consumer seeking convenience at the margin or more value? Basically, where 
I'm getting at is because there is a clear -- you also mentioned that the 
convenience pie, which is -- consumer is trying to sort of get a service, is 
willing to pay for it. 
But my question is, in the last four or five years, you've built DMart Ready, 
which is clearly showing that EBITDA margin is still minus 2% to minus 3%. So 
operating model, even if some scale up has happened, profitability is still 
elusive. Is there an opportunity for price discrimination here between physical 
store to online? And if it is profitable and stands on its own feet, then your 
ambition to grow faster may change as well. 
I mean, what I'm trying to ask is that, is it the limitation because you want to 
give value, but convenience is a conflict? How do we think about this? Why 
not pursue that as a convenience opportunity which can price discriminate 
and get more profits out of it and hence, can grow faster and can service more 
customers who want that convenience? I just want to get a thought on that? 
Neville Noronha: 
The thought is very clear, Amit, just because it's digital, we are not saying it 
will be convenience. Our positioning will be on value. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Sure. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
We are very clear because in the consumer’s mind, DMart stands for value. 
We want to maintain that. We don't want to create dissonance in the 
customer's mind. It's not good. DMart stands for value. The idea is, how do 
we build an operating model that in spite of delivering at home, can you bring 
that value proposition saliency in the consumer's mind? That's the whole 
idea. So, whatever it takes to do that, I think that's what we'll focus on. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
So, what we could change that this EBITDA margin starts to move in a positive 
direction? 
Neville Noronha: 
I don't have a point of view. We simply feel very delighted and excited that 
we've reached here in such a short period of time. And with the kind of 
EBITDA losses that you just mentioned. I think it's promising. And you have to 
give these things time. The best part is, you have a brick-and-mortar business 
delivering great profits and is able to fund. And with such low losses, I think 
the larger business can afford to give it more time to make it profitable and 
to stand on its own feet over a period of time. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. No. Fair enough. Thanks so much. Just a last bit on this is, on DMart 
Ready. What's the ticket size of DMart Ready order, if I may ask? 
Neville Noronha: 
We don't disclose those numbers. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Okay. No worries. On DMart Ready, I completely understand. My second 
question is on the general merchandise. I don't know whether this estimate 
is correct, but correct me if I'm wrong. I think for the full year, the revenue 
mix was 22.37%, and in the first half of FY '24, this mix was 23.21%, which 
would imply that this mix actually deteriorated to 21.6% in the second half of 
general merchandise, which seems like a bit of a deterioration rather than an 
improvement. And while you say Q1 has become better, how do we reconcile 
that? Are the numbers in Q1 substantially better than 21.6%, which was in 
the second half? Or is this assessment wrong? Correct me if I'm reading this 
incorrectly? 
Neville Noronha: 
How are you comparing it? How are you comparing Q1? 
Amit Sachdeva: 
No, I'm just saying that for the full year, that number was 22.37%. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
Okay. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
So, if I take that number, 22.37%, you get a certain number in the revenue 
mix, taking the four quarters. Right? And when you take first half, first half 
was 23.21%. 
Neville Noronha: 
Where did you get first quarter -- okay, okay. Sorry. Yeah. Okay. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
So, implicitly, the second half becomes 21.6%. 
Neville Noronha: 
Correct. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
So, which seems like a marked deterioration rather than an improvement. 
While you say the second half was quite good and Q1 seems quite better as 
well. It seems to me that there was still deterioration happening in the second 
half of the revenue mix. 
Neville Noronha: 
Okay. I've not done the numbers the way you've done, but I've got the sense 
of what you're trying to say. My response to that is that, first quarter is 
actually from a revenue mix standpoint, the best. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Okay. 
Neville Noronha: 
And then is the Diwali quarter. Okay? Then is Q2. Okay? And the worst is Q4, 
March quarter. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Sure. 
Neville Noronha: 
With a reasonable confidence, I can say that, this financial year will be equal 
to or better than FY '24 GMA contribution. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. Got it. And it is because the apparel is sort of bottomed out and looking 
like a little bit better. Is it an opportunity to shape the general merchandise 
mix, non-apparel, as well? Or are you still stable and nothing really much can 
change here? 
Neville Noronha: 
The way to look at it, Amit, is apparel we believe we can go back to the older 
days of contribution, which was maybe pre-COVID. That’s one part. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 58 
 
 
The other part is, we see an opportunity in GM, general merchandise to be a 
larger opportunity in the long term. So, for us, the general merchandise 
opportunity is a larger opportunity and apparel is more defensive. We can get 
back to where we should be. But are we very optimistic about apparel as 
much as we are about GM? No. GM salience to our model is better than 
apparel salience is to our model. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. Without seeking any guidance because I think one of the things that 
was earlier asked as well, that if the GMA, general merchandise starts to do 
at least better, one would expect that revenue growth should accelerate in 
the remaining of the year. I mean, without seeking guidance. But do you feel 
little confident that we are on that trajectory that revenue growth should 
accelerate as well over FY '24, given the network rollout and given the other 
problems are getting fixed? Because we saw something like 18-odd kind of 
percent of numbers in the first four quarters on an average. But do you see 
that number should be better as well in FY '25, the growth trajectory? Without 
seeking any guidance, but the way things are moving, what's your sense? 
Neville Noronha: 
I would say the other way around. I would be a little conservative on the 
guidance from that standpoint, rather than being optimistic, I would say that 
it is getting more and more challenging to maintain a 15% to 20% CAGR 
growth rate if I continue to grow at only 40 stores per annum. The real driver 
of CAGR growth rate is accelerated store additions. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Sure. 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah. So that's the way to look at it. And we don't look at, oh, because my 
GMA contribution went up and that should be the driver of revenue growth. 
Absolutely not. The driver of revenue will be the store additions. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Understood. That's very clear, Neville. And on the store addition, since we are 
at it, like the last two quarters, the average area that we roughly calculate is 
still around 40,000 now, which was way high in '22 or something like that. So, 
is it now the right template of 40,000 kind of store, is that a reasonable way 
to sort of see the store sizes or is it quite variable still? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
Very variable, Amit. We don't look at it like that. I've repeatedly said that. 
When you're in the model that we have, I mean, whatever land is available, 
what sizing, the construct, all of that. Right? It is a broad range we play in. Like 
we said, historically we were at 30,000-35,000 square feet. Obviously, we see 
opportunity in the store size being larger for sure, but forget the range, don't 
go by the 5%-10% vagaries of average store size every year. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it, got it, got it. Fair enough. Thank you so much, Neville. And thank you 
so much for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Harish Bihani from 
Kotak Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Harish Bihani: 
Good afternoon, Neville and team. Hello? 
Neville Noronha: 
Hi, Harish. Go ahead. 
Harish Bihani: 
Hi. So again, my question is on the store addition. If I look at your last few 
years conversation, even in the last conference call, you clearly mentioned 
that you test your team, yourself on a 15% number. But when we look at this 
number for last few years, it's trending below the 15% number. Now, we were 
presuming that this 15% number should at least start coming through from 
fiscal '25, given that there would be backlog of some delays, etcetera in fiscal 
'24, that should come through. 
But basis the initial conversation that we had so far, it seems like, we'll be 
again closer to 40, 45. So this is a little perplexing to me. And you mentioned 
that there will be delays, India factor, delays happen, but at least there should 
be a point of breakout. It's not happening, Neville, for last few years, 
especially, last year was okay. There were issues last year. At least this year, 
we should have seen some signs of things improving on that store count 
number. And we should be doing, say, a 55 this year, 65 next year and 75 next 
year ballpark to be able to do a 15% CAGR number that you're talking about. 
Neville Noronha: 
I take that feedback, Harish. And the only thing I'll tell you is we're trying our 
best. I completely feel and sense the point you're trying to make, but we'll try 
our best to do what's needed for the health of the business and the growth 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 58 
 
of the business. But point taken. I have no defence on that standpoint that 
you have. That is also our aspiration. So yeah, but we'll try to do our best on 
that front. 
Harish Bihani: 
Sure. And like in the apparel business where you clearly mentioned that there 
were internal issues and we are working on that and things should improve, 
in this case, how much of this is internal and how much of this is external? 
Neville Noronha: 
I have answered. I have answered repeatedly on this question. I understand 
the mood that your community has on inorganic growth, revenue growth and 
the drivers of it, primary being store opening. But the story is the same. It's 
both internal, external, everything. But... 
Harish Bihani: 
No, I meant the store opening. Is it that there are internal bottlenecks which 
again we presume that you would have made the changes in the last few 
years and you'd have seen a ramp-up over there. At least to do 200 stores in 
the next three years, you need to have visibility today to do 200 stores, right? 
Neville Noronha: 
You’re absolutely right. I think I spoke a lot about it in the last analyst meet. 
Maybe not this year, but the year after that, I hope that we will have a better 
rate of store openings, additions. 
Harish Bihani: 
This is an internal bottleneck, Neville, or there are some external challenges 
and prices have shot up, you're not getting the right store location because 
you're still buying 90% of stores that you need to build up? 
Neville Noronha: 
It is multiple things, internal, external, everything. But we're working on it. 
But external is also a factor. Let me put it this way. Who else does what we 
do in the country, a country of 140 crore people, in a business such as retail, 
at this scale, who else does what we do? Nobody or some people do in parts. 
It's tough. It's extremely, extremely tough. I've been saying this, but not as an 
excuse, just to give a colour to what this model is. And we like to do things 
which are difficult, right? Especially when it's difficult for others to do. But 
we're okay. Even if I'm adding 40 or 50 stores per year, it's great. It's good. 
Can it be better? Of course, it can be better. Is it testing our capability? Of 
course not. We can do significantly better than this. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 58 
 
 
But we'll see, I keep saying this, judge us based on the past. You have data for 
the last seven years, probably even three to four years prior to IPO. You see 
the trajectory of store additions and then you judge us. But I will not give you 
a very precise number and what it will be in the future. But point taken. We 
are all working hard on that. 
Harish Bihani: 
Sure, sure. Thanks so much. Take care. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshen from Fidelity. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshen: 
Hi, sir. Two questions from my side. One was just around the business model. 
When we see value retailing landscape globally, we've seen global peers try 
different experiments. I don't know if you have thoughts on whether 
something like Costco can be done in India by somebody like you? That's one. 
Second is, as you alluded that in smaller towns and cities, DMart is still a 
destination, people go and shop, you get a lot of footfall and you own the land 
around it. I don't know if there is thought to monetize that footfall through 
different means. At the top of my head, good food or some entertainment, 
something to that effect can be done? Or you see yourself largely sticking to 
value retailing? That's the first question. I'll let you answer and then ask the 
second one. 
Neville Noronha: 
It’s two questions in one. One is, you said Costco, and can we do something 
like Costco in India? I have replied to this in multiple forums, that retail is very 
intrinsic to the culture, history, many other soft aspects of a particular 
country. And you cannot usually parachute a model that has worked 
somewhere else in another country very easily, specifically when it comes to 
value retail or grocery, I have no comment on the other types of retail. 
 
I mean, like for example, let's look at luxury retail, right? The playbook is 
exactly the same, format, assortment, all of that. I'm not commenting on that 
kind of formats. But when I talk about food, basic items, all of that, a lot of 
other nuances that matter, and hence local retailers automatically get an 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 33 of 58 
 
advantage over an MNC kind of a retailer. So that's one thing I'd like to 
respond to about the relevance of a Costco model in India. So that's the way 
we think about it. 
 
Second thing is you said about monetizing other aspects because of the trend 
of footfalls. Our very clear view on that and in fact, it's also very clearly my 
personal view that the moment you start diverting the focus from your core 
business, it's not a good sign. I think the DMart model has got such a 
humongous multi-decadal opportunity just by doing this. And you succeed in 
this only when you have that razor-sharp focus, because it's a low margin, 
high efficiency, high employee connects kind of a business. If you try to 
distract yourself from focusing on these aspects and focus into other things, 
it will diminish value for the entire business, especially when the opportunity 
is so large. I think focusing just on doing DMart is the way to go. 
Akshen: 
Secondly, you made your view very clear on private label and you feel that 
existing brands do a better job at it. Until and unless you don't -- you can't do 
it at the right price, there's no point doing it. Just as an extension to that 
question, when we go visit the stores now, we see a lot of new brands, D2C 
brands, on the shelf. Just wanted to get your philosophy that is this something 
that you experiment or is this trying to maximize your gross margin or is this 
something that you typically pull for and hence that finds itself on the shelf of 
DMart? 
Neville Noronha: 
It's only pull, pull, pull. It's just customer preference. We only focus on that as 
a number one priority. So D2C brands who become reasonably large and now 
want to have the next level of growth, they come to us and that's the right 
approach. People should come to DMart only when an INR10 crores company 
wants to become an INR100 crores company. A company who has zero or 
INR1 crores, if it comes to DMart, the chances of success are going to be very, 
very limited. 
Akshen: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 34 of 58 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, sir. Firstly, couple of questions from the annual report. So, I see that capital 
commitments have gone up to about INR3,600 crores versus INR2,100 crores 
earlier. So that's a very large increase. Does this have any bearing on the 
number of stores that will come up in the next few quarters? And if not, then 
what does this number really signify? That's one part of the question.  
 
The other part is, if I look at your annual report and look at the amount you 
paid for the land per square feet of stores added in this year, that is about 
INR7,300 per square feet of land cost for the 40 stores added this year versus 
INR4,600 per square feet for the 40 stores added last year. So, there's a 
significant inflation in land cost. So, is this on account of a change in the city 
mix where you have opened up more in metros or something like that? Or 
this is just a pure inflation in the land? So, these are the two relating to the 
annual report and then I'll probably have one on something else. Yeah. Thank 
you. 
Neville Noronha: 
Percy, that's not the way to look at it. I'm not a finance guy, but the limited 
understanding I have and Niladri is also with me, he'll add on to any points I 
have missed. The way I understand the balance sheet is that whenever you 
buy land, even though it's not operational for the store, it goes into your fixed 
assets, it doesn't go into CWIP. So, the entire land aggregation and addition 
that happens year-on-year could be for stores which are not only opening in 
that year, but also in the next few years. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Got it. 
Neville Noronha: 
So, it's the wrong way to look at it. But that's only one part of the answer. The 
second part of the answer is, if I take a three-year, five-year period, then land 
prices have definitely gone up. So, whatever we've paid for land, say, in 
Mumbai or Bangalore – Mumbai is an exception, I'll come to Mumbai 
separately. But if I take Bangalore or Hyderabad or many of the small towns 
also, the price at which we used to buy land maybe five, seven years back vis-
a-vis to what I buy today or the price that we bought 10 years back to what 
I'm buying today, of course, there is a huge level of inflation in land. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 35 of 58 
 
 
So, you have to look at it from that standpoint. Maybe if I have a 10-year 
balance sheet data and I lump three years together and then compare it with 
number of stores opened in three years and then derive some mathematical 
excel working, that will be more accurate than doing an annual number. Some 
blending will happen there. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Understood. And the capital commitment? 
Neville Noronha: 
Sorry? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Capital commitments, INR2,100 crores versus INR3,600 crores Y-o-Y? 
Niladri Deb: 
So capital commitment, Percy, is an outcome of open purchase orders at the 
end of the year. It depends on how many purchase orders are in various 
stages of progress. So, there could be a building we just started constructing 
in the month of, say, March. Right? So, the entire cost of the purchase order 
open is backloaded and hence you will see it as a balance sheet figure. It's a 
position at the end, at a point in time, not representative of the actual 
number. So, it depends on when you take the slice. If I have a store which is 
large and there's a capital commitment of, say, INR20 crores in that store, so 
that will inflate the number. But it's a fair indication of the likely construction 
cost that we are budgeting to incur over the next two, three years. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So, does this in any way sort of -- I mean, the fact that it is inflated so 
much on a Y-o-Y basis, is it a right conclusion to say that the number of store 
openings will also sort of inflate accordingly over the next one, one and a half 
years or no? 
Niladri Deb: 
It's a mix, I would say yes and a no. It’s a question of the cost of construction 
in a particular city, the size of the store we are planning to open, the number 
of lifts we have in a particular store, and stuff like that. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. 
Niladri Deb: 
Not very linear. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Understood. My next question is on your e-commerce venture. 
So just first of all, as a hygiene, sort of, just wanted to see if you could share 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 36 of 58 
 
a couple of numbers, that is the number of DMart stores end of FY '23 as well 
as end of FY '24. Is it possible to share that? 
Neville Noronha: 
For DMart Ready or DMart? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yeah, DMart Ready, sorry, not DMart. DMart Ready is what I'm talking about. 
Neville Noronha: 
So, you're talking about the pickup points, is it? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yeah. Then the number of stores. Yeah, that is the smaller sort of stores that 
you have of DMart Ready, which we see in the road sometimes, that would 
be the pickup as well as the delivery points. Right? 
Neville Noronha: 
So approximately, we've shut down around 200 locations. Percy, we had 573 
last year. There are 341 this year, we shut down 232. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, has the area of operations that you can service also come down 
accordingly? 
Neville Noronha: 
No. So, this was to improve operating leverage. So earlier, suppose if there 
were pick-up-points in say maybe a 1-1.5-kilometre radius kind of thing, 
probably it has reduced. So maybe we reduced it to increase the range. 
Maybe now you'll find one pickup point every 3 kilometres kind of a range or 
4 kilometres range, to kick off or improve the operating leverage of the pickup 
point. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Understood. And lastly, on your brick and mortar business, I got 
it in the previous discussions that basically you want to maintain a particular 
margin and any kind of efficiencies you have, you will pass it on to the 
consumer to become more competitive. So, I just wanted to understand if you 
have any more drivers lined up which can increase your discount versus MRP 
versus what it stands today. So, I think one or two years ago, you had done 
this direct delivery and stuff like that, which had given you 100 basis points. 
Are there any other drivers you see which can increase your discount to MRP 
versus what it stands today? 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah, it is the same playbook. It is about private labels, it is about GMA 
contribution, things like that. It's about your overall top line growth rate and 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 37 of 58 
 
hence how important you become for your suppliers in the branded space, so 
it's all three. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, any kind of rough guesstimate you can give that over the next two to three 
years, how much more you can sort of increase the discount versus what it is 
today, 200 basis points, 100 basis points? Any rough guesstimate on this? 
Neville Noronha: 
Cannot. Cannot. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Okay, sir, that's all from me. Thanks, and all the best. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thanks, Percy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amnish Aggarwal from 
Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Yeah. So, hi, Neville. So, my questions are essentially on DMart Ready. You 
see, now, as you said, we have shut the number of pickup points. So first of 
all, what is now the ratio of your home delivery versus pickup? And if I look 
at, say, in the slightly longer term, as you also said, that there are consumers 
who want convenience and there are consumers who want, you can say, your 
pricing. Now, if I look at, say, the quick commerce players, as they gain scale 
and they grow in size, maybe their terms of trade also improve over a period 
of time. So, on this count, where does DMart Ready stand with the other 
players involved? 
Neville Noronha: 
So, it's a good question. Obviously, when any suppliers' contributions increase 
or sales increase, their bargaining power will also increase. We are cognizant 
of that but at the same time, what we believe in a business such as retail, 
which is very process-oriented, you don't have any IP, it's all about who does 
it better. 
When we crunch our numbers at an operating principle level, from a cost 
level, I think we have a huge, huge advantage compared to quick commerce 
from a cost of operation standpoint. But I think where they have an edge over 
us is the gross margin. Their ability to earn gross margin is significantly better 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 38 of 58 
 
than us because they operate on the principle of convenience. So that's the 
way to look at it. 
 
To that point, I think eventually, who's going to win in the market is the 
question to ask. Our view is both will coexist. There is a set of customers who 
want delivery in 15 minutes, 20 minutes. They don't mind paying the 
premium. And it's a lovely model from that standpoint and very relevant for 
a country like India, especially large towns, where infra is a bit creaky. For 
people to reach from Point A to Point B is a bit challenging. So, from that 
standpoint, people who value time and convenience and comfort, this quick 
commerce business is fantastic. It will do well. 
 
At the same time, there is a set of customers who deeply appreciate value. 
So, for example, if they have an INR10,000 or INR15,000 budget on grocery, 
if there's an opportunity to say, hey, you know what, 50% or 60% of items, I 
don't need to have them quickly, but saving INR1,000 on that makes a lot of 
sense to me. And we believe that she will come to us for that. Now, what we 
also believe is, considering all things equal, if competition also tries to play 
the value game, I think in the long run, we will do better at that job. So that's 
the whole thinking. 
 
And we'll also try to take a decent share of that, even that discerning 
customers' wallet share. That's the way to look at it. So, for example, you'll 
have different customers and different SEC classes. The very premium SEC 
class will probably buy less from DMart. People will buy through multiple 
formats and DMart will try to be one of those for every customer of a city. 
 
That's the whole idea. And the digital strategy is also that, that we decide to 
get into this to play in that wallet share and not say that I will only do this, I 
will only address this customer segment. The idea is that, is there an 
opportunity to service within the discerning customer and take a part of that 
wallet share from the customer? And over time, we believe that customers 
will gravitate towards DMart also. That's the thought. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Okay, that's very helpful. And Neville now with 341 of our pickup points, and 
I believe each one of them would be say, maybe 200 or 300 odd square feet, 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 39 of 58 
 
so have you ever thought of that, can you convert those pickup points into 
something like a dark store or new dark store and also try to participate in the 
e-commerce market? 
Neville Noronha: 
No, 200 square feet is not good enough to run a dark store. A dark store I 
think needs at least 5,000 to 7,000 square feet to even do decent justice to 
the customer basket. So, it can't work, 200 square feet can't work. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Okay, understood. And like last year, we just added one more city in DMart 
Ready? So, are we done with the near term or we would see again this 
expansion in a number of cities? 
Neville Noronha: 
I want to comment on that because the next we are going to meet is one year 
later and 12 months is a long time in digital commerce. So, we will play by the 
ear. We will see how things go over the next 12 months and then decide what 
we need to do. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi, Neville, thank you for taking my question. Firstly, on the bill cuts, they have 
been going up. Just wanted to check on the trend of the shopping basket size. 
Do you see it reducing and what is the impact of this on you? Does it increase 
your SKU mix? So that's one. So, part two of it is do you see consumers 
experimenting more with brands and does that also require you to increase 
your SKUs and variety more? 
Neville Noronha: 
I think basket value has gone a little up in the last year. So, one thing, what 
we saw during COVID was that significant shopping habits changed, suddenly 
basket values went up during COVID which basically meant that the trips to 
the store reduced. And I think that really helps us from all aspects of the 
business. And that has maintained. So, basket values have been maintained. 
And so, on your other parts of the question, I think it's a continuous work in 
progress. See, the whole pursuit of the buying team is to catch the trend. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 40 of 58 
 
Right? Catch what people are buying, what are the new things that are 
happening in the market and continue to be relevant to the shopper. That's 
part of the job on a going concern basis. That’s the way we think about it. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Okay. Secondly, Neville, on revenue per square feet, it has come 
back to FY '20 levels. Can you throw some light on the average revenue per 
store in metros versus Tier 2, 3? And assuming you're driving more traffic 
because of the bill cuts being higher, what else is driving the revenue per 
square feet higher? 
Neville Noronha: 
It's multiple things. It's not like it's going leaps and bounds. This is a blended 
average of multiple things. We look at SSSGs at a store by store level basis age 
vintage. That’s the way we look at it. Footfall is going up, sales are going up 
for each of these stores. The mindset is store by store. Everything is reviewed 
store by store. We don't really believe in blended averages, per se. So, I don't 
know how to answer your question, but if revenue per square feet is going up 
by INR1,000 or thereabout, INR1,000 or INR2,000, there are multiple levers 
because of which it's happening that way. 
 
But broadly, what we are seeing is that younger the store, higher the growth 
rate. That is one trend. At a company level, we are at INR32,941 per square 
feet. But each cohort of stores are in very, very different ranges. The range is 
very, very wide. Like our very old stores are at a multiplier of this. It's not like 
20% - like the top end store is not 50% higher revenue per square feet. It's a 
multiple of INR32,000. Challenges on growth come when they peak out. So, if 
the top 10 stores having the highest multiple of INR32,000, they sometimes 
don't even grow at inflation rate. And it's not because there is anything wrong 
with that business. That store has peaked out. 
 
So, then the smartest thing to do is to open another store close by and 
distribute the revenue. So, the net gain, that is one store versus the old store 
plus new store open combined is value accretive. That's the way to look at it. 
But turnover per square feet has collapsed. So, it's not the right metric to look 
at. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 41 of 58 
 
Mihir Shah: 
I see. I was basically trying to understand if the newer stores will have 
essentially significantly lower revenue per square feet and the blend idly. But 
I hear you, I mean, on what you are indicating. 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah. 
Mihir Shah: 
Lastly, on DMart Ready, see, usually, Neville, FMCG brands, they indicate that 
any of the products that sell online have a higher gross margin profile sheerly 
because of the kind of products that the consumer buys are of better value. 
When we look at DMart Ready gross margins, what levers do you see to 
improve the gross margin profile for DMart Ready and will that be one of the 
key drivers for you to become profitable in a shorter period of time? 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah, I think assortment is the key. You have to have a reasonable divergence, 
reasonable, not very large, reasonable divergence on the brick and mortar 
assortment to improve the margin profile of DMart Ready. 
Mihir Shah: 
Okay, so you are indicating that, that is one key area of work that -- versus 
DMart brick and mortar, which has that higher gross margin profile, DMart 
Ready can get better than that? 
Neville Noronha: 
Yeah, so like I said, right, all the hard work that is done is done on the opex 
side. I think from an opex side, we are doing pretty well. I think now to make 
DMart Ready profitable is more of a margin challenge. I'm not saying there is 
no other operating leverage on the cost side; there is, but that will kick-in. We 
are pretty confident it will further kick in over time. But to make money in this 
business, it's a game of improving the margin profile. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. And can you share, out of the 22, 23 cities that you are in now, how 
many of them would be breakeven at EBITDA level? I mean, I recollect you 
indicated metros had kind of maybe broken even earlier or something. 
Neville Noronha: 
No, no. I have not indicated that. I have said that Mumbai is better. I had 
commented that Mumbai is better. And I maintain that stand even this year. 
If from 8.3% or something negative, we are at 6-point-something negative, so 
at 6.3% of negative, Mumbai is better than that. I can definitely confirm, but 
too early to comment on all this right now. Mihir, it's too early to comment 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 42 of 58 
 
on all these numbers right now. I think even getting these numbers in place is 
pretty good. And I think the trajectory line on cost optimization is in place. 
We need to see a further opportunity to improve cost. Like I said, this business 
is all about how we manage the gross margin profile. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Thank you very much, Neville. And wishing you all the very best. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thank you. Thank you so much, Mihir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Pratap Singh from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the pharmacy 
category that we're trying to build. What is the update over there, sir? 
Neville Noronha: 
The update is it's still work in progress. We're quite happy with the outcome, 
but it will take us a reasonable amount of time to scale this up and have them 
in as many stores as possible. But like I said last year also, when we just about 
started, that we were pretty confident about this business, we have done this 
business before. 
We understand this business, and I have nothing new to say this year, it has 
played out the way we had imagined it will play out. And the challenges there 
is all about the team buildout, the structure, people, getting the infra in place, 
the stock, the technology, the usual stuff, and it's on track. It’s a great 
complement to the customer. So, customers are also enjoying this fact that, 
oh, I can now even buy my regular medicines at great value. So, it's a great 
complement to the main DMart business. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Okay, so currently, in how many stores we would be having this category 
available? 
Neville Noronha: 
Seven stores. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Seven stores. Okay. Right. And sir, my second question is on the apparel 
segment. So, I picked up your thought in the FMCG that private label has a 
very long runway, given where India stands in terms of per capita and our 
ability in terms of how much value or quality we are able to add. But in the 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 43 of 58 
 
apparel segment, private label is becoming a sunrise sector. So how are you 
thinking about private level solution in this category divergent to our -- I 
mean, to your line of thinking in the FMCG business? 
Neville Noronha: 
With the new team, new thoughts, new thinking, we're sharpening that. And 
you will see a lot of consistency on branding, on colour themes, a lot of that 
on the apparel side in DMart. I think there is merit in bringing some discipline, 
- if I may say, in terms of basic colour coordination, branding, all of that. So, it 
is work in progress. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Okay, right. And currently, sir, how much -- I mean, if you want to call out how 
much would be private label contribution in the apparel segment itself? 
Neville Noronha: 
We don't disclose and it doesn't matter. You don't have to look at it like that. 
See, from our business standpoint, the way we operate the business, and I've 
commented about this earlier also, almost entire thing, 90%-95% of it is 
private label. See, the brand, when do you call it a brand? When you're 
charging a premium for the brand name, right? There's no such premium. You 
negotiate the cost of the product at fundamental factory cost operating level, 
with a small margin for that supplier who's making that garment and he 
supplies to us. And then we put in a mark-up and we sell it. So, it's not a brand. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Okay, got it. And sir, in DMart Ready, you called out that our rate of expansion 
may not be high, it will be moderate. But still, like, how are you thinking about 
-- I mean, what is your definition of the growth rate in this business, which 
appears to be -- I mean, as you rightly pointed out, big data and our ability to 
do long tail selling of SKUs, so, I mean, how would you define the right kind of 
growth rate from a three to five-year time horizon and any comment if you 
wish to offer? 
Neville Noronha: 
See, we don't have a very clear number to give to the e-commerce team. Let 
me put it this way. The e-commerce team in the last two years, have been 
told very clearly, grow as much as you can, okay? Because we know what the 
operating model is. It's up to them and their ability about how fast they can 
grow. It is no more a point of view of saying, oh, we cannot lose so much 
money. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 44 of 58 
 
 
That conversation is over since the last two, two and a half years, okay? 
Because we know how much this business will lose now. So, there is no 
restriction from that standpoint. The larger point is how quickly can you 
grow? How many additional fulfilment centres can you add in a city like 
Mumbai, in a city like Bangalore, in a city like Hyderabad, in a city like 
Gurugram or NCR. Those are the conversations we are having, if you want to 
get a colour of how we are thinking about the e-commerce business. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
So, having done all the hard work on the opex side of controlling the cost, sir, 
what is the hard work that we are doing to drive the revenue growth with 
regards to customer awareness, etc.? Anything on that side, if you want to 
highlight? 
Neville Noronha: 
I have spoken about this in last year's meeting also and probably the year 
before that. The e-commerce business is nothing to do with making people 
aware. What's the point in making people aware if I don't have capacity? I 
have to first build capacity. So, one of the key reasons why we are not making 
customers too aware is because we don't have capacity. And yet we are 
working hard on building capacity. 
 
At the same time, like some of you commented, we had all these bus 
hoardings where we plastered a few buses with DMart Ready ads in Mumbai 
because we built capacity. We created capacity in Mumbai. And then we went 
around talking to town saying, hey, you know what, why don't you try DMart 
Ready? So, first is building capacity, then spending money on telling people 
to come and shop is very easy. You just need a lot of money to throw. That's 
the easy part. The difficult part is building capacity. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Understood, sir. And sir, just one last question that any new -- are there new 
categories similar to pharmacy that we would have entered in FY '24? 
Neville Noronha: 
Other than pharmacy? 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Yes. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 45 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
No, no. Anything that makes the DMart brick and mortar business strong is 
what we will do. Anything that will make the digital, that is the DMart Ready 
business strong is what we will do. Anything beyond that, we should not do. 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
Sure. Okay, sir, thank you very much. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thanks, Varun. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus 
Spark Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Hi, Neville and team, thanks for giving me the opportunity. Neville, you again 
reemphasized today the strategic importance of deepening penetration in 
existing markets or existing region. Now, if -- correct me if I'm wrong, but we 
have not entered a state for a very long period now. 
Rushabh Ghiya: 
Tejas seems to have dropped. We can take the next question and then we can 
take a question from Tejas. 
Moderator: 
Sure. The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Ambit. 
Please go ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Good afternoon, Neville and team. I had three questions. The first, Neville, is 
in your reference to looking at DMart from a longer term 10-year perspective, 
this comment you made of DMart, obviously, wanting to be value first. So just 
taking your discussion on GDP per capita, even in terms of private labels, do 
we have comfort that, say, over the next decade, there won't be a larger 
cohort, say, which moves to convenience as the GDP per capita improves and 
then maybe you want to plan about the business model now and look at 
convenience more going forward? 
Neville Noronha: 
For the same category of products or segments, not only of a retailer, but any 
product, the value or the mid segment is always the largest pie of the market. 
That's the way we look at it. Now how much bigger will it be, what is the 
proportion? We don't know, but I think value, we believe, will be a larger 
segment compared to convenience, even in the grocery segment. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 46 of 58 
 
 
And we'd like to play in that. It's as simple as that. And that has got no 
relevance to per capita income, how developed the economy is. Like you look 
at Western Europe, you look at USA, value is where the biggest retailers are, 
right? So, we like to play in that space. Now whether it's digital or it's brick 
and mortar, doesn't matter. So, I would like to clarify that too, but we would 
like to play in the space of value. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sure, point taken on that. The second was on your comments on Minimax, 
just wanted to understand how are you looking at that format? Is it that 
you're looking at an independent offline model or there is a thought of this 
becoming, say, a part of the delivery of network and maybe then the unit 
economics differs and you can look at larger openings going forward in terms 
of this format? 
Neville Noronha: 
Earlier also somebody asked me on this Minimax format, I think you don't 
need to overthink. Even we are not overthinking on this model. It's just a trial, 
but we aren't seeing much progress there. So, it's just there to kind of check 
if something is happening there. Nothing exciting yet, to be honest. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Got that. Final question is, say, of the 40, 45 stores that you're targeting for 
this year, any sense of what will be the so-called split stores - share of the split 
stores that had to open because of, say, certain stores getting maxed out, just 
for reference? 
Neville Noronha: 
No, I probably didn't get your question. What did you mean by split stores? 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
What I meant is you referred that some stores were open because certain 
existing stores got maxed out. So, when you opened a certain store, they had 
to ease the capacity from those. So just to understand if those stores will be 
a larger share of the 40, 45 that you're planning to open. 
Neville Noronha: 
No, no, no. Nothing like that. In fact, they'll be a very small component. We 
have these maxed-out situations in cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, 
these kinds of locations. But our store openings are in a significantly larger 
number of cities. I think last year we opened stores in 12 new cities. So, it's a 
mix. You can't put a number or you can't model anything around this. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 47 of 58 
 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Point taken. That was it and thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Neville Noronha: 
Tejas? 
Tejas Shah: 
Hello? Am I audible? 
Rushabh Ghiya: 
Tejas, you are on. I think we didn't hear your question. So maybe you'll have 
to just repeat the entire thing again. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sorry for that. So, Neville, you again kind of highlighted or reemphasized 
today that the importance of kind of going deeper into the market. And if our 
numbers are correct, then perhaps we have not added any new state in last 
many years. So just wanted to understand from two perspectives, does it -- 
like when you enter a new state, does it make it easier to kind of up the pace 
of expansion because it's a virgin market and it becomes easier to kind of 
identify good location, A? And, B, we also noticed that distribution centres 
have increased from 49 to 62. So, kind of wanted to understand, is it a kind of 
precursor that you have to invest before you kind of ramp up your store 
expansion run rate? 
Neville Noronha: 
So, if you're looking at distribution centre addition as a precursor to new state 
entry, no, not really. In fact, it is the other way around. Whenever you go to 
a new state, we don't pre-empt investment through distribution centres in 
that state first. We, in fact, supply them from the existing distribution centres, 
which we feel is more prudent. Only once we get critical mass, we build 
distribution centres. That's one point. 
 
Second point is, going to new states, I think it's just more bang for the buck 
because we know the older states better. And second is, it gives us better 
operating leverage. But that apart, we do see opportunities of going to Orissa, 
going to Uttar Pradesh (UP) and you will see some stores coming up in UP. 
We have already tied up a few firm deals in these states. So, any state that 
shares the border with the existing state is a natural progression for our 
business. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 48 of 58 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Very clear. And just expanding this point to your GMA mix logic that you have 
given us in past also that when you enter a new territory, the GMA mix has to 
be higher and it goes down as you open more store in the same market. 
Should we expect this cyclicality in GMA when you enter a new state or virgin 
territory initially, it will bring much more disproportionate GMA mix versus 
your current expansion that you're doing in your existing territories? 
Neville Noronha: 
Absolutely. So, for example, let's say, hypothetically, suppose I add 400 stores 
and hypothetically I add another 400 stores next year. My GMA contribution 
will go above 30%. 
Tejas Shah: 
But if, let's say, of those 400 stores, 300 are totally new market and not in the 
existing markets, would it be again disproportionately higher? 
Neville Noronha: 
Could be. Could be. But that's not necessarily a good thing. And that's what I 
keep telling you guys, that I think there's over-obsession on this GMA 
contribution just because optically it gives you better margin. Always 
remember that absolute revenue is the key driver of profitability. So, I could 
be an INR30-40 crores store with a 35% GMA contribution, but INR150 crores 
store with a 20% GMA contribution would be giving you better ROI. 
Tejas Shah: 
Got it. And the last one, I'm not sure if I understood it correctly, but you 
mentioned that fashion apparel is personality or team-driven business or 
more personality or team-driven business. And we have observed that in both 
Indian and international fashion retail that business fortunes can be volatile 
depending upon how the team -- merchandising team actually moves in and 
moves out. So, when you're building a business for 3, 5, or in fact, 10 years, 
how are we trying to institutionalize some of those things? Because it can't 
be, let's say, a team of personality-driven, if you are building a business for 
10,15 years. 
Neville Noronha: 
So, you reduce the impact of personality. It's as simple as that. 
Tejas Shah: 
But is it that easy in fashion as it was in, let's say, other divisions? 
Neville Noronha: 
Not easy, relatively, not easy. And that's why you need to be significantly, 
exceedingly more stubborn when you're dealing with categories like apparel 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 49 of 58 
 
in terms of evangelizing the ethos of what DMart stands for, not everybody 
believes in it. 
Tejas Shah: 
Got it. That's all from my side. Thanks and all the best. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi, Neville and Niladri. Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. I was just 
referring to slide number 13 where you have given the gross margin is around 
14.5%. And if I look at the DMart Ready gross margin, there is a difference of 
about 200 basis points. I do understand there is a mix change and everything 
which would be there. But would you be able to share, if I look at, the brick 
and mortar business would have about close to 57% contribution from food, 
this portion or proportion of this would be much higher in the DMart Ready? 
Neville Noronha: 
Shirish, that's not the way to look at it. If I remember maybe the last analyst 
meet or the year before that, I commented on this, that you have to look at 
the e-commerce business as similar to, say, the FMCG business of the brick 
and mortar. Because the non-FMCG selling or the ability to sell non-FMCG in 
the e-commerce segment is not so easy. Okay? So that's the way to look at it. 
And hence, how you play the assortment of a digital space is going to be 
exceedingly challenging. That's the way to look at it. So how do I bump up that 
margin? It's not just by replicating what's happening in the brick and mortar 
business. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
But I would assume, Neville, we have the terms of trade with the top five 
brands in non-FMCG also. So why there should be, in the first place, margin 
difference? 
Neville Noronha: 
Okay, so that's a wrong assumption. There's no concept of a terms of trade in 
non-FMCG space. Non-FMCG space is very, very transactional and all the 
margins are front ended on the product itself. The principle of operation there 
is very, very different. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 50 of 58 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And just harping little more, you mentioned that the margin is one of the 
things, because in the -- internal things, you have already done to improve 
the margin for DMart Ready. So, it's the external thing, which is there, if the 
margin expansion is happening, what are the top two, three drivers, you 
think, which will pan out over the next two, three years? 
Neville Noronha: 
Again, one thing, it's just the assortment play, the assortment which will drive 
more margin and what is your ability to sell that assortment just by someone 
seeing on the screen, and how do you make that profitable? Because the 
moment you shift towards saying, look, I'm now going to bring an assortment 
to just give me 30% and 40% gross margin, your return rates will rapidly go 
up. And hence then what is the net margin you're going to make? And is it 
value accretive? That is the question to ask. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. 
Neville Noronha: 
So, it's very, very challenging. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. 
Neville Noronha: 
And that is being reflected in what you see in the world, right, not just in India. 
It’s very easy to bring in top line. Where is the profit? Don't see any 
profitability there. Right? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Got it. Got it. My second and last question. If I look at the steady state when 
we used to have a GMA contribution, about 28%, the best sense, what I have 
got at that point of time, about 35% used to be contribution from the apparel. 
Now, when this has settled around 22%, 23% in your aspiration, and it will 
remain stable, this apparel business will go back to that one-third contribution 
or it will remain at where it is now? 
Neville Noronha: 
I haven't ever disclosed what is the apparel contribution within the 22% or 
28%. And I have no view on where it will be. I cannot comment on what it 
could be. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, directionally. I'm not asking the number, but directionally, because you 
run the business, you know what was there about -- maybe it was 28%. Is that 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 51 of 58 
 
number primarily becoming positive or showing some momentum over the 
last two, three quarters? That's what we have seen. 
Neville Noronha: 
I really don't look at it that way. See, I think this whole GMA conversation 
began during COVID and we started disclosing these numbers or giving 
emphasis on these numbers just to give a sense of why gross margins at the 
blended company level are going down. 
But if you ask me, as a team who's running the business, are we too worried 
about this GMA going down? Of course not. We only focus on footfall, basket 
value, conversion, and overall like-for-like growth rate. It means that 
customers are continuing to patronize and visit our stores and buy from our 
stores. 
 
Now, as long as the basket values keep on growing, the number of footfalls 
keep on growing, and that's it. I mean, mix can be whatever. See, mix should 
never be forced. Mix is your story. Mix tells you what people like you for, and 
what are they rejecting you for. It's as simple as that. So, I think the essence 
of a mix is it is telling you something. The customer is telling you, hey, listen, 
this is what I'm telling you. 
 
And you act based on that. Just because something is giving me more margin, 
I will force fit or push the customer to a particular area forcefully? No. But if 
information or whatever the customer is telling me gives me an opportunity 
to improve and say, okay, I'm not doing this right, can I try other multiple 
things to make it right. I mean, that's the way -- it's not a straight answer if 
you get what I'm saying. Right? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, got it. Just lastly a question on the bigger store what we have opened 
in last one year. What are the hits and misses? Or maybe if you can share the 
learning, which has surprised you positively or negatively? 
Neville Noronha: 
I think the biggest issue is we have to up our game as the scale is going up. So, 
everybody talks about scale giving leverage, scale helping, scale gives 
bargaining power, everything. We all talk about positive things about scale. 
And I've come to realize over the last three to four years, I mean, I think scale 
can become a monster which can bite you if you don't do it right. You end up 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 52 of 58 
 
losing more than gaining if you don't manage. So, scale is creating a lot of 
challenges for us. And we have to be cognizant of this and build capability so 
that how customers thought about us 5 years back, 10 years back, is it equal 
to that or better than that? So, the perception should not diminish in her 
mind, in her imagination. 
 
And second, which is equally important, same for our employees and our 
vendors or even the larger ecosystem. I think how they think about us has to 
be equal to or better than what it was in the past, because with scale, 
everything gets diluted. So that, to my mind, is the biggest, biggest threat for 
the business in the long run. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, thank you, Neville. 
Neville Noronha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chanchal Kumar Khandelwal 
from Birla Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: Thanks, Neville, for taking my question. I just wanted to pick your brains on 
the quick commerce part of it. What do you think are they doing right? Now, 
why this question again, let me rephrase it and understand it from your 
perspective. Because if I say top seven cities, they put together USD 4 billion, 
USD 5 billion of sales today. And in top seven cities, if I take your sales, you 
would be similar or tad lower. So, if they have been able to get a USD5 billion 
sales in top seven cities, and they are talking about aggressive growth, and 
they are working on a gross margin because their assortment and the mix will 
be different. So according to you, what are they doing right? And how do you 
envisage that five years from now? 
Neville Noronha: 
I will not be able to comment on them much, just that I have deep respect for 
what they have built. It's amazing what they have built. I had a lot of 
reservations. I met some of their leaders and the way their model was, the 
structure was earlier, to what they have been able to do now, deep respect 
for what they've done. It's an amazing model. It is relevant for India. It's a 
smarter model than probably the marketplace. But it's different. It's 
addressing a different need. We are addressing a different need and that's 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 53 of 58 
 
the way I'll talk about it. And I will not be able to comment further on their 
model beyond whatever I have said just now. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: So, there is -- sorry. 
Neville Noronha: 
Let me finish. One more point. The larger point is, I'm just now specifically 
answering your question. All this is happening because the market size is very 
large. The sheer size of opportunity for grocery retail in a country like ours of 
140 crore population is humongous, large. 
And I am glad that there are many more businesses which are pursuing or 
reaching to the point of breakeven profitability. It's needed. I mean, this 
country needs more success stories in retail. And there's no better success 
than reaching profitability or coming close to profitability. It's good for the 
industry, but it is serving a different customer need. DMart is serving a 
different customer need. That's the way to look at it. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: So, I understand that. And in one of the replies, you said that value is the 
largest part of the pie and you will address value and you'll be the leader in 
the value. But where I'm coming from, say, five years from now, you capture 
the top 10 brands, this guy captures the bottom 20 brands, because there is 
one play on brand and one play on private label. And if private label and the 
second 20 brands become bigger, which are willing to give a higher margin to 
quick commerce, somewhere that gross margin impact may help them scale 
the business to a different level altogether. So that's the mix I'm trying to 
understand. 
Neville Noronha: 
So, like I said, I'm not able to comment on what they could do, but it's 
challenging and exciting. We'll play it, we'll see how it goes. We'll also 
compete and let's see who wins. And you could have more than one winner. 
You see it globally, right? It's not winner takes it all and multiple players will 
coexist. This size of market cannot be fulfilled just by one, two, three players. 
You need more players and all can be profitable. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: Sure. So just lastly, given that quick commerce is going to scale up much faster 
in next two, three years, is it right time for us also to speed up the button? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 54 of 58 
 
Neville Noronha: 
We will not do things because somebody else is doing something. We will do 
basis our capability and our competence and let the best man win. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: Sure. Let me leave it at that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, the next 
question will be the last question, which is from Shrenik Bachhawat, PGIM 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Hi, sir, thanks for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been answered. 
Just one last on the private label strategy. So, over the longer term, say, 10 
years, 15 years from now, if our private label segment becomes a much bigger 
pie, do we plan to open private label-only stores at a later stage in time? 
Neville Noronha: 
Doesn't make sense at all. The value of private label is when something next 
to it is at 30% or 40% higher price, then people perceive the value of private 
label. Private label has no place to be standing alone and selling, doesn't make 
any sense. What is the principle of private label? You leverage on your 
operating cost, right? Your operating cost is almost zero because it's riding on 
that same rails, right? So, doesn't make sense to have anything independent. 
Now that's our view. Somebody else may be doing something different, but 
that's our view. 
Shrenik Bachhawat: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we can take one more question, 
and it will be the last one, which will be from Mr. Binoy, Sunidhi Securities & 
Finance Limited. Please go ahead. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I'm audible? 
Neville Noronha: 
Yes 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. Neville, So a bit on the store additions. In the last year's con call, you 
mentioned that the way you are thinking about store addition is that can you 
typically add about 20% of the store count every year and that's the 
framework in your mind. This year, that number you've spoken is 15% 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 55 of 58 
 
number. So why sudden change in that mental framework in a year's time? 
That's my first question. 
Neville Noronha: 
Binoy, this an aspiration, but what do you mean by change? Come again? I 
didn't follow the question clearly. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Meaning, in terms of your mental framework, that you're setting it up and 
your building capabilities, last year, you spoke that you'd like to see store 
additions growing at roughly about 20% CAGR. Now, this year, you've spoken 
that you'd like to see store additions to grow at roughly about 15% CAGR. And 
you've not spoken about the 20% number. Instead, you've spoken about a 
lower number, which is 15%. So that's the reason. So, my question is 
pertaining to this, that why you have a sudden drop in this number? Are you 
seeing something on the real estate, difficulties on the real estate front? What 
is it? 
Neville Noronha: 
No, it is the same. The theme is the same, 15%, 20%. Okay? You replace 
everything that I said, 15% with 20% even for this year, right? That's the 
aspiration. We want to add more stores. The single point agenda is store 
addition. The store addition will drive the CAGR. So, no change from that 
standpoint, if that is what you are alluding to. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. Okay. That explains. Second is on the DMart Ready. You said that MMR 
operations are much better than the rest of India. So, has MMR broken even 
at a PBT level? 
Neville Noronha: 
No, it has not. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. And on Reflect Healthcare, if I would just pick your brain on this. So, 
what is the thought process behind how do we want to launch Reflect 
Healthcare? How much space would we be carving out within the store and 
for a dedicated pharmacy, etc.? 
Neville Noronha: 
I think pharmacy takes around 600, 800, or sometimes even 300 square feet. 
So, a very small space. So, from that standpoint, not a challenge. And we are 
trying to now do the easier ones, where we have more space. We have very 
high throughput footfalls, where we'll get operating leverage by having at 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 56 of 58 
 
least seven to eight stores in a city, that kind of things. So, we're trying to do 
that first, that is stage one. That's the way we're thinking about it. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. And in terms of the opex, will it require any additional opex, or? 
Niladri Deb: 
It's very inconsequential. Just the furniture. Nothing much. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Nothing much. Okay, okay. And my last question is on DMart Minimax where 
you said that there's not much to read into, but I'm just wondering, 21 stores 
that you operate as on March, you had added six stores last year. So very 
unusual of the DMart ethos, right? You typically tend to perfect a model 
before expanding it. 
And we are already seeing 21 stores of Minimax. And this is not even like 
Minimax is a counter within DMart. It's like a proper, separate store, a smaller 
DMart store. So just wondering, what are you thinking here in terms of -- can 
you speak a little bit about this format and what are you trying to solve for 
the company as well as the customer here? 
Neville Noronha: 
So, we've been contemplating, is there a way for the Minimax Store to merge 
with the pickup point. That is a thought, and it gives you a far better 
omnichannel play. That is the thought around it. There are two ways of 
looking at the omnichannel way. One is you say convenience, relative 
convenience and omnichannel, or you say extreme deep discounting and 
omnichannel. 
 
So, we took down the path of extreme discounting with omnichannel. So, it's 
a kind of a work in progress. And it's not that the financial metrics are bad. 
That's why we added a few more. The profitability metrics are actually better 
than the pure play digital or the pickup point metrics. So, from that point, it is 
good. But is it good enough to say, can we have 500 or 1,000 locations? Not 
yet. 
 
So, to that extent, we are still in the phase of perfecting the model. But to get 
more granularity and more reference, we have extended to a few more cities 
just to get a feel, at a multi city level, does this really make sense? 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 57 of 58 
 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Is there any time line that -- internally that you're thinking about in terms of 
when -- by when you think you'll have an answer to this question? 
Neville Noronha: 
I don't know, maybe another year or two, we'll get a very clear picture. So, we 
have our EBITDA target, we have a PBT target. Only if we get to those levels 
of target, it's worthwhile to put energy, build an independent team to run this 
independently and just scale it up. I mean, that's the thought. So, unless we 
don't achieve that EBITDA target, knowing very well what is the depreciation 
cost to it, so basically PBT target. So, if we get a desired PBT target, then we'll 
expand. The best way to look at it is if you're seeing a rapid increase of 
Minimax stores, that means we've achieved our PBT target. That's the way to 
look at it. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
These stores are on lease, right, unlike the DMart stores which are owned? 
Neville Noronha: 
They are on lease. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. One last question to you and then to Niladri, one question. Will we -- 
so to you is, a few years back, we contemplated entering big box wholesale 
format. So -- and then we put it on the back burner. So, any thoughts on that? 
Or it's still on the back burner? 
Neville Noronha: 
I don't think we should get into it. It's not even on the back burner. It's out, 
it's in the trash can. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. One question to Niladri on accounting is that -- just wanted to 
understand, so when we typically buy out a property with the land, do you -- 
how do you account it as capex? Do you split the land and account the land 
in the land part and the building in the building part? How does that work 
from an accounting point of view? 
Niladri Deb: 
So, you are referring to a ready-built property, right? 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Yes 
Niladri Deb: 
So, in a ready-built property, what we do is we do a valuation of the property 
when the store opens and then we split the cost based on the valuation 
certificate into land and building. 

 
 
Avenue Supermarts Limited 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 58 of 58 
 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Into land -- so it is not that the entire -- if you acquired a property, you put it 
entirely into building, nothing like that. Splitting it between land and building. 
Niladri Deb: 
You cannot do that because building enjoys depreciation. So, tax authorities 
will object. So, value we pay for a built-up property is inclusive of the land 
which comes with the property. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Okay. Thank you so much. That's all from my side. Thank you for taking my 
question. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
