 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 9, 2024 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for conference call under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to our intimation dated 30th July, 2024, we enclose herewith communication relating to 
conference call as per Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. 
 
The said conference call with the Institutional Investor/Analyst held on Monday, August 5, 2024 
was to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the first quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
disclosed 
on 
website 
of 
the 
company 
i.e. 
www.ionexchangeglobal.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Milind Puranik 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS-4824 
 
 
MILIND 
DATTATRAYA 
PURANIK
Digitally signed by MILIND 
DATTATRAYA PURANIK 
Date: 2024.08.09 12:39:19 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
Ion Exchange India Limited 
Q1 FY25 Conference Call 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ion Exchange India 
Limited's Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all the participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you 
all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the 
Investor Relations of Ion Exchange India Limited. On behalf of the 
Company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the Company's Earnings Conference Call for the 1st 
Quarter of Financial Year 2025. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of 
the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in 
nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. 
The purpose of today's Earnings Concall is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the Company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review. Let me now introduce you to the Management 
participating with us in today's earnings call and hand it over to them for 
Opening Remarks. 

 
Page 2 of 15 
We firstly have with us Mr. Aankur Patni - Executive Director;  
Mr. Vasant Naik - Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. N. M. Ranadive 
- Group Head of Financial Planning and Risk Management and Mr. 
Milind Puranik - Company Secretary. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome 
you all to the Earnings Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of FY25. 
For the quarter under review on a consolidated basis, the Company 
reported operating income of INR 5,676 million, an increase of around 
18% year-on-year. The EBITDA reported was INR 641 million 
representing an increase of 31% year-on-year and the EBITDA margin 
stood at 11.29% with the net profit of INR 448 million, an increase of 
around 35% year-on-year, while the PAT margin was in the region of 
around 7.89%. 
Let me now take you through the quarterly segmental performance on a 
consolidated basis: 
In the Engineering division, the revenue for the quarter was INR 3,235 
million, increase of 13% year-on-year. The EBIT for this segment was 
INR 188 million representing an increase of 26% year-on-year. The 
segment witnessed steady order inflows of medium sized jobs during the 
quarter. The domestic enquiry bank remains robust and we are hopeful 
that the finalization of some large value opportunities will accelerate in 
the next few months. The Engineering segment recorded improved 
turnover on year-on-year basis largely due to the execution of some of 
the international contracts. We expect the pace of execution of the larger 
EPC jobs to increase in the coming quarters. At the end of Q1 FY25, the 
total order book for the Engineering division stood at INR 3,394 crores. 
Coming to the Chemical segment: 
The revenue for the quarter was INR 1,994 million, an increase of 36% 
year-on-year. The EBIT was INR 498 million, an increase of 36% year-
on-year. The segment recorded improved revenue year-on-year while 
maintaining steady margins. Lastly, the Consumer Division segment, 
the revenue for the quarter was INR 660 million, increase of 9% year-

 
Page 3 of 15 
on-year. The loss for the quarter was INR Rs. 34 million versus Rs. 15 
million in the same period of the previous year. The segment has shown 
revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. Our new product launches are 
gaining acceptability in the market. 
We can now open the floor to the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chetan Vora from Abakkus 
Asset Manager. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Vora: 
Sir, on the Engineering side, I was looking at the UP order book. On the 
Q-o-Q, the order book has just gone down by Rs. 17 crores, so how do 
we see the order execution for the year, which is close to the order book 
and as of now, is Rs. 813 crores which we were earlier guiding out to be 
completed by FY25? 
Aankur Patni: 
The order book position remains good and we are expecting good order 
flows in the ensuing months and quarters. That would ensure that even 
while we continue to execute, the orders at hand will support future 
growth continuously. As far as execution is concerned, we are expecting 
that during the subsequent quarters the invoicing will improve compared 
to where we are today. The next quarter and thereafter, we should be 
seeing improved execution of the UP contract. It had a slight impact of 
the elections and the related cash flows, which we expect will gradually 
get removed as the months move. And therefore, as I said, the second-
half is expected to be significantly better than the first half. 
Chetan Vora: 
But do we foresee that UP order will be getting executed by the end of 
this year? 
Aankur Patni: 
UP contract would get substantially executed by the end of this year. 
However, it is also a function of the funds which get released for the 
contract for completing the remaining portion and the second element is 
of course the approvals which we receive from the government, but we 
are very hopeful that by the end of this year, a substantial portion will 
get completed. 
Chetan Vora: 
Sir, on the profitability, the previous quarter despite our large chunk of 
revenue of Rs. 500 crores, we had reported a margin of 9.6% and then 
you had told us that there was some legacy project which got latent, 

 
Page 4 of 15 
because of that there was a cost overrun and we expect the similar thing 
to continue at quarter 1 of this year. But looking at the margin, the 
margin looks to be quite steady on the Y-o-Y level. So whether the cost 
spillover was seen in this quarter, it is now we are largely done? 
Aankur Patni: 
There was a cost spillover and as I had mentioned that contract which 
has had an adverse impact on the overall engineering margins, is not yet 
executed fully and therefore overhang of its impact would continue in 
the next quarter also and it will taper out after that. But in terms of the 
Y-o-Y stability, that is something which is also a function of the other 
contracts that we are executing and which have supported decent margin 
level. Therefore, in spite of a slight adverse impact coming in from one 
or two issues, we have managed to maintain those levels. 
Chetan Vora: 
And by when we expect the legacy project to get completed, by what 
timeframe from here on? 
Aankur Patni: 
I would expect that the next quarter would continue to face this 
particular project's impact and only thereafter it will start to taper out. 
By the end of the fourth quarter, most of the contract will get fully 
executed. 
Chetan Vora: 
And sir, on the chemical front, the revenue growth was 15% and with a 
good sort of profitability, how should we see this vertical, sir with 
respect to chemicals for the full year? 
Aankur Patni: 
Chemical business continues to do reasonably well and we are expecting 
the growth momentum to continue as you have seen in the 1st Quarter. 
Likewise, the margin also remains at a reasonably robust level. As we 
have been mentioning in the past also that if the input price scenario, the 
foreign exchange scenario and the overall supply dynamics do not 
change in a very material way, we should be able to maintain these 
margin levels. 
Chetan Vora: 
Sir, lastly from my end and we are expecting, in our presentation and at 
the start of the concall, we always mentioned that we are looking to, we 
are working on few of the large deals which will be getting fructified in 
the coming quarters, but it is now since many quarters we have been 
seeing the same statement by when we can see the deal like UP, we 
could be getting a deal like UP, sir? 

 
Page 5 of 15 
Aankur Patni: 
The reason that we are not including those numbers in our overall 
enquiry book as well as we are not specifically commenting on those 
anymore is because of the uncertainty about when the fructification of 
those into our order book would happen. We remain quite hopeful 
because there is positive movement on at least a couple of them and it is 
a question of when that thing finally converts into something which we 
can announce. So as soon as we can do so, we will certainly inform the 
exchange. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from 
Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the management change we are 
proposing by first October 24, mainly you are becoming now Non-
Executive Non-Independent Director, so what is the reason because 
what I found since last many years, you are actively participating and 
the way you have grown the Company's profitability with this, the way 
you are interacting with the investor community also, what will change 
and what are the reason if you can little bit to explain qualitatively that 
will be really helpful? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, we had appointed CEO last year and had made an announcement 
on the exchange, and the various forums with the investors. He will be 
completing a year in September. And this is a very planned move on part 
of all the four people from the promoter group that we need to hand over 
the operating functions of the Company to an independent Professional 
management. As announced, the CEO would be taking over the role of 
the MD. Myself, along with Mr. Dinesh Sharma, both of us will become 
Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors designated as Vice 
Chairman. The current CMD would be relinquishing the post of 
Managing Director. We will continue to remain associated and actively 
involved in helping the Company grow further and in whatever manner 
to support its future operations. As far as the investor community is 
concerned, I will certainly be available and I will remain engaged. It is 
probably in the interest of the investors and also for the sake of 
continuity & growth of the organization as a whole and for professional 
improvement in its management that we have taken this call and 
hopefully it will usher in a new period of growth. 

 
Page 6 of 15 
Sunil Kothari: 
And one more question on, sir, the way we develop this chemical 
segment, resins, chemical membranes and in a very challenging time 
across the chemical segment of the country in international, we have 
done really well, we maintain profitability which is very respectable and 
very high also. I would like to know from you because you always 
mention about the work capability, R&D, new products, new projects. 
If you can talk a little bit more on how you see in next 3-5 years, what I 
understand is now US also slowly coming back to some normalized 
demand and we are very keen and prepared to penetrate on a higher scale 
those markets, how prepared we are on this segment, what we see for 
next 2-3 years? 
Aankur Patni: 
We have always been positive about the chemical segment as a whole 
and certainly because it drives profitability to a greater extent in terms 
of margin percentages. And that is the reason that we have initiated the 
capacity expansion moves both for resins and for other chemicals, which 
to a large extent are also targeted at the international market. With the 
relative improvements in the European and the North American 
markets, our exports of chemicals have improved and we will continue 
to see improvement as the quarters go by. We continue to invest 
substantially on innovations in R&D and that is the reason also that the 
product portfolio continues to undergo a change and we are moving 
towards more and more value added products to ensure not just 
profitability but also a competitive edge. In terms of how we are being 
able to penetrate the markets in North America and Europe, the strategy 
which we have been following over the past few quarters have been to 
increasingly create customer confidence and trust and also ensure that 
we are able to fulfill their expectations while maintaining competitive 
edge and profitability. This process has yielded good results and I am 
sure that with increased bouquet of products that we offer for these 
specific markets and the relationships and partnerships that we are 
continuously forging, we would be able to take full advantage of the 
increased capacity, thereby creating a much bigger revenue pie coming 
from the international market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from 
KamayaKya Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 7 of 15 
Tushar Raghatate: Sir, just wanted to understand in our chemical segment, what sort of 
peak revenue we garner for FY25? 
Aankur Patni: 
We had indicated an overall growth of roughly 15% for the Chemical 
segment. If there is a change in it as the quarters progress, we will again 
advice on the call. 
Tushar Raghatate: Sir, in terms of CAPEX from the Chemical segment, when can we see 
the revenue contribution happening from which year or quarter? 
Aankur Patni: 
The resin project is now at an advanced stage of execution at Roha, we 
are expecting the commercial start of that operation in the next financial 
year and it will take roughly 3-4 years for it to reach optimum capacity 
utilization. 
Tushar Raghatate: And sir, in terms of Saudi Arabia, UAE opportunity when can we see 
good sizable order coming from there? 
Aankur Patni: 
We are already seeing good improvement in terms of our customer 
relationships and increased flow of opportunities & orders from that 
market. I would expect that in another couple of years that geography 
will start giving us substantially increased revenues. 
Tushar Raghatate: Sir, in terms of our engineering business, any particular segment you are 
targeting, maybe reverse osmosis or desalination or any specific area? 
Aankur Patni: 
Engineering opportunities being pursued by us in that geography are 
quite broad in scope wide and it is not as such specific to a particular 
technology. We would be looking at opportunities of large, medium and 
small scale including desalination opportunities. We are sure that with 
our manufacturing setup there, the opportunities there would not be 
restricted to a particular size or sector or technology. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, about the Engineering segment, you alluded to the fact of 
some missing problems with the UP project and also with the legacy 
project. Could you dwell slightly more into where are we in terms of 
execution phase for the UP project and it was only the election that was 
the reason for lower execution or what is the residual value if you could 
give some understanding? 

 
Page 8 of 15 
Aankur Patni: 
I will request Vasant to share some of the numbers attached with the 
project in the current quarter as well as the residual values. 
Vasant Naik: 
Regarding the UP project, the current residual value is around Rs. 813 
crores roughly which, as was mentioned earlier, we are planning to 
execute a significant part by the end of the current year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Current calendar year? 
Vasant Naik: 
Current financial year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what was the key reason, sir? And can you quantify the contracted 
value that we got executed out of this Rs. 315 crores that pertains to the 
UP project? 
Vasant Naik: 
For the current quarter, the UP contract execution was around Rs. 26 
crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And a number for March, just to compare the pay? 
Vasant Naik: 
It was around Rs.110  crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
It slowed down a lot and sir, what were the key reasons you alluded to 
this? 
Vasant Naik: 
These were already explained earlier in the call as well in the last concall 
that because of the election season being on and the uncertainties 
surrounding the whole process, there was a slowdown in the overall 
execution and the funding for the project which as we explained, is 
expected to improve as the quarter moves on. From the second-half 
onwards, we expect that significant increase will take place in the 
execution of this project. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what was the value of the legacy project that affected the margin 
for this quarter? 
Vasant Naik: 
Specific project wise details, we don't give other than for the large 
projects, so this unfortunately I will not be able to share. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, coming to the consumer product division, I think so the lot has been 
spoken about our trust on growing this segment for a profitable journey, 
so where are we in midst of reaching that critical mass when the segment 
will start to be EBITDA positive also, if you could give us some targets 
or the way forward for the segment for this financial year? We clocked 

 
Page 9 of 15 
the topline of Rs. 254 crores for last financial year, what should we look 
in terms of growth and how profitable can be or whether when can we 
return to profit? 
Aankur Patni: 
We have been calling out the consumer segment growth prospects and 
we remain excited about the growth which the segment is being able to 
achieve along with the acceptance of the various new products that we 
have been launching. The focus over the last few quarters, as we spoke 
little bit in more detail during the last concall, was to ensure that we 
achieve a much larger scale of operations. And therefore, without 
immediately focusing on achieving EBITDA positivity, the primary 
focus for the time being is to reinvest whatever surpluses are being 
generated by the business into further growth. And expansion of the 
teams, expansion of infrastructure and whatever it takes for the 
operations to achieve a much larger scale. Hopefully if we are being able 
to succeed in our overall growth pursuits, we would quickly reach a 
scale where EBITDA positivity happens on account of the scale by 
itself. The margins at a gross level remain very good. The product 
margins are comparable to the best which exists in our other segments. 
It is only that we are investing substantially in expansion of its 
capabilities, manpower, the infrastructure. That is what pulls down the 
EBIT level profitability of the segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Dheeraj 
Ram from Ashika Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
So post budget, what we expect is the water treatment segment to 
improve its execution and order inflow. So in this regard, we have seen 
many companies entering into water treatment business such as 
WABAG, Welspun Corp, VPRPL, Triveni Engineering and EMS 
Limited. So how do you position yourselves in this particular market 
and how do you plan to grow from here for next two years? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, the numbers which have been shared by various ministries and 
industry forums and indeed the policy actions which are being driven by 
the central government, the state governments and governments at even 
lower levels are very positive for the water and wastewater industry in 
general. I do expect that the investments or policy directions will not 

 
Page 10 of 15 
just be limited to large infrastructure or civil oriented construction, but 
also increasingly towards higher technology interventions which will 
ensure that companies like us would have an even larger play. We are 
keenly hearing from the government their intention to spruce up action 
on improving the quality of water, not just the supply, they are also more 
seriously looking at tackling specific contaminants which affect pockets 
of our country. They are talking about increased technology 
interventions at a very distributed level to ensure the reach of high 
quality sanitation and high quality waste water treatment for recycle, to 
reach remote rural areas of our country. Along with this, there is 
increased focus on making our rivers clean and augmenting the quality 
of our groundwater. There are several such initiatives by the government 
which would have an impact on technology companies like us. I do 
expect the future therefore to be quite interesting. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
And one more question on what do you expect the return on investment 
of the Roha plant that you are currently working on? 
Aankur Patni: 
I can tell you that we are looking at roughly a 3-year to 4-year period to 
reach optimum capacity utilisation. Out of the Rs. 400 crores odd 
investment, roughly around Rs. 125 crores are targeted towards a 
specific technology intervention, which has other benefits beyond 
capacity augmentation and we expect an asset turnover of over 2 times   
should be calculated on the figure of 275 crores. Our margin levels, 
barring unforeseen or exceptional circumstances, should stay in the 
ballpark of current levels. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
And one last question, what is the bidding criteria in this EPC segment? 
What does one see to go for bidding process? Is it the bank guarantee or 
is it the order book or something like that? 
Aankur Patni: 
Bidding criteria vary slightly from customer to customer, but they would 
certainly look at your technical abilities, credentials as also your 
financial capabilities. Bank guarantees and all that come at a much later 
stage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aejas 
Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Aejas Lakhani: 
So my questions are two. The first one is, you have stated that there is a 
growth guidance of about 15%. If I were to break that up segmentally 
and assume the rates of growth that consumer is seeing in line with 
historical and given that Roha is still a year away, and given that the 
chemical segment operating utilization capacities are fairly high, is it 
fair to sort of derive that the growth is largely going to be driven by 
engineering? That is question number one, and question number two is 
how should we think about your operating margins for the year? 
Aankur Patni: 
For engineering segment also, the indication that we had given earlier 
during the current call is a 15% to 20% topline growth. We also have 
been indicating that we should be moving towards the margin levels 
achieved in the financial year 22-23 and therefore upwards from what 
we ended for 23-24. Hopefully we would be able to give you a more 
firm number as we move through the year. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Mr. Patni, just a quick follow up on that. So you mentioned 15% to 20% 
growth on the engineering side, today in the chemical plants what kind 
of capacities are we operating at? 
Aankur Patni: 
That is roughly in the 65% to 70% range. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, would that mean that you still have your ability to extract 
greater revenue is still available in those facilities or is it that the next 
leg of growth is severely dependent on Roha and Roha coming on 
stream? 
Aankur Patni: 
No, there is a headroom available there. But the aspiration is not just to 
look at that headroom, but to grow at a faster pace in years to come. 
Roha and other capacity additions in the chemical segment would aid 
that. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, could you just expand on that one statement you made that out 
of the Rs. 400 crores investments in Roha, Rs. 120 crores are going into 
enhancement. So what does that really mean? How does that impact 
business? If you could just expand a little bit on that, sir? 
Aankur Patni: 
That Rs. 125 crores are into a new technology, which could improve the 
overall profitability and there are other advantages also which ensue 
from that. We should be able to declare it a little bit more explicitly once 
the capacity comes on stream. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Pratik 
Kothari from Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, first question, you did mention that we are closer to a couple of 
contracts, the larger orders in your finalization, so these are domestic or 
international? 
Aankur Patni: 
They are international. 
Pratik Kothari: 
But I understand the timeline of this usually is very uncertain and 
nothing that we can predict, but just again from an international side, sir, 
how do except this so that we are close to how are we looking at in terms 
of finalization, in terms of inquiry, earlier we were hoping for much 
more from Southeast Asia, Africa, Middle East, you can just talk a bit 
more on that? 
Aankur Patni: 
The target markets for large engineering orders remain the same, which 
is the Middle East, Africa and Southeast Asia. Beyond these large or 
very large projects we are also getting a steady stream of smaller 
inquiries as well as the orders from that same region. We are quite sure 
that with all the initiatives that we are taking in these respective regions, 
the overall order flow, not just engineering but so for the other segments, 
the overall order flow from these regions is going to improve. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Is there any anything which is progressing on Sri Lankan order? 
Aankur Patni: 
Sri Lanka, the pace at which we have been doing further invoicing or 
execution remains extremely muted as we have been sharing. It is a 
function of the funds which get released by either the Sri Lankan 
authorities or with the intervention of Government of India. We have 
seen some infusion of funds and that specifically has come from the Sri 
Lankan Government who have over the past few months released 
significant sums of money under the current circumstances. And to that 
extent we have also been able to invoice small values. The remaining 
contract, which still remains to be invoiced is somewhere around 10%-
12% and as soon as we get significant commitments or clarity on further 
fund flows, we should be able to close out the balance unexecuted 
portion at a very quick pace. This can easily happen within the current 
financial year. But then again, we have to be quite clear about how the 

 
Page 13 of 15 
various fund arrangements are being made and whether we can then be 
certain about closing the contract. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, I think the year or two back, we announced this expansion in Orissa, 
for the what do we intend to do there? 
Aankur Patni: 
As of now, there are no further details to share with all of you, but as I 
had indicated earlier also, we will certainly come back to all of you and 
make an announcement once there is further development on that front. 
Our intention is to expand capacity for the other chemicals and do some 
backward integration in line with the growth that we are aspiring to 
achieve in the domestic and international market. Once it reaches to the 
stage where we have further details to share with the investor 
community, we will do so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saket 
Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, can you give some more color on our recent acquisition, the foreign 
Company which we acquired since when we look at the consolidation 
in the chemical segment and also for the engineering part, for the 
engineering segment, the profitability is lower and for the chemical 
segment, the profitability has improved. So if you could just give us an 
understanding of what changes between standalone and the console 
number in terms of profitability? 
Vasant Naik: 
In terms of the engineering segment, the reduction in the margin from a 
standalone to the consolidated is largely on account of the losses which 
we have made in a couple of our engineering subsidiaries. Typically, 
these subsidiaries scale increases in the second-half of the year and their 
profitability should improve. This largely explains the delta between the 
standalone margin and the consolidated margin of the engineering 
segment. As far as the chemical segment is concerned, is largely because 
of improvement in performance of some of our overseas subsidiaries as 
well as the consolidation of the subsidiary MAPRIL which was acquired 
in June of 23, in the last week of June 23, so in the current year we have 
consolidated 90 days, full quarter numbers while in the previous year it 
was only one-week number.  

 
Page 14 of 15 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what are we looking, sir, in terms of MAPRIL contribution growth 
aspect for this year and what are the utilization level there? 
Vasant Naik: 
You should see similar level of growth what we have seen in the 
standalone segment of the chemicals, around 15%.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we look at the bid pipeline of say Rs. 8,000 crore and the type 
of business execution we have done in terms of the UP project, can you 
give some color in the same vein of what would be the value of projects 
that we are bidding? My understanding is what kind of repeat orders or 
the same set of business we can cater to as we are doing it for the UP Jal 
Nigam? 
Aankur Patni: 
I think our overall inclination is to do more and more jobs in the 
segments where we make higher degree of profitability and where our 
risk perception is lower. Our ability to do contracts of the nature of UP 
or Sri Lanka or any one of these remains quite high.  A lot of the orders 
that we are trying to pick up both internationally and domestic, tends to 
be in areas, in sectors and with the margin profile where we feel a little 
bit better covered in terms of risk. So it is not like a question of our 
ability to multiply in terms of capability, more a question of the specific 
areas where we want to grow and consequential impact on our bottom 
line and balance sheets. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, that is correct. My question was whether there are more orders 
in the pipeline or in the bid pipeline of similar nature of the one for the 
UP Jal Nigam project which we are taking? 
Aankur Patni: 
In the enquiry bank, there is nothing of that nature. But the opportunities 
exist and we are evaluating it, but they are not a part of the enquiry bank. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Dheeraj 
Ram from Ashika Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Sir, we were into this demineralization segment and could you please let 
me know what is the market size of this segment in India or globally? 
Aankur Patni: 
We are not into demineralization segment only, that is a small subset of 
the activities that we do and there are several other technology areas 
where we are actively present and which are in fact part of almost all 
large projects that we do. You can get more details about the various 

 
Page 15 of 15 
technology areas where we operate from our website which elaborates 
in quite a lot of detail about the various technologies and products. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Yes, I have understood that demineralization is a subset of a particular 
project, so? 
Aankur Patni: 
It is a subset of the technologies we deal in, demineralization is one of 
the technologies where we operate, but there are several others. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
And what is the O&M revenue that we are currently doing? 
Vasant Naik: 
Around 20% of our engineering segment revenue will come from the 
services and spares. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand over the conference to Mr. N. M. Ranadive from Ion 
Exchange Limited for closing comments. 
N. M. Ranadive: 
Thank you all for participating in this earning concall. I hope we have 
been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the Company, we would be 
happy to be of assistance. We are very thankful to all our investors who 
stood by us and also had confidence in the Company's growth plan and 
focus. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Ion Exchange Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
