Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
August 21, 2024 
 
 
  BSE Limited 
  1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
  Rotunda Building  
  P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
  MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
  Scrip Code: 517334 
Symbol: MOTHERSON  
 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of earning conference call      
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated August 13, 2024, informing about the audio recording of 
earnings conference call on the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.motherson.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed by 
ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2024.08.21 
14:58:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (SAMIL) 
Q1 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal, 
Chairman 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal, 
Director 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital, 
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani, 
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Rajat Jain, 
COO, Vision Systems Business Division 
 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY25 Results Conference Call of 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal:  Good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the SAMIL’s Earnings Call for Q1 
FY2025. 
The Company reported quarterly revenues of approximately Rs. 28,900 crores, which 
is up 29% EBITDA of Rs. 2,785 crores, which is up 44%; and PAT of Rs. 994 crores, 
which is up 65% compared to the same quarter last year. Being a ROCE focused 
Company, we monitor this metric diligently. And I would like to report that the 
consolidated ROCE based on Q1FY25 annualized basis is now sitting at 18%. While 
we have a bit to go towards 40%, we will surely make more progress on this number in 
coming quarters. 
Both organic businesses and acquired assets have demonstrated strong performance 
in this quarter. While on one hand, the organic businesses continue to improve absolute 
profitability and provide growth over the market. On the other hand, acquired assets 
continue to contribute to our enhanced size and scale.  
All the M&As announced over the past many quarters have been successfully closed in 
SAMIL. And SAMIL is now a more diversified and robust platform of growth for all 
stakeholders. It is important to highlight that all acquired assets together have been 
margin-accretive. And as synergies start to unfold, things should improve even further. 
These results are to be viewed against an external environment, where on the macro 
side, certain pockets of challenges still remain, such as commodities like copper remain 
inflated during the quarter and is now showing signs of softening. The logistic costs 
creeped up significantly due to the Red Sea crisis and congestion at the Asian ports, 
which resulted in longer lead times and hence higher inventories. You can see more on 
this on Slide #6. 
On the vehicle production side, I want to highlight that the light vehicle production 
remained largely flat on a year-on-year basis. Significant amounts of growth coming out 
of India and China is being offset by softness of demand in the developed markets, 
especially Europe. Some of the industry forecasts are projecting light vehicle production 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
to be flat or even slightly de-grow in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024. This is 
being attributed to the evolving platform mix due to sluggishness in EV pickup. 
Motherson, however, is a powertrain neutral Company which positions us well in the 
medium term. Further, the automotive trends of premiumization and SUV still hold forth 
and continue to drive content per vehicle growth, which again augurs well for us as well. 
Please refer to Slides #7 and #8 in the presentation for more information on this. 
The diversification towards the non-automotive business, which we set out in our five-
year plan, is now gaining traction. On the aerospace side, during the quarter, we closed 
the acquisition of ADI Industries, which brings in capabilities of soft and hard metal 
machining, which is critical for engine components, and setting our footprint right next 
to the customer. In India, we are setting up two plants to support new product lines and 
vertical integration and are expected to come on stream in the second half of FY25. 
Another key non-auto business being developed is the consumer electronics. It is truly 
a testament of engineering and manufacturing capabilities we have at SAMIL. This new 
vertical, we envisage that will require investments of around Rs. 2,600 crores over a 
period of time. We are setting up state-of-the-art facilities with an estimated area of 
more than 130,000 square meters for this project. We expect start of production around 
September- October, with subsequent ramp up in production over the next year. 
Our CAPEX for the quarter was Rs. 1,078 crores. As announced earlier, we are setting 
up new plants to support growth coming out of emerging markets. Out of the 18 
Greenfields we have announced earlier, two have been operationalized and 
commenced production in India and China respectively. Additionally, we are adding one 
new plant in Mexico. I would like to highlight that seven Greenfield plants are being set 
up in the non-automotive space in line with our diversification aspirations. 
For further details on this, please refer to Slide #12. Our CAPEX guidance remains the 
same at Rs. 5,000 crores plus minus 10%. However, with all the acquisitions closed 
and in light of the increased business parameter that we have with these new 
businesses, we are reassessing this. And businesses such as Yachiyo, Lumen and ADI 
have all come in.  
During the quarter, net debt increased by Rs. 3,000 crores. This is primarily attributed 
to the M&A closures and increased working capital requirements due to the Red Sea 
crisis and volatility in customer schedules. 
The increased working capital expected to normalize in the second half of FY 2025. 
Despite the increased net debt and CAPEX for growth, the net leverage ratio at the end 
of the quarter remained at 1.5x. This reflects a strong focus on our financial prudence. 
The net leverage ratio is well within our management targets and our comfort, and our 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
focus is to constantly deliver. Our disciplined financial track record is demonstrated by 
multiple rating upgrades by esteemed agencies. Please refer to slide 11 for details. 
On capital market actions, I would like to provide an update on the following. During the 
quarter, we also issued our first dual investment grade bonds of US $350 million being 
a debt neutral transaction for us. We are comfortable with our debt maturity profile and 
have access to well diversified set of capital resources with 1.4 billion available from 
committed and undrawn facilities and also unrestricted cash and cash equivalents. 
Please refer to the debt and liquidity profile on slide 13. 
Our equity continues to be very dear to us. If we were to consider raising fresh capital, 
it will be for the growth of the Company. Over the past 18 months, we have closed a 
record number of M&As and we continue to see more opportunities in the developed 
markets. 
On the organic side, we are continuing to invest in growth CAPEX in the emerging 
markets for both automotive and non-automotive businesses. As we evaluate these 
opportunities, we want to proactively develop our capital structure that will position us 
well to be able to undertake some of these opportunities. We hence thought it is prudent 
for us to take an enabling resolution for potential capital raise in the future. I would like 
to thank the team for delivering great results. And with this, I would like to conclude my 
remarks and open the floor for your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
A few questions from my side. One is if I look at the organic growth excluding acquired 
assets, the number which we provided, organic growth had been largely flat on YoY 
basis. Do you expect this trend to continue given the commentary of muted vehicle 
production growth or we should be continuing to grow ahead of the industry based on 
the Greenfield plants which are coming? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thanks, Jinesh. Which number are you referring to? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Primarily deducting the Rs. 6,000 odd crore from the revenues and looking at organic 
growth. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Right. So, look, I think definitely there is quarter on quarter variance that happens, Q4 
versus Q1 and Q1 over what we had last year. We are also obviously adding in a lot of 
the new businesses that are coming in. Sometimes in quarters, depending on the 
launches and as they are taking, you could see some differences that happen on a 
quarter basis. But overall, we are seeing growth because of the macro factors of 
premiumization and the SUV trends that are happening and our growth in content. So, 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
over a longer period of time, we are seeing definite growth that is happening, not just 
because of the acquisition, but also on the organic side. But like I said, there could be 
small variations that happen on quarters, depending on branches. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Content obviously is one of the key drivers for our work on this category. And second 
question is on the consumer electronic component business where we are looking to 
invest about Rs. 2600 crores. So, is this entirely for JV with BIEL Crystal or this is 
beyond that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, this was particularly for the investments that we are making for that JV, for our 
businesses that we are gearing up for that consumer electronics business. we believe 
that we will have a good chance for winning a lot of business from customers. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And by what will be the timeline for this investment of Rs. 2600 crores, by when it should 
be up and running? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, we have already seen some of that business start towards the second half of this 
year and it will ramp up next year. And this investment will continue for over a period of 
time, so a couple of years as well. So, we are bringing that information out upfront, but 
as the facility comes up and the business picks up, this will be over a period of time. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And the 18 Greenfield plants which we are investing for. Would they be largely 
operational by end of this financial year and ramp up by second half FY26? Is that the 
right way to look at it? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We just mentioned that some of them have already been operationalized with two of 
them that have come on. The rest of them are in varying stages. So, yes, some will 
come on later half of this year and some will obviously push into the next year as well. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And any sense on what could be revenue potential of these Greenfields? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
You know, it's because it's automotive and non-automotive. I think we want to stay 
focused on our FY25 number. This will add significantly to the organic side, but definitely 
a lot more will come as these businesses ramp up in coming years. So, cannot give you 
the number exactly on that, but definitely there is a lot of growth to come from this 
organic investments that we are making. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And last question on the enabling resolution. So, this will be only if we get any 
good inorganic opportunity or this will also be to manage our organic opportunities in 
some of our debt covenants? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We are very comfortable with the organic opportunities and the debt covenants. As we 
said, we are at 1.5x net debt to EBITDA. So, we are very far away from our covenants. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
We will continue to deliver on the organic side. This is definitely enabling for what more 
comes in the future and if a larger inorganic opportunity comes. We have a clear target 
for FY25, which is to be 36 billion with a 40% ROCE. But that's just preparing us 
because we see a lot of challenges that are still there in the European markets and the 
amount of focus that we are getting as being a superior engineering Company in India 
and the further opportunities that we will get. So, this is only for what we don't have on 
our hand right now. Everything that we do have, we are fairly comfortable with our debt 
profile and how the businesses are delivering with the continued performance that they 
are giving. This was really a very spectacular quarter for us to have these kind of 
numbers on the first quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
So, firstly, on consumer electronic business, can you talk about what kind of business 
opportunity site is there with this investment? And also, I mean, what kind of customers 
we have with us for this business? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, these are all highly engineered products. Again, we are working with a joint 
venture of BIEL Crystal. So, we want to get into more of the glass side of products. They 
are varied customers, all consumer electronics customers, could be relevant customers 
for this. And I believe that as the push is coming in India to manufacture more and more 
electronics, this augurs well and gives us the capability. And we will build a lot of 
customers in this field. At this point, this is all that we are able to say. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
On this overall non-auto picture for us, what kind of growth we see over the medium 
term or what kind of revenue share we see for this non-auto side sir? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thanks. So, the target was always to be 25% business to come from non-automotive. 
So, of course, as you can see that not just the consumer electronics, even the 
aerospace and the defense businesses, these are also growing quite nicely. We also 
have a medical facility that is coming up in Chennai, which is helping us to diversify in 
that field. So, these are some of the segments that we have identified. We are building 
businesses, and I believe a large flavor of this will come in the next five-year plans as 
these businesses take scale. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it sir. On the electronic assembly you mentioned in the previous question sir. I just 
want to understand what is this kind of product basically you are talking about? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
The JV is specifically for glass products that go on a lot of electronic instruments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Nuvama Research. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Raghunandan: 
Sir, firstly, in consolidated numbers, the raw material cost to revenue has significantly 
reduced by 290 bps YoY. What would be the main factors leading to this reduction? I 
mean the copper prices have gone up 15%. Can you also indicate on the input 
commodity side, which would be the main commodities apart from copper and plastic 
for us? 
Kunal Malani: 
Raghu, I think the way to think about it is two, three things are embedded. One, 
obviously, the mix of businesses has changed. In quarter one, as an example, you did 
not have the integrated assemblies part of the business, which traditionally does carry 
a lower amount of, let's say, raw material in comparison to some of our other 
businesses. 2) Needless to say, if you think about last year, this time you were seeing 
a fair amount of headwinds, a fair amount of unknown electricity cost etc. which were 
all getting bloated up. And hence, there was a pain period for which we had told you 
that we are working with the customers to reprice our products. And hence, what you 
are seeing in this quarter is how that repriced situation is looking like from our cost of 
raw materials perspective. 3) As part of some of the commodity conversations which 
had gone or been last year around similar time zones, some of them were constructed 
with the pass-through elements. And that, again, is what you are seeing now in terms 
of the raw material percentage. 
Raghunandan: 
Got it, sir. So, integrated assemblies with higher margin, repricing from customers, and 
commodity pass-through would be the main elements. When I come to the standalone 
business, again here, if I look at raw material cost to revenue, it has reduced YoY and 
on a QoQ basis. In presentation, you have also referred to in sourcing activities leading 
to support for margins. If you can elaborate on the same please? 
Kunal Malani: 
Look, the answers here also are somewhat similar. There is a whole host of new 
businesses which also got assimilated in this time zone. Some of our existing 
businesses were merged into SAMIL, so really the two numbers are really not 
comparable again. 
Raghunandan: 
Got it sir. On the aerospace business, the revenue during the quarter was over Rs. 300 
crore. In one of the earlier press releases, the order book was indicated at $1.3 billion. 
How much would be the current order book and over what period is it expected to be 
executed? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We have not come up with independent numbers for the individual verticals. We will 
consider that and come back to you. But of course, there is a significant ramp up that 
will happen in later years as we have put up significant CAPEX for building up new 
facilities for the aerospace orders that we have won. So, you will see further growth that 
happens in this business. Also, we know that there is some slowdown that is coming in 
aerospace on the international side, but India still continues to be a buoyant market 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
where we see a lot of growth opportunities. So, we will come back to you with more on 
that number. 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you Vaaman for that. In one of the slides, you have mentioned about delay in 
launches in EVs, which has some impact on vision system integrated assembly. How 
much would be the share of EV in these segments and in overall revenue, how much 
would EV programs contribute? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We can look at that number on the SMRPBV numbers that we disclose. 
Kunal Malani: 
Vaaman, I will help on this. EV is currently 9% odd share. 
Raghunandan: 
And this will be EV plus hybrid or pure EV?  
Kunal Malani: 
This is just pure EV. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Just so that I can add some more to what Kunal said, I think what is important for you 
to understand is again, we are powertrain agnostic. So, there are delays on the EV side. 
We are seeing extensions of the ICE programs, which we are also on. So, thanks to 
Papa's direction, we have always maintained that EVs will take some time to come on 
board. We cannot compress time. So, we always had a balanced approach and made 
sure that we were winning orders both on the ICE side and on the EV side so that if 
there is a slowdown which is happening and it's taking longer for the EVs to pick up, we 
are still very much growing still with the content that we have on our ICE programs. So, 
that augurs really well for us, as we are still seeing growth where there might be pockets 
of slowdown for others. 
Raghunandan: 
So, ICE and hybrid would both help our growth. I remember that EV was 20% of order 
book. What would be the share of hybrid, if you remember offhand? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
I don't remember that number offhand, I am sorry. But again, hybrids are getting a lot 
more traction now. But we will look at that number and come back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
My question is on the inorganic growth side. So, in the past, we had been staying away 
from powertrain related components. Do we still maintain that strategy or now we are 
open to both ICE and EV related powertrain components? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thanks for that question. I don't think we ever said we will stay away or stay close. I 
think our vision has always been to follow the customer. So, wherever the customer 
wants us, we will definitely be there. I think we always want to have a balanced 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
approach. If you know that we have also taken over the business of the Yachiyo where 
a portion of that business is coming from fuel tanks, and we believe that the market is 
big enough for all sorts of different technologies to coexist and have opportunities for 
Motherson to grow. And for example, even in the future, if hydrogen is to come, then 
again fuel tanks will be necessary. So, we are staying very close to what the customer 
wants. And also, our acquisitions are only at the customer's behest. So, we really don't 
decide which way we go. We are just supporting our customers' ambitions. And in that, 
we will always maintain a balanced approach and look at both ICE and hybrid and of 
course, any other electric opportunities that also come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
I wanted to check; we have done these acquisitions recently. Where are we in the 
synergy journey for these? How much of it, according to you, has been explored up till 
now? Or is it very early days and there is a lot of ground to cover? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, thank you for that question. Motherson always believes that we take our time with 
the acquisitions to understand them deeply and integrate them and make sure that we 
take the right step forward. So, definitely it is early days, I think the journey has just 
begun with these acquisitions. So, please keep watching this space. We will definitely 
come back with a lot more on this, but definitely, when we acquire the companies, we 
set ourselves with a plan and we just started to execute that. Until one year, we are also 
very deeply understanding the functioning of that Company and understanding what the 
customer requirements are also. So, we are still in very early days and definitely more 
synergies will come as we go down the line. 
Kapil Singh: 
And on the consumer electronic division, I wanted to understand is this currently the 
Rs. 2600 crores CAPEX, is this one line of CAPEX with the JV that we are doing, or is 
there, because you referred something to assembly as well, so I just want to be clear 
whether these are two separate lines of businesses, or currently we are looking at just 
one opportunity? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, there are multiple opportunities. And the Rs. 2,600 crores investment encapsulates 
all of them. So, of course, we are a highly engineering-focused Company, so we are 
not just going to be doing manufacturing. We will also be doing assembly and any post-
operations that would require, we want to be the complete solution for our customers. 
So, obviously, that starts with the more basic assembly. But then as you keep building 
on that, you will get into more highly engineered parts which we are building for already 
as well. So, there is Rs. 2600 crores for the entire CAPEX for this entire project for all 
the businesses that we envisage that we need to build to make sure that we are 
delivering the solution to our customers. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay, so some of these will be outside the JV as well. Is that the right way to 
understand? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
That's right. 
Kapil Singh: 
And in terms of the return profile, because it's a new division for us, so if you could get 
some color, are we following the same guidelines, which are 40% ROCE, and we have 
seen sometimes the Greenfields when they come up in automotive business, they are 
loss making initially, and then it takes some time to stabilize and increase the margin. 
So, just if you could give some qualitative color on return profile, asset turns and 
expected time to turn around or breakeven? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Sure. Look, these are new businesses that we are getting into. So, definitely, we are 
also learning as we go along. But our focus has always remained at that 40% ROCE. 
We do envisage that since these are businesses that move much faster, automotive 
program takes almost two years to develop and lasts for five to seven years. But on 
consumer electronics side, the cycle is much, much shorter. Newer products come out 
every single year. So, definitely the margin profiles and the investments correspondingly 
are different for these businesses. And we will continue to give you the color as we 
continue to perform and deliver to our customer expectations. So, definitely the 40% 
ROCE target is maintained, and definitely we strive to be much faster in our 
development as required by the industry and also turn the asset turns and deliver more 
profit as required for achieving those 40% ROCE targets. 
Kapil Singh: 
And if you could just refresh us on the CAPEX plan for this year and in light of this 
investment, is that included already or is there any change? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, Kunal can add on that, but like I said in my opening comments, we are still 
maintaining that Rs. 5,000 crores for all the businesses that we envisage right now. Of 
course, because the number of acquisitions is high and as we are getting deeper in, we 
are looking at those numbers constantly. But we still hope to cover around that Rs. 
5,000 crore mark plus minus 10%. If there is some change or some significant new 
order wins as we have entered these businesses, that comes, we will come back to you 
on that, but this entire CAPEX is covering all the new facilities that we want to build in 
the automotive and non-automotive side. 
Kunal Malani: 
That is right. We will come back next quarter if we have to change this around using the 
revised business parameter. But right now, we are still on the belief that it should lie 
within 5,000 plus minus 10%. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure. And just if you would share some, what kind of visibility you have on doing further 
acquisitions, how is the pipeline looking like? That would be my final question. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, the market continues to be a challenging one. I think you've seen that the pace 
has really increased. We continue to see more opportunities that are there in the 
pipeline and are hopeful to hit our 2025 targets. But again, we will be extremely picky 
and we will only go after where the customer wants us to be. But that being said, there 
definitely are still challenges that exist. And again, we are hopeful that you will find good 
targets that will help us achieve our 2025 vision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Shah from Shine Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Shah: 
I just wanted to congratulate the Company for crossing the 1 lakh crore revenue mark. 
It's probably one of the very few companies in India which has crossed this milestone. 
So, congratulations for that. Coming back to the quarter Q1 FY25, you all reported a 
super revenue growth of 29%. Just wanted to have a better clarity of what the numbers 
would look like for FY25 and probably FY26 because this year is going to be a year 
where you are going to see a ramp up of a lot of the acquisitions and we are almost 
coming into picture and a lot of these acquisitions actually have EBITDA where the 
margins are actually better than our Company level margins. So, according to you, what 
would be the revenue and the PAT estimate for FY25 because some of the brokerages 
that I was seeing in India, some of the brokers were looking at Rs. 5000 crore PAT 
number or another broker was looking at a Rs. 4000 crore PAT number. So, you think 
this number is a reasonable number according to you, or this number can be little more 
aggressive going ahead. So, what is your sense on that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you for the kind words at the start of your comments, but I'll request Kunal to 
comment on this please. 
Kunal Malani: 
Amit, as you are aware, we really do not guide on how the topline or the bottomline is 
going to play out. What we can certainly say is we are right now at 18% annualized 
ROCE for this quarter. Our target is 40%, as you know, in our five-year plan. This is the 
last year of our five-year plan. And we plan to traverse the maximum that we can 
between 18% to 40%. We do believe we should improve significantly from where we 
are right now as we head towards the end of the year. There are multiple levers for the 
same. Part of it, you rightly alluded to the fact that you are yet to see some of the synergy 
benefits from the M&A come into play. You are also yet to see some of the efficiency 
parameters that should help in reducing some of the capital inefficiencies or capital that 
is blocked right now in working capital which should get released in the later part of the 
year. As 83.4 billion order that we had announced last year as that comes into SOPs, 
you should see some of the equipment getting sold to the customer for which we are 
currently carrying it on our books and hence should again lighten the capital at our end. 
And we continuously work on building efficiencies on the supply chain side to be able 
to again optimize our capital deployment there. So, hence multiple levers by which we 
do believe that overall, the ROCE should be trending upwards as we head. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Amit Shah: 
Got it. This is probably the last year of this five-year plan. So, what do you aspire for 
the next five years plan? Is it going to be in terms of profitability? Is it going to be in 
terms of revenue? Because in terms of ROCE, we are still at around 18%, and our 
target of course is 40%. Probably this year, we may probably inject 300 or 400 basis 
points in terms of ROC. But do you see in the next five-year plan, are you all targeting 
a billion dollar kind of a profit in your next five year plan? Is that a possibility that you 
are thinking when you are looking at the acquisitions, is there a thing where you can 
build it in your organic business as well? A billion-dollar profitability, maybe for the next 
five year plan. Is that a number that you will be okay to work on? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you for those comments. Look, we will come back to you with our five-year plan. 
We usually kick that off around September, October with our internal team, so honestly 
we don't even know where that five-year plan will take us. We are really very much 
focused right now on delivering this five-year plan. I think you have to take all our targets 
with what is really going on in the world as well. All these targets were set before we 
knew that COVID was around the corner in 2020. And you can understand all the 
different events that have happened since that time. I think in lieu of all the events that 
have happened in the world, I think you would see that Motherson has really 
outperformed by any means on all the parameters of global growth and what has really 
happened in terms of circumstances in this world. That being said, we don't change our 
targets or just because COVID came or the Ukraine crisis or energy crisis or inflation or 
whatever you want to say that has happened, we do not deter from our targets. So, we 
have maintained it. We still believe that we have a very good shot of hitting them. But I 
think even in the ROCE targets, you have to understand that ROCE doesn't happen 
overnight. It's something that takes time. We are a growth Company. As you invest for 
growth, the ROCE goes the other way. But as those businesses then start to prosper 
and the businesses play out and the productions ramp up, the ROCE numbers also 
comes. So, if you take those targets with all the businesses that we have had at 2020 
when you were deciding these targets, you will see that there is been a steady growth 
in the ROCE delivery. And of course, the ROCE always comes under pressure when 
we do the new acquisitions and growth as that will only come in the future. So, if you 
look at it like that, you will see that we have tended extremely well. The Company has 
definitely outperformed our targets on the organic side. And as these new organic 
businesses spent 5 to 7 years’ time with us, when we clean out the old issues with the 
Company, start building new pipelines and start delivering on the new orders, the ROCE 
starts to inch up a bit. The target of 40% is as a group. Multiple verticals have already 
achieved that 40% target with their organic business. And of course, no business is 
available at that 40% target when we start. It's a buildup process by a lot of hard work 
of the teams. So, we are extremely pleased with the efforts of the teams, what we have 
been able to achieve. And definitely we will push everything we have got for this last 
couple of quarters till the end of 2025. And then we will also come back to you with the 
next target. But rest assured, it's going to be a big number, and it will definitely not be 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
diluted on our ROCE targets. And definitely we will push the teams to deliver to the 
best. But you'll have to be patient. We can't let any cats out of the bags because there 
really is no cat to be let out as we ourselves will decide that target in these coming 
months and we will disclose it to the market. I hope I was able to answer your question. 
Amit Shah: 
I just have one last question. I was just referring to your Slide #7 where you have given 
the production volume for global light vehicles and global commercial vehicles. The Q2 
numbers, estimated numbers are only lower end as per the slide. So, how are you 
seeing the Q2 numbers? Are they representative of these numbers for the Company? 
Or will we be doing a lot different what was we have been doing? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
No, look, Q2 globally for the automotive side is always weaker because it has a large 
number of holidays in August. So, that is a natural phenomenon that happens every 
single year. I think again, the best comparison would be to compare our performance 
Q2 over Q2 of last year. And as the teams again, like I said, continue to perform better, 
the volumes continue to happen due to the new launches. And of course, some impact 
will come because of the holiday season. But we do envisage that the next few quarters, 
we will continue to perform as all our plans of resilience and our customer focus and 
driving up of efficiencies continues to take shape. So, we are, again, very hopeful and 
positive and continue to deliver on all our programs that are running. And hopefully, we 
will be much better than where we were. Of course, cannot give any guarantee to what 
happens in the market, but this is generally what happens in Q2 because of the holiday 
season, you see a slight dip, but that catches up in Q3 and Q4. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan from Bank of America, please 
go ahead. 
Gunjan: 
I just had a few clarifications. Firstly, on the acquisitions that have been concluded, is 
there anything pending to be paid out still for those transactions? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Kunal, I don't think there is anything left there, is there? 
Gunjan: 
So, while maybe Kunal joins back, maybe I can go to the other question if that's okay. 
So, the other question was on this non-auto, the emerging business as you call it. You 
know, you all had laid out this aspiration to get to 25% and we are roughly now at about 
9% or so. Now that you have visibility on at least two or three of these businesses like 
electronics and aerospace with the ADI Industries transaction, could you just give us a 
sense on how should we think about this 25% now? Is it in the next two, three years, 
this seems like a very viable outcome? I am just trying to think about how to build this 
extremely new segment in Motherson where now there is a better handle. I mean 
completely the electronics business sounds quite optimistic, aerospace with ADI 
Industries sounds quite exciting. So, how should we think about the revenue growth 
over the next three, four years? 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, thanks, Gunjan. I think again we will come back with a five-year plan on these 
diversified businesses as we get a much better handle on all of them. As you can 
imagine, there were a lot more imagination when we set them out in 2020 with, of 
course, plans in place to go after these businesses, but they have shaped up much 
better than what we envisaged with all of these taking grip at the right time. I think we 
will come back to you with more color on that, but definitely the idea of 25% of group 
revenue will only be there, perhaps even grow in the next five years. But at the same 
time, it's not that we want to lose focus of the automotive business. That's always been 
our main business. And that too will continue to grow. So, the pie will continue to grow. 
And these businesses will obviously grow tremendously because they are at a much 
lower base than where we are with the automotive business. But yes, a very exciting 
future is definitely on the cards. I think you are seeing the traction that we are receiving 
is probably from one of the highest levels that we have seen in these new areas of 
business. We are building the right partnerships, we are getting the right customers, 
and I think it's a very exciting future. And then what is the tailwind of what is happening 
on the India market, I think we are very well positioned to take advantage of these and 
grow very rapidly in the next few years. But please give us some time. We will give you 
a lot more clarity on the next five-year vision plan for all these new businesses. 
Gunjan: 
Yes, I just wanted to check Kunal, if there is any pending payment for the acquisitions 
concluded? 
Kunal Malani: 
No Gunjan, there should be nothing significant. There will be some payouts which has 
been withheld on account of how the contractual arrangements are. But nothing of any 
significance going ahead. 
Gunjan: 
So, it's fair to assume that if there were to be nothing, not assessing any incremental 
acquisitions, but in the next two, three quarters, the debt should significantly come down 
because of the reversal of working capital and the cash flow generation in the business. 
Kunal Malani: 
That is right. We should be looking at a deleveraging path going ahead. And we had 
anyway guided in the earlier part of the year as well that end of the year should be 
looking one or better in terms of net debt to EBITDA. And that's the trajectory that we 
still see. The only part from an M&A perspective, you may want to keep in mind we 
have announced a new one in this quarter, which is our joint venture with Sojitz, where 
we have bought Sojitz stake. That payout will happen in Q2. 
Gunjan: 
How much is that, Kunal? 
Kunal Malani: 
Around Rs. 230 to Rs. 240 crores. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Gunjan: 
Okay, just last on from a capital perspective that this enabling resolution that we have, 
is this keeping in mind that we don't want to really breach 1.5 net debt to EBITDA when 
we come across a large transaction should we keep 1.5 as a threshold in mind? 
Kunal Malani: 
Look, our financial policy is two and a half, I think Vaaman alluded to the fact that this 
is for growth opportunities, and we are proactively looking at different opportunities. As 
you can imagine, there is a lot of pain in the Western world, given how the inflation is 
played out, given how excess capacity resides. And hence, M&A is an active space for 
us. And we are only trying to proactively manage our capital structure for any future 
opportunities that might come our way. One and a half is not really the guidance. It's at 
comfort level. Our financial policy remains 2.5x net debt to EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Just a couple of questions and one clarification. The first one is when I look at your 
depreciation line, despite the addition of 3 acquisitions in the June quarter, sequentially 
the depreciation amount has come down. So, is this a good starting point for upcoming 
quarters or is there any one-off in the quarter? 
Kunal Malani: 
Maybe I can take that. Both depreciation amortization for the last quarter, that is 31st 
March 24, had certain items that had to be recalibrated at the end, specifically in regards 
to the lease pieces, given these are newly acquired assets that were still getting 
assimilated then. As of now, with what we know, what you are seeing in the current 
quarter is more reflective of what you should be seeing going ahead. Having said so, 
ADI Industries, Yachiyo as well as Lumen Industries, it's there for part of the quarter 
only. Yachiyo is for full, ADI and Lumen is for part of the quarter, so there might be 
some changes as we look through the full quarter piece as we move ahead. But these 
numbers are possibly more reflective. Also, there are PPA adjustments, as you know, 
which will happen as more data around this topic is picked up by our auditors. We 
booked Goodwill of around about 600 crores in this quarter, but the PPA is yet to be 
finalized. And there might be some variations but should not be very significantly 
different to what you are seeing right now, give or take. 
Joseph George: 
The second question was for the accounting with respect to the JV with BIEL. Will it be 
a line-by-line consolidation or will it be accounted for a share of profits? Because we 
call it a JV, so, I am sure. 
Kunal Malani: 
A line-by-line consolidation.  
Joseph George: 
Perfect, thanks. And the last question was with respect to the commencement of the 
operation. So, just a clarification there. I thought you mentioned that the manufacturing 
in the JV with BIEL will start in September, October. Did I hear you right? 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
That's correct. 
Joseph George: 
Okay, and lastly, the assembly operation, when is that acceptable, sir? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Testings already started. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avish Bhansali from Chanakya Capital 
Services Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Avish Bhansali: 
Can you just talk about the slowdown that is currently going in Europe and America? 
Also, the slow adaption of EVs. How you see this impacting us in near term? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you for that question. I think the thing that Motherson is always focused on is 
3CX10. No customer, no country, no component to be more than 10% of our business. 
I think obviously for the countryside, India is the largest one that crosses that threshold, 
but otherwise most of the other customers and the country that we are present in is 
much below that threshold. So, even though there is slowdown in the market, 
sometimes when it comes to like EVs that we are talking about or flattish growth, 
Motherson is still able to grow because of our diversification and customer profile in our 
products. And of course, that our products are constantly evolving and are growing in 
content as the new program develops. So, there is a lot more feature-rich content as 
we are doing interiors, exteriors, a lot of the attributes inside are constantly growing in 
product value for us. That's how we overcome some of the situations in the market 
when they may be dips in different product lines of the customer. And our diversification 
really helps us to overcome these patches. So, we are very cognizant of it. We track 
each and every unit of ours. We are seeing where the program launches are happening 
on time or are getting delayed. And we use those facilities to of course be able to do 
diversified business. So, if one customer or one product line is not doing well, hopefully 
the other customer product lines have a nice mix and there is uptake on the others. 
That's how we try to overcome and balance the effects that happen. And as you can 
see, Motherson has constantly beaten the market based on these principles. So, there 
would always be pockets of these kinds of times and definitely our diversification 
strategy and the presence that we have built now over in 44 countries, I think that's what 
really helps us to grow even in times where there may be, like I said, some slower 
offtakes of customers on certain product lines. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as our last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal for closing 
comments. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, thank you. Thanks to everybody for being on the call and for asking all the 
questions. As you can see, Motherson is providing a lot of information on all our results, 
and all of these have already been posted on the website. If there is any, of course, any 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
follow-on questions or any clarifications, we are very happy to take them. The board 
congratulated the team on a very successful quarter one. And as you will all agree, with 
a tough background, we have really done our best here and provided the best result 
possible with all the efforts of the teams. So, thank you for your faith and confidence in 
us and we continue to execute, and we look forward to talking to you all in the next 
quarter. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour : The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing the translated 
version of voice file for grammatical, punctuation, formatting and factual corrections etc. The audio recording of transcript is 
available at website of the company, viz., www.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and 
assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and 
can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, 
uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or 
achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any 
person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. 
Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and 
adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
