 
PCL/SEC/24-25/042 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
21st August 2024 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Scrip Code - PRECAM  
To, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001  
 
BSE Scrip Code – 539636 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earnings Call held on Monday, 19th August 2024. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III with Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed transcript of earnings call held on Monday, 19th August 2024 at 12.15 PM (IST). 
It is also available on the website of the Company at www.pclindia.in.   
You are requested to take the same on record.   
Thanking you, 
For Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Tanmay M. Pethkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem. No: A53618 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tanmay 
Pethkar
Digitally signed by 
Tanmay Pethkar 
Date: 2024.08.21 
12:40:09 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Precision Camshafts Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARAN SHAH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – PRECISION CAMSHAFTS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, greetings, and welcome to the Precision Camshafts Limited Q1 FY 2025 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. A brief 
question and answer session will follow the formal presentation, if anyone should require 
operator assistance during the conference call, please press star and zero on your telephone 
keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce 
your host, Mr. Karan Shah, Whole-Time Director, Business Development. Please go ahead, sir. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to thank you all for being a part of 
this Precision Camshafts Q1 FY '24-'25 Earnings Conference Call. In case of any detailed 
questions regarding finance, please e-mail your questions to cs@pclindia.in and we'll provide 
you answers in a reasonable time. We have submitted our investor's presentation for Q1 of FY 
'25 to the stock exchanges on the 17th of August and the same is available on our website. 
Investors are requested to refer to the same. 
I'm pleased to announce that Precision Camshafts Limited has achieved noticeable growth in the 
bottom line in the previous quarter. Our net profit reached INR18 crores, up from INR15 crores 
in the previous quarter. This growth is driven by enhanced asset utilization, a strong order book 
and successful addition of new customers to our product portfolio. Total income at a PCL stand-
alone level was INR169 crores. 
Our subsidiary, MEMCO has also shown significant improvement. The total income for the 
quarter was INR12.8 crores with a net profit of INR55 lakhs. This positive shift underscores 
MEMCO's effective turnaround and operational improvements. However, we continue to face 
challenges at our e-mobility subsidiary, EMOSS, in the Netherlands. The sluggish revenue trend 
is largely due to geopolitical instability and a recessionary environment in Europe.  
EMOSS earned a total revenue of INR46 crores in the current quarter as compared to previous 
quarter of INR31 crores. In Germany, our group company MFT has achieved business 
stabilization in these turbulent times. MFT's total income for the quarter was INR42 crores and 
despite the ongoing challenges, MFT remains focused on diversifying its product portfolio by 
introducing non-engine components. 
Turning to our e-mobility efforts in India, we're happy to share the start of commercial 
deployment of our electric LCVs in the Indian market. Apart from the already deployed vehicles, 
we have received confirmed orders from large pan-India customers to deploy all 3 variants of 
our retrofitted LCV, 70 kilometers on a single charge, 100 kilometers on a single charge or 250 
kilometers on a single charge, which is truly first of its kind in India. 
We have already started delivering vehicles to customers in Pune, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Kolkata 
and Delhi, and we will be soon adding major cities in the future. We have also recently conducted 
a successful workshop in the Delhi area with our partners through which we expect additional 
offtake in North India. 
In summary, Precision Camshafts continues to navigate both opportunities and challenges with 
resilience, and we are committed to delivering value and driving growth across our portfolio. 
Coming to the financial performance, the stand-alone business of PCL, which houses the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Camshaft business, total income stood at INR169 crores and EBITDA margin for the quarter 
was 18.8% and PAT margin was 10.5%. 
Coming to the consolidated performance, total consolidated performance was INR263 crores. 
EBITDA increased by 18% to INR31 crores. PBT for Q1 was INR15 crores and PAT was 11.6%, 
coming to the group company's revenue for Q1 of FY '25. Revenue from MEMCO was INR12.8 
crores, revenue for MFT was INR33.5 crores and revenue for EMOSS was INR46.28 crores. 
We have been continuing to operate in challenging times, and we remain focused to continue 
with resilience, and I thank you all for your support in this process. With this, I would now like 
to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Gautam Rajesh from Leo Capital. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
Yes, so I had two questions. My first question was, can you share an update on the domestic EV 
retrofitment business? And can you give an update on the demand outlook that we have for this 
current financial year and the coming financial year? 
Karan Shah: 
Sure. I already touched base on this during my introductory speech, but we have started 
commercial sales of retrofitment for 3 to 5 -- for large pan-India operators of vehicles. These are 
mainly in the e-commerce segment, logistics segment as well as largely in waste collection, 
which includes medical waste, biomedical, solid waste, etcetera, and we are seeing a good off 
take.  
Right now, we have started delivering vehicles in different parts of the country, as I mentioned. 
At this point of time, it is just too early to mention any kind of numbers on the order pipeline 
because this is just the very first month that we are starting to sell. But once we have more clarity 
on that, I would be happy to share that with you. But I think the momentum is going in the right 
direction at this point of time. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And how is the feedback from customers for this retrofitment solution? 
And by when are we planning to launch it as an OEM? I know it's a start, but like still, is there 
any idea where we can expect when we are planning to launch it as an OEM in the Indian market, 
per se? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, as an OEM journey is about a couple of years away, at least. I think it requires significant 
amount of development and testing and so on, which is already underway. But it's important to 
know that our retrofit is the same powertrain that we will be using going forward. So the amount 
of experience and data that we will get out of this retrofit business is also very valuable for the 
OEM trend. That's number one. 
The number two question is that customers seem to be very happy at this point of time with the 
product. There are no serious complaints or issues in the field at this point, which is good. I think 
the most important bit is what we are able to offer to the market is a product, which is at par with 
what the OEMs are offering at a price which is less than half of buying a new electric LCV. So 
I think it's a very lucrative solution for some of the customers that we are dealing with. It has the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
kind of cost and payback is less than two years in most of the cases, so it's a very economically 
beneficial solution for our customers as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sebastian, an investor. 
Sebastian: 
My first question was what is your outlook for the EMOSS business? And are we seeing demand 
conditions turn around in Europe? 
Karan Shah: 
Not really. To be honest, things are still very sluggish. The economies are not doing well. I think 
this is quite evident from even the news that you can see. But I don't see a quick turnaround of 
the situation immediately. Again, like I have mentioned in the previous call, customers have not 
gone away or have not shifted to competition of canceled orders, but it is more of a delayed 
decision-making, delayed demand and it is very hard to say at this point of time when we expect 
to come out of this downturn. 
Sebastian: 
Right. And also my second question was how about the demand outlook on the domestic 
camshafts business? At what rate can it grow at for this year and for the coming year? 
Karan Shah: 
There we see actually very interesting times. We are -- as you know, we have a significant market 
share for camshafts in India, which includes the large OEMs like Maruti, Tata, Mahindra, and 
Hyundai etcetera. And we are mostly a single source to a lot of the customers. So the growth of 
the customer will be directly correlated to our growth. And as you can see, most of the OEMs 
are growing this year and the next year. So it will be a disjointed demand and grow with them. 
But what is more interesting is that there are several new businesses that we have won from 
Indian OEMs who were importing parts in the past from, let's say, China or other countries. And 
that business we have got, and we are setting up a new plant, we are setting up new facilities and 
align for machining of these camshafts, which is going to start in the end of 2024-'25, this year, 
and some in the next year. So the camshaft demand is actually increasing quite a bit over the 
coming years. 
Sebastian: 
Understood, sir. Is there any number you can give me for the growth rate, however? 
Karan Shah: 
No, I mean, I would not be able to give you forward-looking numbers, but enough to say that 
we will be following industry trend. If the automotive OEMs are growing at double digits, then 
we'll follow. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shubham Jain, an investor. 
Shubham Jain: 
Congratulations for the good performance and the improvement in margins. This is a pleasant 
surprise from you guys after two quarters, actually. I have a few questions. One is you said that 
on the India LCV business, you've started delivering vehicles across two different locations like 
Mumbai and Delhi, etcetera. So, are these being retrofitted at your factory in Solapur or have 
you put up some sort of a setup even in Delhi as well as for the retrofitment? 
Karan Shah: 
No, at this point of time, everything that we are doing is either in Pune or in Solapur and not 
really expanding beyond that. I think there has to be a significant volume for us to do that. We 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
have shifted only in the tens and not the hundreds and thousands. So, once we have a critical 
volume, then we will, of course, consider it. But I think based on some of the interactions that 
we have had with customers in the last 1 or 2 months only, I think it is -- we have a fairly good 
visibility for what can happen in North India, especially in NCR as well as in Uttar Pradesh and 
so on. So, if that -- when it calls for that, we will certainly look at partners, which we have 
already identified to basically do the execution of the retrofitment locally. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. And one more thing is whatever vehicles you have delivered and you're starting to deliver, 
are you guys sticking to the time lines of a 24-hour turnaround on a retrofitment of vehicles? Or 
is your experience a little bit different now that you're actually doing -- you got into this 
business? 
Karan Shah: 
No, I think that's very clear from day 1, we have been saying that the actual retrofitment time is 
less than 24 hours. It's not even 24 hours. But the question is that it comes with a lot of other 
challenges that we are, of course, knew, and the customer also knows of, which includes the 
RTO reregistration. It includes some of the paperwork that needs to be done and different states 
have different regulations and requirements and so on, but customers are aware of this, and we 
are working on very different models, right? 
We are also -- we are working on new vehicle electrification. We are also using 5-year-old 
vehicles and electrifying them. We have three different battery packs that are available for the 
customer to choose. So, all of these combinations, the customer has quite a lot of flexibility in 
what they want, which is what they are happy with also. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. Understood. So -- but tell me something for a customer, once he comes to your shop, it 
will generally take only 24 hours to 48 hours for him to get the vehicle out despite all these 
operational or logistical activities, which he has to do in terms of RTO reregistration... 
Karan Shah: 
No, the vehicle -- see from our side, the vehicle is in and out in a day, right? But to make that 
vehicle road legal and compliant with regulations can be different in different cities, different in 
different states and so on. So that is more or less always in the scope of the customer. We always 
guide the customer in what is to be done, but it is in the scope of the customer to get that 
reregistered from the local RTOs. 
Shubham Jain: 
And are you going to provide all these ancillary services also in terms of financing, in terms of 
getting registration done, etcetera, to make additional income for each vehicle besides the 
retrofitment replacement? 
Karan Shah: 
I mean, look, there is no margin or money to be made in reregistering and so on. It's a few 
thousand rupees for the RTO. That is not the core business. But of course, we are involved in 
creating an ecosystem. When I say that how do you charge the vehicles, where can we provide 
charging infrastructure. Financing, of course, we have some partners on board. 
We have ourselves financed a few vehicles to PCL to lease them out so that those are, of course, 
income streams. Service is another big one, including having a pan-India service partner that we 
are tied up with basically to provide roadside assistance and spare parts and so on. So yes, there 
are -- it's a lot of different pieces to the puzzle and we are putting it all together right now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. So lastly, I'm getting too much into it. When are we expected to do, I mean, be full-
fledged into it in terms of the entire company is selling across India, right, across -- because you 
have Chennai also, you have Bangalore also, you have huge demand in South as well besides 
the markets you have chosen, right, West and North. So -- because last time you had said that 
supply chain is not an issue. If there are 1,000 vehicles which come to you guys, you'll be able 
to retrofit the 1,000 vehicles without any issue on supply chain. So this is my question in terms 
of where do you see -- when will we see that the growth coming in from your side on this 
particular business? 
Karan Shah: 
Within the next few months we are starting delivering vehicles in Bangalore and Chennai also. 
So that's not -- geography is not the issue. I think it is -- what you really have to understand is 
that this is not a normal kind of solution for customers. Most customers don't even know what 
retrofitment is and what the benefits are and so on. So it is a long education period and 
convincing period for customers to really take on this.  
And no customer will come to you on the first day and say, "Okay, I have 1,000 vehicles, please 
retrofit them for me." Everybody wants to minimize their risk and so it is smaller numbers to 
start with. And once they get more confidence that it is coming with follow-on orders. So it is 
very difficult today to predict to you or to give you some numbers on what the total number of 
vehicles per year or per quarter looks like. 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. But once you get a few MOUs done which you recently revealed like one with the 
Bluwheelz, etc. If you could give us after a few weeks-or-so probably with the few customers, 
if you could give us more color on what is the quantum of... 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, today we are not only talking about MOUs. We have purchase orders from customers and 
we are starting to deliver commercial vehicle. It's not that we are only working on trial basis. 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes, I know that. We as analysts want to estimate what are the kind of numbers we can look at 
in the next 2, 3 years’ time? 
Karan Shah: 
I hope that within the next couple of months I'm able to give you more color on that. 
Shubham Jain: 
Fantastic. That is what I want. Last question to you before I hand over to mic is how the non-
engine business looking at, you had said that you've got one order for one particular product. I 
think it is a brake product with PCL itself. How is it going and what is the growth on the non-
engine products? 
Karan Shah: 
It's the first product that we have started. It is growing. It's in a ramp-up period, and it is growing 
well, but I think like I said in my previous answer we are also growing the camshaft business 
significantly. There are a lot of new orders, a lot of new customers, a lot of new products at this 
point of time that we are developing or ramping up or will be going into production soon. So it's 
a combination of both and it would be not wise to ignore the camshaft demand that you have 
coming in. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. I have 1 follow-up question to this. I agree to that. I'm fully with you on the camshaft 
business. It is actually the cash-generating business of the group. You are generating more than 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
INR100 crores of cash flows every year. I have a different question is now you have INR200 
crores, INR250 crores of cash on balance sheet. Are you looking at some sort of a buyback kind 
of a thing to reduce, to bring or the promoters are also looking in some kind of increasing the 
stake like tweaking way or some sort of capital activity on your company is something we're 
looking at because you hold a lot of cash.  
I mean when you're giving dividends -- we've seen the dividends which are coming are peanuts. 
So is there some way of returning some cash back to the shareholders. Now that your operations 
overseas are getting stabilized and you don't need to put in more money there, right? 
Karan Shah: 
Look, we have other uses of the money. We are expanding the camshaft business. We're setting 
up new plants. We have some other opportunities that we're looking at also. So I will not 
comment on buyback or anything at this point of time. At the right time, if there is something 
like that in the pipeline, I will surely share it with shareholders. 
Shubham Jain: 
Thank you Karan. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vipul Shah with Sumangal Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vipul Shah: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So firstly can you give the EBITDA contribution of MFT and 
EMOSS because in your presentation figures are mentioned for standalone camshaft business 
and MEMCO, but for MFT and EMOSS you have not mentioned. There are just lines drawn, 
but there are no figures mentioned. 
Karan Shah: 
I think if you can please write to us, we'll share with you the exact details. I don't have these 
offhand, but I can -- in the presentation which is shared the exact EBITDA of each company is 
also shared in the presentation. So I request if you take a look at this again as well. 
Vipul Shah: 
No. What I mean to say is there are colored lines, but there are no figures associated with MFT 
and EMOSS. The other 2 entities figures have been mentioned, you can yourself have a look at 
the presentation, sir. 
Karan Shah: 
Sir, we will definitely look at this, and we will come back to you. Tanmay, if you can please 
keep a note of this so that we can get back to sir? 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay. And second question is regarding the contribution of machine camshaft, it is around 30%. 
So can we expect any material jump over next 2 years in as proportion of total overall camshaft 
volumes? Can we reach 40% to 50% in over the next 2, 3 years? 
Karan Shah: 
I will not comment on what percentage but surely, we will be increasing the machine camshaft 
sales in the coming 2 years because we have the contracts in place. We are setting up the capacity 
in order to increase that proportion of machine camshaft and we are also in touch with a lot of 
our existing customers as well to see how we can increase the sale of machine camshafts to even 
the existing customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Vipul Shah: 
And lastly, regarding your retrofitting of LCVs, so are we required to take all necessary 
permissions from relevant government authorities before proceeding with the retrofitting? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, sir, of course. We have to have certifications from ARAI. We had to have the permissions 
from the transport commission out of every state. We have to have the inspection from the RTO 
at every city and so on. So it's a long process and it includes a variety of government bodies to 
make sure that the product that we are putting onto the market is a fit and is certified. 
Vipul Shah: 
So each and every vehicle will go through this process, right? 
Karan Shah: 
The certification and some of the earlier parts is obviously one time but every vehicle that is 
converted has to go through an inspection and reregistration process at the local RTO level. 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay. Karan. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ketan Chheda an investor. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Karan, before I ask my question, I'd like to reiterate what the previous participant mentioned. 
The EBITDA numbers for the subsidiaries are not mentioned for EMOSS and MFT, so I would 
request if you could plug in those numbers and reupload the presentation to the stock exchanges 
and on your website, so we can have a look at that? Because yes, I mean, 2 subsidiary numbers 
are missed, 2 subsidiary numbers are there for the EBITDA level. 
 
My first question, I want to ask like how do you do the revenue reconciliation for these 
retrofitment vehicles? You said that for you in and out is 24 hours or less than 24 hours. In terms 
of revenue recognition, when do you recognize the revenue for the retrofitment? 
Karan Shah: 
Only when the vehicle is taken into custody by the customer and it is out of our plant. That's 
when we invoice and that's when -- and the customer pays for the vehicle and then takes it back. 
That's how we ship the vehicle. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. So when it leaves our premises that is when you invoice and you collect the cash and the 
handover to the customer. But you don't wait until he finishes his formalities what is within his 
scope, while you support him but our revenue recognition... 
Karan Shah: 
See, typically, it goes hand-in-hand. So most of the times, we would wait for all the formalities 
to be done and it doesn't take weeks or months. It's a matter of few days that for the formalities 
to be done. So if you have to look at this conservatively, we would wait -- we would do the 
retrofit, we would wait for formalities to be done and only do invoice because the customer also 
wants to make sure that they can use the vehicle once they are delivered to them. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Understood. So you mentioned that you've already started deliveries of the numbers. So if you 
can share YTD in this financial year, how many commercial deliveries we've done so far? 
Karan Shah: 
It's like I said, it's not a significant number and then different models, different variants, new 
vehicles, old vehicles, et cetera, et cetera. So the number is under a 100 still all put together. But 
I think I should be able to share with you more details more other to it once we have some serious 
business from the existing customers as well as new ones. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Ketan Chheda: 
Sure. No problem. And in terms of capex, how much would be your capex planned for FY '25 
and '26, total? 
Karan Shah: 
You mean for the full group? 
Ketan Chheda: 
Yes, for the full group and if you can help me with only the stand-alone for the camshaft business 
or the PCL? 
Karan Shah: 
For the Camshaft business, we have planned some maintenance capex, which is regular INR3 
crores to INR5 crores-or-so, but the major capex is plant as well as the new assembled Camshaft 
machining lines that we have -- we are setting up for the business that we have won, so it's in 
the range of INR70 crores to INR80 crores in the coming, let's say, 6 months to 12 months. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. But INR70 crores to INR80 crores, this would be in FY '25 itself. 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. And any capex plan for '26? 
Karan Shah: 
Not at this point of time. Just for your reference and also the previous question, the individual 
EBITDA levels for all the 4 companies are mentioned on the very last slide of the investor 
presentation. So I request you to please take a look at that again. I think the color is a little bit 
dark, but I think it's -- we can reshare that, if necessary. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Yes. Actually, the thing is I'm just looking at it right now, but unfortunately, that is not visible, 
the numbers are not visible. 
Karan Shah: 
Okay. We'll reshare it. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. The next question was once you start achieving some critical numbers in your 
retrofitment, would you start reporting that as separate revenue and EBITDA for that one or you 
would give a single number for PCL entity? 
Karan Shah: 
As long as it is in the PCL entity, we'll do it at a single number, but of course, I'll give you in the 
quarterly calls, I will provide some kind of update on the numbers as well. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. And lastly, any plans of taking the EMOSS technology to some other countries where 
there are better economic situation? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, we are looking at North America very seriously and actively right now. But again, each 
country comes with its own regulation requiring some local manufacturing and certification at a 
local body level, etc. And again, Europe, as a continent, we are yet to explore a lot of new 
countries there itself. 
 
So I think being locally present is a very important part of this business because we are not doing 
small trucks or 2-wheelers or 3-wheelers, these are a large trucks or buses that we are building. 
And so being close to the customer is also important. I think we just have to -- again, if you look 
at the new market, we're talking about 2 years, 2.5 years development time, right? So it's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
August 19, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
important that we keep our heads down and focus on the market that we are in and we have to 
open and wait for the situation to get better. 
Ketan Chheda: 
All right. Thank you, Karan. Wish you all the best. Thank you so much. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vishal, an Investor. Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost 
the line of Vishal. We move on to our next question, which is from the line of Vipul Shah from 
Sumangal Investments. 
Vipul Shah: 
In how many years this retrofit vehicles will recover the investment, what is the payback time? 
Karan Shah: 
About 2 years. 
Vipul Shah: 
So request you to upload readable presentation, again, sir, on the website. 
Karan Shah: 
Right. We will do. 
Vipul Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached to the end of the question-and-answer 
session. I will now hand the conference over to Karan Shah for his closing remarks. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you very much. I hope we've been able to answer most of your queries during this con 
call, and we look forward to your participation in the next quarter. Thank you again for joining 
today. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The conference of Precision Camshafts, has now concluded. Thank you for your 
participation. You may now disconnect your lines. 
