 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
To                                                                                                                                   
BSE Limited 
 
Department of Corporate  
Services  
Listing Department  
P J Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code: 535648 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Symbol: JUSTDIAL 
Metropolitan Stock Exchange 
of India Limited 
205(A), 2nd Floor,  
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park,  
L.B.S Road, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai - 400070 
Scrip Symbol: JUSTDIAL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call on Financial Results for the quarter ended                       
June 30, 2024 
In continuation of our letters dated July 10, 2024 and July 17, 2024 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, July 17, 2024, at 6:00 p.m. for discussing operational and financial performance 
of the Company in the quarter ended June 30, 2024 and the same is available on the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.justdial.com/cms/investor-relations/earnings-call-
transcripts 
 
The earnings call concluded at 7:02 p.m. on July 17, 2024. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Just Dial Limited 
 
 
 
 
Manan Udani 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAN 
YOGENDRA 
UDANI
Digitally signed by 
MANAN YOGENDRA 
UDANI 
Date: 2024.07.22 
16:14:39 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Just Dial Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VSS MANI – MD & CEO  
 
 
 
MR. ABHISHEK BANSAL – CFO 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Just Dial Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Call. At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the 
question-and-answer session. At that time, you may click on the raise hand icon to ask a live 
question. Please note that this conference is being recorded 
We are joined by Mr. V. S. S. Mani, MD and CEO and Mr. Abhishek Bansal, CFO, from the 
management of Just Dial Limited. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bansal, 
CFO, Just Dial Limited. Thank you, and over to you. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you, moderator. Hi, everyone. Welcome to Just Dial's Earnings Call for First Quarter of 
Fiscal '25. Our operating revenue for the quarter stood at INR280.6 crores, witnessing 13.6% 
year-on-year growth and 3.8% on sequential basis. In terms of margins, we had a very healthy 
28.7% EBITDA margin for the quarter, which represented 260 basis point sequential 
improvement and about 13.9 percentage points on year-on-year basis. Absolute EBITDA at 
INR80.6 crores more than doubled year-on-year and grew 14.2% on a sequential basis. 
Our total employee head count now stands at about 13,112 employees, with a 2.2% sequential 
increase. Overall, in last few quarters, we have focused on improving employee productivity 
across both sales and non-sales functions, which has helped us reduce our employee expenses 
by 5.3% on year-on-year basis, from about INR183 crores in June quarter last year to INR173 
crores this quarter. 
Our other expenses continue to be tightly controlled with about 2.5% year-on-year decline, led 
by optimization in our communication expenses. Advertising spends stood at about INR5.8 
crores for the quarter. Overall benefits of operating leverage which inherently exists in our 
business, coupled with cost controls, has helped in sequential margin improvement now for 
last several quarters. 
Operating PBT stood at INR67 crores, growing 171.4% year-on-year since last year same 
time. Margins were relatively suppressed and were recovering. Notably, operating PBT grew 
19.6% on even sequential basis. 
Other income stood at a normalized level of INR86.9 crores for the quarter. There can be some 
fluctuations quarter-wise basis how bond yields move in that respective quarter. But broadly, 
our treasuries embedded yield to maturity is around 7.2%. 
Profit before taxes stood at INR153.9 crores, growing 45% year-on-year. Effective tax rate 
stood at 8.2%, which is lower in this fiscal due to reversal of deferred tax on part of our 
treasury, which is moving from short-term to long-term bucket in fiscal '25. So about 
INR2,900 crores is completing 3-year plus holding period in FY '25, which is resulting in this 
reversal. 
Profit after taxes stood at INR141.2 crores, growing 69.3% year-on-year. Deferred revenue 
stood at about INR500 crores, growing 11.1% year-on-year. Active Paid Campaigns at the end 
of the quarter stood at 591,600-odd, which was up about 8% year-on-year. Average 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
realizations have grown about 5.7% on a year-on-year basis. Overall, cash and investments 
stand at about INR4,755 crores as on quarter end, growing 14.3% year-on-year.  
Coming to traffic trends- Traffic trends have been quite healthy. We had about 10 million 
unique users addition during the quarter, resulting in overall 181.3 million quarterly unique 
visitors. Even for current ongoing quarter as well, our traffic growth is holding up well so far, 
though it usually tends to moderate a bit post stronger summer months. So that's an 
encouraging trend overall. 
Total listings now stand at 44.9 million, growing 18% plus year-on-year. Overall, as we look at 
the quarter, it was a very healthy quarter with topline growth coupled with good margins. Our 
productivity enhancement initiatives have been helping us massively. Traffic is now 180 
million-plus users. So as we have been highlighting for some time now, focus continues to be 
on core business delivering steady growth in both top line as well as bottom line. 
With this brief update, we shall now open the floor for questions and other discussions. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from Vivekanand Subbaraman from Ambit Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vivekanand S.: 
A couple of questions. So first of all, can you talk to us about the revenue and campaign split 
in top 11 cities versus rest of India? That's one. Secondly, I see that the collections growth 
trajectory has been moderating for the last several quarters. Abhishek, any thoughts here on 
why collections growth was only 5.4% year-on-year this quarter? 
And how to think about collections growth in subsequent years? Do you also maintain a split 
of collections across top 11 and non-top 11? If that is the case, then do give some thoughts 
there as well? Thank you. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Hi, Vivek. So on your first query around the revenue and campaign split. So Tier 1 cities, the 
top 11, contributed about 58% to our revenues and about 40% to Campaigns. This split has not 
materially changed compared to last quarter. So that's the revenue and Campaign split. 
Coming to your query around collections. So you are right that this particular quarter, a couple 
of things, one, our April, May months were a bit slower, which is what led to some impact on 
collections. It partly also had some bit of impact due to prolonged elections period that we had. 
But the good part is that June month has seen very strong recovery. So June collections were 
about INR97-INR98 crores for the month alone. So that, if you look at on a quarterly basis, 
comes to about, whatever, INR290 crores, INR295 crores odd. 
So overall, the way we look at it, is that, collection should be looked at overall 3, 4-quarter 
trend. There can be certain quarterly fluctuations. So I think with the sequential recovery that 
we have seen in recent months and how traffic trends are shaping up, which is sequentially 10 
million user addition. Ultimately, traffic tends to lead our monetization. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
So with that, I think collections should also catch up. And as we are seeing deferred anyway 
has about 11% plus growth. So I'm not that worried about just one quarter specific collection 
growth numbers, it should be looked at a more relatively longer period. 
Vivekanand S.: 
Okay. Understood. And Abhishek, extending this point a bit further, top 11 versus rest of the 
country. Even now your top 11 rather markets, other than the top 11 cities, they are growing at 
a much faster pace than top 11 markets. Is that trend visible in collections also, the divergence 
in revenue growth that you see right now between top 11 and rest of India? Is that trend similar 
in collections also or is there any sort of convergence? 
And second related point, you have been highlighting that Campaign realizations in rest of 
India should catch up to top 11 realizations. And it's now almost at around 50%, right? So will 
this number go up even further in the quarters to come? Thank you. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Vivek, what we accrue as revenue in this quarter is largely coming from what we collected 
from our customers in the past few quarters, right? So ultimately, my revenue trends are a 
reflection of what my collection trends in the past have been. So the way our particular 
Campaigns and revenue split is, it would be something similar for collections as well. Just that 
due to time lag between accrual and collecting money, there could be minor variations. 
Coming to your query on non-top 11 realizations as percentage of top 11,  the good part is, yes, 
they are now at about 48%-49% of my Tier 1 realization. 
 
And this number just one year ago was 45%. And if I go 2-3 years back, it was just 40%-42%. 
So, Tier 2-3 cities, as I have mentioned that even now, I am only at about INR1,100 odd per 
campaign per month, which is very cheap. And even in Tier 1, my realizations, I'd say 
INR2,200-INR2,300 a month. We do think that definitely Tier 2-3 can over long run catch up 
with Tier 1. And Tier 1 obviously should grow basis how traffic trends pan out in those 
geographies. 
Vivekanand S.: 
Okay, understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Hello. Hi, Abhishek. Just a question. I just have one question with a very broader thought, if 
you can answer? What would be the Board of Directors thought process when it comes to  
A. utilization of cash on the balance sheet, which is diluting the return ratios. Now, it has 
been more than 10-15 quarters minority shareholders keep asking you on this call for a 
better utilization of this huge cash pile that we have. 
B. 
apart from the cash pile that we have generated organically, the promoters did infuse 
INR2,000 crores during 2021, which also remains unutilized. So any thought process, 
what was the broader thoughts while infusing this cash capital and what has not played 
out? And  
C. 
given the annuity model, what should we think when it comes to redeployment or 
reinvestment of this INR250 crores cash flow that we are generating every year? 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
So sort of broader three aspects, which is first on the cash that we have organically generated, 
a utilization of that, the promoter infusion utilization of that and the reinvestment of the 
forward cash flows that we would be doing it. Thank you. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Priyank, your query is primarily on deployment and distribution of existing cash. So as you 
rightly mentioned, we are in a situation where we have about INR4,750 crores cash on our 
books. And the core business itself is in a healthy state to generate another, including our 
treasury gains, say 500-550 or even higher profits on a year-on-year basis. 
 
So, at this point of time, we are having internal discussions on possibly having a healthy 
dividend policy. We are already discussing internally along with the Board as well. So as soon 
as we have crystallized our capital distribution policy, we would adequately communicate. So 
our endeavor would be that at least 100% of the annual profits should be sort of distributed or 
even higher amount in a manner which is tax-efficient for all shareholders combined. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. And a second question is again to the follow-up on the previous participant on the 
pricing part. You did mention Tier 2 is yet to catch up. Any thoughts on what has been the 
pricing mixed growth within the Tier plans in the top 11 cities, top 11 towns? And what should 
be the optimal price structures that we should think on a blended basis, of course, not on Tier 1 
and Tier 2 on a separate, but on a blended basis, what should be the steady state pricing 
structure that we should think in the near term or maybe in a year or two that Just Dial would 
be operating at? Thank you. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
See, so currently my monthly revenue per campaign on a blended basis is about INR1580 per 
campaign per month. So as I stated in the past as well, this particular price point is very much 
similar to a healthy Wi-Fi connection that any particular business owner would possibly take 
to run their particular business. So from that perspective, I find that this particular amount is 
very affordable. 
 
So I don't think we would be able to define any particular specific level of pricing which would 
be steady state. The high affordability helps us to possibly be able to justify a particular SME 
coming in at various entry level price points. And in Tier 2, Tier 3, also it is just INR1,100 on 
a monthly blended basis and definitely it should keep going up to INR1,500, INR1,600 or even 
higher ultimately coming closer to Tier 1 levels. In terms of growth in Tier 2, Tier 3, pricing 
growth in Tier 2, Tier 3 obviously has been higher. So versus blended 5.7%, Tier 2, Tier 3 are 
at 10% plus year on year. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. And if you can broadly elaborate on the new initiatives which are the core focus ones, 
we have been into multiple new initiatives, be it experts or be it other B2B campaigns. Any 
specific area which we have been piloting and which we think requires now a clear sharp 
attention focus which becomes also a growth driver. And broadly if you can also elaborate on 
the integration benefits or maybe anything that we have to share on the business development 
part of the Jio site? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Sure. So firstly coming to all our new initiatives are through core business growth initiatives. 
So we are very clear that ultimately what matters is healthy growth and free cash flows for the 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
business which will come via more valued delivery to our particular SMEs, as well as users. 
So 2-3 key areas where we are focusing on right now is on the core business side, clearly is 
content enrichment, new features to sort of showcase that content. Just as an example, catalogs 
for service oriented businesses. So 2/3 of our revenue comes from service oriented categories. 
So for example, for wedding photographer, I want to be able to showcase that photographer's 
portfolio on my particular platform so that it aids the user's decision making.  
Second key focus is on SME side as well. Now on SME side, for me to be able to get that 
particular SME to pay a higher ticket size, one is quantity of leads, second is also quality of 
leads. 
 
So we are doing everything possible to be able to give them user friendly tools so that they can 
manage their campaigns better, they can use their time well in managing the leads that they get 
through our platforms.  
And apart from this, to aid our sales team in monetization, we are working on several avenues 
to generate hot leads for them. So till sometime back we had a huge sales team which used to 
do cold calling in tele-sales. Now at this point of time we have almost sort of eliminated that 
cold calling team and the same team is now working on hot leads or data of those SMEs which 
have shown some interest to engage in our particular paid subscriptions. So these particular 
measures are the ones which are enabling us to operate in a cost effective manner and grow our 
monetization as well.  
Coming to your query around integration, so we are working closely with Jio teams especially 
on telecom services. So for example, we have significant usage of messaging services to cater 
to both users as well as SMEs. So with Jio, we are already sort of having a good chunk of 
messaging services being routed via them. 
 
Then we are working for our internet connectivity related initiatives as well. So overall 
through their telecom services, that helps us a lot in much better service, dealing with one 
service provider instead of multiple and even lower costs. And apart from that, wherever 
within the group we can have opportunities of cross-selling where either cross-selling directly 
or lead generation happens for our products or their products that are being worked upon. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. Thank you for answering all the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from Vijit Jain from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain: 
Abhishek, a couple of questions. Just on your response to the previous question, and I know 
earlier in your commentary, you also mentioned that controlled communication costs were part 
of the lower Y-o-Y costs and other expenses. So is that the same thing where you're talking 
about your partnering with Jio on telecom services, there are some efficiencies in services 
you're reeling from them? Is that what it was alluding to? That is my first question. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes. So part of our communication costs have been brought down by our better pricing that we 
have been able to engage with our telecom service providers. So yes, part of the savings are 
due to group-related synergies as well. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Thanks, Abhishek. And could you give a sense of -- in the unique visitors growth 
number, which is about 6% Y-o-Y this year and plus 10 million Q-o-Q, could we get a sense 
of what the traffic growth trend is in the top 11 cities versus outside those 11 cities? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Vijit, honestly, I don't have the growth number handy that way. But broadly, about 60%, 
61% of the traffic comes in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, about 40% of the traffic comes in Tier 1 cities. 
And I presume growth rates should not be that materially different in both. 
Vijit Jain: 
Okay. And my next question is, you've obviously kept the ad spend pretty reined in for some 
time now, materially lower than where it used to be earlier. I know earlier there used to be 
spends on TV ads and those kinds of things as well. I'm just wondering, are there areas -- are 
there search words or other areas where you could probably spend on CPMs to kind of see 
good-quality traffic coming to your platform? Or do you think traffic growth will not 
necessarily come from buying ads on Google or any other such platforms? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Vijit, as far as our advertising spend or traffic strategy is concerned, what we have found is 
that digital works best for us. And apart from traffic -- buying traffic via, say, digital ads, a lot 
of work goes towards SEO as well. So in last couple of years, one content enrichment has 
helped us significantly. Second, optimization of the platform in terms of site speed, user 
experience, etcetera, has helped us greatly to grow our traffic. 
So our current healthy levels of margins give us adequate cushions to advertise both to ramp 
up our advertising on digital front and even to do brand advertising. So we have recently been 
working on certain advertisements to cater to both users and merchants. So whatever 
advertising is needed, one, to grow our 180 million user base number, second, to assist our 
sales teams for their monetization, those will be adequately done. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Abhishek, I guess my question is, I'm sure there are categories in micro markets, micro-
geographies, etcetera, where you probably can see that more of the traffic goes to -- not your 
website, but someone else, and do you compete for that kind of traffic with these performance 
marketing initiatives? Is that what you're saying? Or do you think that all the content 
enrichment activity already gives you decent enough traffic boost through SEO and stuff like 
that? Is that interpretation right? I guess my question -- the broader question is, in the kind of 
traffic that you want, do you have a measure or a sense of whether you are losing some traffic 
to websites which are perhaps paying for it? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Right. So actually, it's a very relevant question. Just to give you some flavor, see, two years 
back, the INR5 crores, INR6 crores or whatever crores that I was spending on a quarterly 
basis, the flavor of that is very different from what I have today, simply because in advertising, 
you can simply run a cost per click or cost per impression-based campaign. You will end up 
getting a lot of traffic. But how much of that traffic is adding value to your customers, no one 
knows. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
What we have done in last four to six quarters is whatever spends that we are doing, those are 
highly optimized towards our top revenue-generating categories. At the same time, we do not 
insanely go after traffic to buy it at any cost if we find that my monetization is not adequate, 
then I don't obviously splurge on acquiring that traffic. So this 181 million user number, if I 
were running similar campaigns what I was running two years ago, would have been even 185, 
190 plus as well. But consciously, our advertising spends are channelized towards more quality 
of traffic rather than quantity of traffic. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. And so in conjunction with that, one should expect -- I know last time you mentioned 
that you believe growth over time should come from -- almost equally from both campaign 
growth and realization growth. So I suppose the quality of traffic improving should mean your 
realization growth should continue to improve, even if you start to get as little bit more growth 
from the Tier 2, Tier 3 towns? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Right. So we do maintain -- internally, our endeavor is that half of the growth should come via 
volumes and half from pricing, because that particular balance is quite necessary. So ad 
campaigns are not specifically targeted that, okay, we want monetization growth to come from 
this aspect, because it's difficult to correlate one-on-one. I advertise -- I optimize my SEO 
efforts, I get more traffic. Over time, people realize that they get better value for the money 
that they invest with us. And that makes then pay more, and that also makes more advertisers 
come to the platform. So a combination of both volumes and pricing is what is ideal for 
growth. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. I guess my last way of -- I guess understanding this better for me, you feel that the 
amount of advertising you're currently doing is the right level of advertising for the ROAs you 
want to get from those advertising spends, and it probably cannot go up further without hurting 
your ROAs. Is that how I should look at it that if you could spend more, but it wouldn't give 
you the good quality traffic in any case, and so you wouldn't spend more? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
No, it will definitely. So I think what we are saying is that our particular business needs are 
sustained level of advertising. If I were to suddenly pump in a huge amount of advertising in a 
particular quarter, not that it will result in commensurate monetization growth immediately. So 
to build the brand to deliver sustained value, that is how our advertising spends are optimized. 
At the same time, for the full year, I am actually budgeting a bit of higher advertising spend 
itself. So very long term, 5% to 6% of the top line is what we would be comfortable. At 
present, we are at about, whatever, 2%, 2.5% or so. So as I said, like right now it's working 
well for us. We will recalibrate as and when there is a need. And our margins currently give us 
that adequate cushion. 
Vijit Jain: 
Yes. This is why I asked, Abhishek, I guess because you already at your target of 28% to 30% 
EBITDA margins, which I believe you've been talking about for a few quarters -- from about a 
couple of quarters back, I guess. So yes, thank you so much, Abhishek, and congratulations on 
a good set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So sir, a lot of my questions have already been answered. So I just would like to be able to ask 
that current margins that we are doing right now, I think those are majorly sustainable, right? 
Like we don't see any one-offs in terms of productivity or something, right? Or is it a seasonal 
effect? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Darshil, there are no one-offs, etcetera, so margins should be sustainable. And inherently, 
our business anyway has high operating leverage, so our gross margins tend to be around 55% 
or so. So for every INR100 revenue, the direct sales related costs that I pay are around 45. So 
that way, I think margins can be sustainable subject to reasonable top line growth coming in. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough sir. And for the top line growth for this year we are targeting how much sir? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So there is no specific explicit guidance so to say we give, but at the same time what we have 
been communicating that internally we target a sort of mid-teens plus kind of top line growth 
coupled with 25% plus EBITDA margins. And there could be quarters that particular metric 
might be overshadowing the other, but broadly ballpark that is the strategy that we are working 
at. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough sir. Yes that's it from my side. All the best sir. Thank you.  
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from Aditya Sen from Robocapital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi thank you for the opportunity. Hope I'm audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Aditya Sen: 
So I was asking we shared some EBITDA growth number in the last con call it was around 
30%. So is it supposed to come from the improvement in the realization in the Tier 2 cities 
because there's a gap of approximately INR400. So will that gap plus the operating leverage 
that we will have will help us get that EBITDA growth? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Aditya I'm not clear which 30% are you specifically referring to? 
Aditya Sen: 
I'm referring to 30% EBITDA growth that we saw in the last con call if I'm not wrong. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So in last con-call as I recall we mentioned that EBITDA margin on a percentage basis should 
be 25% plus. And last quarter we were at 26%. Last full year was 20.8% or so. In terms of 
absolute margin, I mean, our EBITDA at INR80.6 crores has anyway more than doubled year-
on-year. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, so going forward what would be the components of increase in EBITDA? Will it be the 
improvement in realization in the Tier 2 cities or is it something else also? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So by and large I think EBITDA growth going forward should be sort of top line driven. At the 
same time expenses should continue to stay controlled. This particular quarter we had some 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
increase in employee count as well. So while we are working on maximizing employee 
productivity especially in sales if there is a 3%, 4% increase in sales headcount that we need to 
do we would do at an appropriate time. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, all right. Yes got my answers. Thank you. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi Abhishek I have two questions. First one is with respect to your B2B, B2C campaigns bit. 
If you can give some understanding on how that has changed or has remained like it was in the 
previous quarters both in terms of revenue as well as paid campaigns terms? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Swapnil I have the revenue contribution handy. So B2B contributed around 25.5% of our 
revenues and this particular B2B contribution has been sort of similar for now last four 
quarters, five quarters simply because the B2C side also has been seeing healthy growth. So as 
of now B2B, B2C both are going hand-to-hand with each other. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And in terms of paid campaigns that will be 22% which was I think in the previous quarter as 
well? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes should be around that because my realizations on B2B side are 10%, 15% higher. So 
campaign wise contribution should be around 21%, 22%.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. And the second question is more of a clarification. Earlier you mentioned that you 
intend to return back the entire profit that you make in a year to the shareholders. Were you 
talking about the net profit, you are talking about the EBITDA I mean because if I were to just 
look at your annualized number this year you would do around INR550 crores of net profit. I 
am just analyzing 1Q FY25 and on a per share basis that comes in around INR63, INR65 
which is like 6% yield on the current market price. So just wanted to get a clarification on that? 
Moderator: 
I am sorry, Mr. Potdukhe we are unable to hear you. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I was asking with respect to the point that Abhishek made in the beginning wherein he 
mentioned that they intend to return back the profit that they make during the year to the 
shareholders. And if I were to just analyze those numbers the current profit that they made in 
terms of PAT INR140 crores that is like INR550 crores plus on a per share basis that becomes 
a 6% yield at current market price. So I am just trying to triangulate those numbers and see if 
the understanding is correct and Abhishek intended to mention those numbers? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Swapnil I think the broader message that I was trying to communicate is that our intent is 
not to accumulate this particular cash that we have on a sort of perpetual basis. I was sharing 
that what are the possible avenues of distribution, our thought process internally of capital 
distribution against which one of the avenues is possibly putting a healthy dividend or any 
other policy in place so that at least 100% of incremental profits or incremental cash accretion 
at least gets shared out.  

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Now what would be the exact tools that the board will think are appropriate etc, we will be 
able to communicate as and when we have more clarity. As you would know that in the past 
also we have done several buybacks also to return money back to shareholders. So we will see 
what is the best avenue and accordingly take a decision. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it Abhishek, very clear. Thanks a lot. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from Hemal S, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Hemal S: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to reconfirm a couple of things. So last year you had 
mentioned that your long-term vision is to grow the revenue between 15% to 20% in one of the 
earnings call. Is that vision still intact with purely our current business model because we 
rarely speak about our initiatives or investments we have done in the past as to how they're 
going to contribute whether it's geo-integration or last time we were talking about some 
advertisements that you were trying to do with the SMEs or even earlier where you were trying 
to do data analytics usage of that with the SMEs to support them.  
But we never know what are the plans and where are they going and how are they going to 
contribute to the bottom line or these 15% to 20% aspirational long-term growth vision is 
purely from an ad and only ad campaigns. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Hemal as you rightly pointed out all our communication around say 15% plus top line 
growth etc they are primarily keeping growth of the core local search business itself in mind. 
Now whatever tools that we roll out for either users or SMEs ultimately they contribute to our 
particular traffic in terms of quality and quantity both which in turn basically aids our core 
local search business.  
Now on the new initiatives where we have done expenditure in last couple of years those are 
primarily transaction led platforms. While those platforms are ready, but at this point of time 
as we have communicated we do not think that it is prudent for us to simply advertise because 
we don't see adequate positive unit economics there at this point of time.  
So the idea is to grow core business on a steady state at this point of time and at an appropriate 
point of time when we think that certain categories should definitely go in a sort of 
transactional mode we would optimize those categories accordingly at that point of time.  
Hemal S: 
So in the last couple of calls you had mentioned on the Jio, SME advertising support the 
analytics that you are supporting. Are they -- those initiatives work -- any projects in that 
direction happening? I mean if you can share some of them, if there are any valuable insights 
that you are figuring out or if they are valuable to Just Dial as a business model? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Right. So as I mentioned, our last quarter, we discussed about the possibility of Jio, IPL ads. 
So, one discussion that we internally had was that, since Just Dial has ready connect with a lot 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
of SMEs and while SMEs so far do not advertise on big portals or big properties such as 
cricket or IPL with mobile data connectivity, it is now possible to do local advertising there. 
 
So if users are consuming cricket on their mobile devices, we can actually run our campaign or 
possibly say Viacom can possibly run a campaign where a particular ad can be shown to a 
subset of users in a particular geography. So there, we have been discussing that how can 
possibly we work together in terms of getting those SMEs on board. 
 
And for the recently concluded IPL, we could not sort of take it up because we started 
planning it a bit later. But for next season or any other such properties, we could possibly 
explore what all synergies can be in place. Just to clarify there also unit economics matters for 
us. For example, my feet on street or my salesperson, I have to see what is the ultimate revenue 
and profit contribution that I get on a per-day basis from them. We would not do anything that 
would jeopardize that particular output via any initiative be it ones that we take on our own or 
with the group. 
Hemal S: 
Okay. And then on the revenue because you say Q1 is always your strongest, so going forward 
in Q2, Q3 being the weakest, do we still expect a similar level of mid-teen, meaning 15% plus, 
kind of revenue growth for the full year? Should that be our expectation? And since you 
mentioned earlier to somebody else that this EBITDA margin is maintainable for the 
remaining of the year or do we expect more much better and go towards aspirational 30%, 
31% EBITDA margin by the end of the year? What should we expect as we go throughout the 
year? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Okay. So just to clarify, when I mentioned that Q1 is seasonally strong that I mentioned 
primarily from a traffic perspective. Because in summer months there tend to be several 
categories, for example, AC repairs and related categories, which tend to see strong traffic 
growth, which is what explains our sequential traffic jump. There tends to be some seasonality 
in our collections wherein fourth quarter tends to be the strongest. And that also primarily is 
driven by historically we have had fourth quarter as strong. So a good bunch of renewals come 
up in that particular quarter. 
 
Revenue-wise there tends to be no seasonality because whatever money that we collect gets 
recognized as revenue over the period of the contract. And aspiration-wise definitely, we 
would want to keep growing our top line better than where we are and even having better 
margins. But at appropriate time, we'll see whether it is -- it makes sense to deploy incremental 
margins back into advertising or maybe expanding or any specific things that we'll see. 
Hemal S: 
So at this point would it be fair to say then that EBITDA margins can be slightly volatile 
quarter-to-quarter going forward? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
But volatility will not be so severe that a particular quarter should see some 300 and 400 basis 
point fluctuation. Volatility could be probably if I say, advertise for few crores higher then 
there could be 1 or 2 percentage points fluctuation in EBITDA level. But at the same time 
since my gross margin itself is quite healthy, I can afford to do higher advertising with even no 
impact on margins. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Hemal S: 
Correct. All right. And the tax absolutely the final -- thank you for answering the question. The 
tax rate which we had this quarter because I don't know the rollout for INR2,900 crores how 
it's coming, do we expect this tax rate to be very similar for the remaining one, two or all the 
three quarters? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So yes, the way we provision for taxes is that we estimate our particular taxes for the full year 
bases our assumptions and that is what gets applied on a quarterly basis. So second quarter or 
subsequent quarters tax rate could still change depending on our estimates for full year. But 
yes, you are right that currently 8.2% is what our estimate for full year as well is.  
Hemal S: 
Thank you for answering my question. Appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now invite Mr. Nirmam Mehta from Unique PMS to go ahead with this question. 
Give me a moment, please. 
Nirmam Mehta: 
So Abhishek, could you share some data on the renewals? So how many customers say, would 
be with Just Dial for more than say, one year, two years? Do you have some sense on that? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So, Nirman, on the retention rates currently for every 100 customers that are signing in 
approximately 60% of them are going into year two. And this particular number till about 1.5 
years ago also was at 55% levels. So our strategy of signing up more customers on monthly 
payment plans has helped us reduce this particular attrition by 400, 500 basis points. 
 
And as I have highlighted in the past as well in case of Just Dial since we are dealing with 
SMEs there tends to be this particular thought process by an SME that okay, let me pause this 
campaign right now and see if there is any negative effect on my business. They might come 
back into the paid ecosystem one quarters, two quarters. One year down the line they might 
want to take premium listings versus non-premium. So in our case it's not that our customer -- 
if they have not renewed they have not renewed for life. Having said that as I mentioned, there 
is an improvement in retention rates due to shift towards monthly plans. 
Nirmam Mehta: 
And any other initiatives apart from the monthly plans that you're doing to increase these 
retentions? So like you said you're providing other services also. But any more insights here? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So one thing that we find is helping is that in last about four to six quarters the campaign 
management tools that we have given to SMEs that I think are helping us. They are able to 
much better appreciate the complete performance of their campaign. They are able to manage 
their leads much better. So earlier, what used to happened was if a merchant is getting five 
leads in a day then they would possibly just keep calling one after them. But now we also share 
them what are the various sources from which leads are coming in. 
 
So they are able to identify that, okay, these sources are having a bit higher quality. So a 
merchant short on time might want to just call up lesser number of leads but that of high 
quality. So those particular that the internal dashboard that we provide them I think also helps 
in better retention. 
Nirmam Mehta: 
Thank you for answering. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Yes. Abhishek, yes, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Again, going back to the 
margins that we have shown this quarter. If I analyze your employee expenses it seems that 
you haven't even built in any year-on-year increments. So isn't that due, what is the thought on 
that? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Okay. So Abhisek, on employee cost two things. One, our increments currently are fairly 
spread out the year. So certain departments are on a January to December cycle certain are on 
April to March. So that way, one particular quarter doesn't significantly impact onetime sort of 
increase. 
 
Secondly, there were certain increments, obviously that were rolled out for from this particular 
April month. However, we had certain few INR2 crores, INR3 crores of excess employee costs 
which are provisioned in previous quarter. So those sort of got offset against those particular 
increments that happened. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. In terms of your -- this thing, in terms of your revenue growth, we are talking about 
15% odd kind of a growth. So do you really think that I mean, the B2C segment will continue 
to grow at that pace given you already have a pretty high base that we have to now contend 
with? Or do you think that B2B will kind of step in and drive the growth higher by 100 bps or 
200 bps? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Abhisek, that is possible that B2B, where there is a bigger leverage of pricing increase that 
is possible, might actually aid the monetization better going forward. But having said that, for 
our particular sales teams, their particular target is ultimately to grow the overall revenue. And 
as we have discussed in the past, while the base is quite high, opportunity why is it just only 
possibly, say, 1.5% of the population is currently paying us, or even lesser. So I think both 
B2C, B2B have growth potential, but B2B definitely has more levers than the B2C side. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
So, see, this same thing with regards to monetization potential, does not really pan out as easily 
as we thing, right? So is there a scenario where you will consider probably creating another 
category which is probably below your existing categories where you can bring in some new 
customers? Or is the current pricing minimal where you will continue to operate at? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So see, one reason, obviously, has been that our particular monetization has been sales force 
assisted. Indian SMEs do require that hyper-service handholding, and a particular feet on 
street, obviously, can do a certain number of presentations or meetings in a particular day. And 
to your question on whether any incremental products are possible, definitely. 
 
You can have a listing which primarily just gives a sort of verified status, but does not come 
with any specific leads, etc. In certain categories where you know the number of merchants are 
very high in the country, but we don't monetize that much, there even a lower ticket size plan 
versus my current entry-level plan would be useful. So it will be a sort of approach to monetize 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
both B2C, B2B. And within those also, possibly monetizing with lower ticket size where there 
is merit in it. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Now again, going back to the question with regards to the investments that you made in things 
like Jd Xperts or the new platforms, right? So see, digital investments, from what I understand, 
would require constant updation, right? Now given you are not really monetizing those, so 
would it make sense for you to now mark them as losses? How do you kind of take the hit on 
that? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
See, any particular business has to keep its future ready at any point of time. While some 
particular initiative might not be, say, it might not make sense to monetize it right away, but to 
not even think of undertaking that initiative would not be prudent. So the expenses, which is a 
very small amount at this point of time, which goes in up-keeping and keeping those particular 
platforms up to date, those investments we are anyway making. 
 
And at some point of time in future, we might want to have certain categories shift to that 
particular model. And we -- net, we are trying to ensure that those platforms are ready, and we 
switch to them at adequate time without cannibalizing my existing revenue and profits from 
those same categories. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Do you have your tech teams intact or have you let go of them? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes, tech teams are very much intact. See, the key effort while building a software essentially 
goes in the initial phase while you are building it from scratch. Once you have that particular 
platform ready, you can keep it operational and up- to-date with relatively lesser spends. The 
next leg of spends possibly will come in, in next phase when you decide that, okay, we need to 
add these particular features, etc. Which we have stated we will undertake at a time when we 
have visibility that we want to actually start using these particular platforms for even 
monetization. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
That was very helpful. And just one last comment. I think the idea of giving back to the 
shareholders is going to be very well appreciated. But let's try to implement or clarify on that 
as soon as possible. There is obviously, given that has the potential to unlock a lot of value for 
a lot of investors. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Right. Point is very well noted. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Thanks, Abhishek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our last question from Shyam Garg from Ladderup Finance Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Garg: 
My question is with respect to customer retention ratio. As you have mentioned in the call, that 
few customers take a pause for 2 quarters, 3 quarters or years, then come back. So can you 
share the number of customers who come in years 1 and wait in it till years 3, so we have a 
better picture of it? 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So Shyam right now, as I mentioned that the way we evaluate is that, if 100 customers signed 
up in current months, then how many go into years 2 in, say, 13th month, that stands at around 
60% or so. Within that particular segment, how many go into years 3 etc. That we'll have to 
possibly evaluate. 
Shyam Garg: 
What is the number for customer retention ratio top 11 cities, then non 11 cities? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So, I will have to again check back on that. But I think top 11 should be slightly lower versus 
non-top 11 simply because, non-top 11, the ticket size is much lower, half of top 11. So it is 
natural to expect that Tier 2, Tier 3 should have bit better compared to the overall blended 
retention number. 
Shyam Garg: 
And also can you please put a little cut on tax rate? I'm not able to understand why we have 
2% of tax rate estimated to be 2%? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So I will explain this. So, our particular regular operating profits from the core business, they 
get taxed at almost full tax rate of 25.2%. There are certain small deductions that are available. 
Effectively, that tax rate tends to be 24.5% to 25% or so. Now the second stream of income 
that we have is the treasury mark-to-market gains that we record every quarter. 
 
Now within treasury, the way it works is that, if I'm holding a treasury for less than 3 years, 
that treasury falls in short-term capital gains bucket, and those mark-to-market gains have to be 
provisioned for taxes at full corporate tax rate of 25.2%. The moment that treasury crosses 3 
years holding period, then long-term capital gains tax comes into picture. 
 
And the long-term capital gains tax was 20% with indexation benefit. So in September 2021, 
we had deployed about INR2,200 crores as part of primary infusion. That particular part of 
treasury, along with certain other past investments as well, about INR2,800 crores, INR2,900 
crores will cross from short-term bucket to long-term bucket in September. 
 
Now when that event happens, if I have provisioned taxes at a higher rate in the past, then 
there is a reversal that happens to align with the long-term capital gains tax, because now that 
treasury, whenever it will be sold, the long-term capital gains tax will be applicable, not the 
short term. 
 
Having said that, since 31st March 2023, tax particular provisions for debt mutual funds have 
changed. Now whatever incremental money that I'm deploying, those will get taxed at full 
corporate tax rate. So this particular years, fiscal 2025, is a bit of aberration where the blended 
tax rate is likely to be lower. 
 
Next year onwards, it will again be a combination of older treasury getting taxed at long-term 
rates, regular operating profits at full tax rate, and so on. But our estimate is that effective tax 
rate in long term should be 18% to 20%, though it depends on the mix, which we will have to 
see at that point of time. Hope that clarifies. 
Shyam Garg: 
Yes, that clarifies. Thank you so much for answering my question. 

 
 
Just Dial Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bansal for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us. In case you have any further queries, please do reach out. 
We will do our best to address. That's it from our side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Just Dial Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
