® 
| Vardhman 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
Delivering Excellence. Since 1965. 
CHANDIGARH ROAD 
LUDHIANA- 141010, PUNJAB 
T: +91-161-2228943-48 
F: +91-161-2601 048 
E: secretarial.lud@vardhman.com 
Ref. VTL:SCY:AUG:2024-25 
Dated: 05-August-2024 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
New Trading Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI-400001. 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: 502986 
Scrip Code: VTL 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL OF VARDHMAN 
TEXTILES LIMITED - Q1 FY"25 
Sir, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule Il of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on 
15t August, 2024 to discuss Q1 FY’25 results. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
(SANJAY GUPTA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
YARNS 
| 
FABRICS 
| 
GARMENTS 
| 
THREADS 
| 
FIBRES 
| 
STEELS 
PAN NO.: AABCM4692E 
 CIN: LI7111PBI973PLC003345 
WWW.VARDHMAN.COM
Sanjay 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Sanjay Gupta 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=141010, 
l=Ludhiana, st=Punjab, street=House no . 
1883 Sector 32-a Chandigarh Road, 
ludhiana, Punjab India- 141010-, 
title=3668, 
2.5.4.20=124bad9891b98bc1c230ebad1a3f
92123370292ebb19fd0cd2aded21fd129d9
5, 
serialNumber=f90871601590b53e4e52bd5
cbc80df08eb5fd927c6f81aa06bcbf1aed41
af6ab, email=sanjaygupta@vardhman.com, 
cn=Sanjay Gupta 
Date: 2024.08.05 17:08:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Vardhman Textiles 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2024 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEERAJ JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MS. SAGRIKA JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL JHAMB – DIRECTOR FOR RAW 
MATERIALS – VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MR. RAJEEV THAPAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MR. MUKESH BANSAL – HEAD OF FABRIC MARKETING 
– VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MR. VARUN MALHOTRA -- HEAD OF FINANCE -- 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROSHAN NAIR – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vardhman Textiles Limited Q1 FY '25 
Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Roshan Nair from Batlivala & Karani Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Roshan Nair: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Vardhman Textiles Limited. On behalf of B&K Securities, I welcome all the participants and 
the management of Vardhman Textiles Limited to the call. We have with us Mr. Neeraj Jain, 
Joint Managing Director; Ms. Sagrika Jain, Executive Director; Mr. Sushil Jhamb, Director or 
Materials; Mr. Rajeev Thapar, CFO; Mr. Mukesh Bansal, Head, Fabric Marketing; and Mr. 
Varun Malhotra, Head of Finance. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the floor to Mr. Neeraj Jain for his opening 
remarks, post which we can have a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Thank you, Roshan. Good afternoon, everyone, ladies and gentlemen. So welcome to all of you 
for this early call of Vardhman Textiles. The numbers you would have seen yesterday, there has 
been some improvement in the business of the company, especially for the companies where 
being raw material was covered during the season at the right prices. The deal of future when 
we started the quarter was at a reasonable level of -- and the yarn prices were also formed 
accordingly. 
 
But I think over the period of last two months or so, slowly the view of future has been coming 
down and the prices of yarn also kept coming down. So as a result of that, though we think we 
have always sold sometimes for the future business for 2, 3 months, I think the realization in this 
period has been relatively better, which is a little down as of now on the current basis. 
 
On the raw material side, since that was that the full season was where the New York Future 
was at about $0.80, $0.82 and the available of imported cotton across the world was in the range 
of $0.90, $0.92 or so. And whereas the reason in India, the cotton was available at INR54,000 
INR55,000, which in terms of US cents was relatively okay and in the range of about $0.82, 
$0.83 or $0.084. The company covered most of the raw material at those prices. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
And as a result of that, I think and immediately after the cotton season was over, the pricing 
went up to almost INR58,000, INR59,000 a candy from INR55,000. So that was the traditional 
advantage which the company was getting or still is getting. 
 
In the meantime, the New York Future target coming down because of a better crop estimation 
in USA and the better value condition in Texas and as the entire world looked at the New York 
Futures, the yarn prices are also starting coming down, which is definitely giving a content as of 
now to the Indian spinners because the pricing in India definitely higher compared to the market 
as of now. 
 
The second important issue for the industry is the minimum support price. The Government of 
India announced the support price -- minimum support price of cotton also for the next year, 
where they enhanced it by almost 7%. And the price for the Kapas was fixed at INR7,521 per -
- and if we look at per quintal. 
And if you look at converted in terms of candy, it will be close to about INR60,000 or so on the 
minimum support price. And I think that's definitely giving us a concern at INR59,000 a candy 
-- I think we will be very close to about ---(inaudible) in the range of $0.70-$0.71 how the Indian 
industry will play in the next three to six months' time. So that's definitely a concern as of now. 
 
In terms of the overall business, we can say, I think the company has done decent, both in terms 
of the cost efficiency, in terms of the product, in terms of the internal cost saving initiatives. 
We've been looking at all those ideas and working very hard on that. Two, we've been discussing 
last three years the issue of China Plus One, and our belief is and have been repeating it in every 
call, our belief is there seems to be a reality today where more and more brands are looking at 
India as one of the important vendor-based country for their product. And we are looking more 
and more business coming to India from those vendors. 
 
The only choice will be one, whether we can deliver them in two to three, four weeks' time is 
the one to the number of fibers are going to be much more than better as well as cotton. So how 
do we prepare ourselves for the flexibility, both in terms of the product as well as the number of 
days, the delivery time? 
And in case we are in a position to do that, I think that business is improving, increasing 
dramatically in India. And definitely, Vardhman, being one of the large player and having all 
kinds of technologies, all kind of products, we have that option available to us where the 
customer wants to deal with the better companies -- better organized companies and we 
definitely fall into that. The only choice will be whether we can continue to deliver them all 
these things. And for that, what more is required to be done internally so that we can continue 
to grab that business, which is a profitable business and it is sufficient in terms of volume as 
well. So those are the opportunities as well as some issues and concerns on the economies side. 
 
In terms of customer, product efficiency costs, I think company is being really good. But 
definitely, the raw material prices are higher. That's going to give some concern to us for the 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
overall India textile industry for which we are requesting government also to look at, and we 
might have to look at how the next season goes in. 
In the meantime, it looks like since the international price of cotton has lowered, it may -- and 
though the India direct import is not there, but we can import under advanced --- (inaudible) 
where the duty incidents will be relatively lesser. 
 
It looks like India is ready to impose lots of cotton this year and already that import started 
contracting and it may be possible that India may import a larger volume to ensure the 
availability of raw material at right prices which is -- and to that extent, the pressure on Indian 
cotton will be lower in terms of the buying or the cost, but we do not know ultimately what 
happened to whatever stocks are left there, either with the farmers or with the CCI or with the 
mill owner so how will it look like at the end of next cotton season. That's something we have 
to really watch and look at how do the entire market scenario behave in this manner. 
 
So that's on the spinning side. And also in terms of the -- or the monetization and the expansion 
projects, which were announced last time, I think the work has started happening on most of the 
projects. We are on-track and we are expecting it to be completed by this deal, which are decided 
internally. Most of these projects should be completed in this financial year as well as next 
financial year. Of course, majority in this financial year itself. 
 
We are all on track, all orders, majority of the orders have been placed lot of constructions has 
started and things are working well. And sure once these projects are completed, it will reduce. 
It will give us lots of advantages, both in terms of cost as well as improvement in flexibility and 
some production increase as well, which will further develop the optimization to our overall 
operations of the company. 
 
So that's on the selling side, relative to the many things we can discuss during the QA. And 
before that, I request Sagrika to give some idea -- to start with, Mukesh if you could give some 
idea on the fabric marketing and then if there are QAs then Sagrika could take that. So over to 
you, Mukesh. 
Mukesh Bansal 
Yes. Thank you, Neeraj-jee and good evening, everyone. As far as fabric is concerned, generally 
the period of quarter one is a all-holiday season period, wherein the demand for cotton textile is 
anyway lower than yearly averages I would say. So that is why the Q1 is generally lower for the 
Indian textile companies. 
But this year, it was an exception due to a couple of reasons. One, of course, is the China Plus 
One which Neeraj-jee has also elaborated. Second is due to the Red Sea condition, the transit 
times are longer, so all the buyers wanted to pull forward their already placed orders or they also 
preponed some of the orders so that they can make up for some of the lead time that in transit 
will be higher. So there was a flow of higher orders during this period as compared to last year, 
same time. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Third is that in the past, we have invested into some capacity building and capability building in 
terms of handling more number of fibers and also doing some cotton products, which are specific 
to the fall holiday season. 
And fourth reason was that, as we mentioned in the last call also, the inventories with the 
international retailers, especially in the US, they are continuously coming down to a reasonable 
level, which were higher three quarters, four quarters ago. And the retail sale is also better. So 
there is more demand coming back to us, which has led to a good quarter last quarter, and same 
is continuing in this quarter as well. 
 
As far as the other markets are concerned, Europe, not as good as the U.S., but still some 
recovery has started happening. Some brands which could not bear the pressure of high inflation 
and lower sales, their business share has gone to some brands who could be better. So 
somebody's loss is somebody's win. So likely, we are well positioned with the and our 
businesses, more or less stable. I will not say it will be robust but it is stable and so in the other 
markets. 
 
The third biggest market for us is the Indian market. Indian market in Q1, it was not very robust 
but not very low also. The retail sale was not as good because of very severe decrease. And these 
sales channels were also disrupted because of the election and other kind of activity. But we are 
hopeful that Indian market also will have a good demand in Q3 and Q4 because of these activities 
and also the various sales, which is the main reason for the consumers to buy. So demand is 
coming back in Q2 from the Indian market as well. That's it from my side. Rajeev, you can take 
it from there. 
Rajeev Thapar 
So we can start with the QA portion, and I think all the business queries from resolved or can be 
answered there only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Aryan Oswal from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Yes. Okay. Sir, my question was on the -- like say the last call, you mentioned that about 
expansion and utilization rate of 72% to 75%. Have you seen any changes in this metric in Q2? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So the overall country's utilization is still in the same range of about 75% only and I think slowly 
that utilization has come down only. So there is no change in the utilization of spinning industry 
as such till now? 
Aryan Oswal: 
Okay, sir. And sir, last quarter, you guided for INR2,000 crores of capex. But since then you 
increased to INR2.5 crores. So I just wanted to understand what is the additional INR500 crores 
going to be used for? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So out of this INR500 crore, about INR100 crores is the expansion, which we're doing in the 
open end. I think we are increasing that capacity, and another INR400 crores for the biomass 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
boilers, along with the power systems where we want to look at the green part. So the existing 
coal base or husk base boiler for a be gained along with some addition for power condition. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Okay, sir. And sir, last question from my side. How has the progress been in increasing our green 
power consumption to 25% to 30%? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So as I mentioned, I think we are within the target was taken because we have allocated almost 
to INR40 crores for this to be done in the next two years. We are progressing well and I'm almost 
confident that within next 1.5 years, we would have a provision to achieve the same. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Congratulations on the marked improvement scenario and good performance. Sir, I wanted to 
understand now that Indian cotton is expanding to international cotton as you mentioned in your 
opening remarks, how is the industry going to have a better margin going forward? Or how is 
the margin -- how are you thinking about margins right now in the spinning business? 
Neeraj Jain:  
Yes. So definitely, there is a concern today because if you go by the today's cotton prices and 
the margins, which is based upon the international cotton prices, that's definitely a concern. So 
going forward, a couple of things can happen, a couple of scenarios may develop. The conditions 
like this. So to that extent, that will be the Indian industry will pass through relatively more 
disadvantage. 
 
Two, the Indian industry will also start importing cotton in big ways. And maybe because in the 
advantaged lines, the overall impact of bits only about the duty impact is about 3.5%. So maybe 
to that extent, we will import more and more cotton compared to using the domestic cotton.  
 
Third, the India, the textile appreciation has been talking to the government to look at some 
policy where to decide the -- even if they prepare large quantities of cotton, will be their sale 
policy. So the industry doesn't cover but the government is yet to respond on to that because it 
has been – and the fourth in the near future goes by, it goes up by $0.07, $0.08 in the next couple 
of months, then probably that disadvantage will be relatively much less or the Indian cotton may 
also be aligned to the word market. 
 
So if you go by the overall cost of the farmers internationally, I think this is a very exceptionally 
low cost. They're not making any money so that could be a possibility. We are hoping that New 
York Future exports may go back to $0.75, $0.77. And to that extent then, that disadvantage 
today may be reduced or may not be there at all. But these are all various scenarios putting our 
let's see what happens. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
So then achieving normal margins of 18% to 22% as your ranges looks distant even today? 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Neeraj Jain: 
It is, Again, Prerna, there are two factors there: one is a normal margin; second, the utilization 
of the industry. Since the time industry is utilizing 75% capacity only the moment margin starts 
improving, the rest of the will also start coming in. So unless we look at the utilization of 
industry, which is north of 90%, the overall margins may not improve on a consistent basis. 
Whenever we look at the margins are improving, a lot of those players who are stuck today, 
they'll also start coming back to the system. I think we'll have to wait for some more time. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And what are you saying for fabric? Have the margins for fabric also started 
improving largely because the -- yarn is continuously under pressure? Maybe margins are not 
normalized. So is fabric able to get a little higher margin because of transfer pricing? I mean, as 
an industry on a basis? Or there also, we take issues on margin front? 
Sagrika Jain: 
There has been a slight improvement in margins but that would not be as Mr. Mukesh Bansal 
had also said. That is because of our diversified customer base and also diversified cotton market. 
So you can also say for margins to improve on a consistent basis, the industry dynamics should 
improve. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. So which means capacity expansion in fabric business may also not happen in near term? 
You're almost running full utilization in fabric business? 
Sagrika Jain: 
Yes, we are at a maximum capacity utilization but we are progressing well towards our 
expansion plans, and we are underway as we had discussed last time as well. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. I'm just saying in fabric, you haven't announced anything on normal -- the existing fabric 
business capex? 
Sagrika Jain: 
So in the normal fabric business, we are planning to expand our solid dye by around 8%, 9% 
and yarn by around 15% to 20%. This was also considered the solid dye was part of demand part 
of product mix changes. And we saw certain segments where we wanted to enter. That would 
be our capacity expansion of normal fabric business. 
Neeraj Jain: 
So this was the part of the announcement, which was made last quarter where the INR2,000 
crores included the debottlenecking and some marginal improvement also in terms of 
production. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. So this will increase our capacity from 170 millimeters to 180 millimeters to how much 
now then? 
Neeraj Jain:  
About 200 millimeters. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood, sir. Understood. Thank you, sir. I will come back to the question queue. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Awanish Chandra from SMIFS Limited. Please 
go ahead.  
Awanish Chandra: 
Sir, congratulations management team on reaching 15% margin after a long, long time. And sir, 
my question from this only, in your earlier remarks, you talked about that China Plus One has 
become reality. Though you have soon concern over margin continuing, but it's still 15% margin 
look like a good margin to think about adding spend there.  
You have already announced INR2,500 crores capex but very few capacity in reality we are 
adding on the spinning side. So any thought, any change in the difference in thought towards the 
spinning capacity beyond this 56,000 that's in there? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No. As of now, I think most of the capex which is happening other than this open-end project is 
on the monetization where we feel that all the debottlenecking as well as the monetization of our 
plant and machinery will help us to reduce costs as well as enhance our flexibility to give this 
differentiated product. So as of now, there's no plan to expand the capacity because this itself is 
a huge expenditure for us going by our conservatism. And I think we'd like to do this and maybe 
we can wait for a year or so before we start taking up any bigger project after that. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Okay. So for the number point of view, with this capacity expansion, our fabric will become 200 
and yarn capacity will -- spindle capacity will enhance by 56,000 and this will be completed by 
FY'26 or mid of '26? 
Neeraj Jain: 
On the stock exchange, we have mentioned two years, which is the current financial year and 
the next financial year. But I hope most of these things will be applicable or implemented 
maximum by September next year, which will be about 1.5 years, one this full year, six months 
for the next financial year. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Is there any issues we have faced due to this recent Bangladesh issue? Any demand slowdown 
in that region or do we have very less exposure there? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Bangladesh is the biggest customer for the yarn export as of now. So out of India, almost 25%, 
30% goes to Bangladesh only. And any disruption over there will have the issues here also. But 
since it's a small kind of a thing, so I mean it's not really very big. And as of now, there is no 
impact on the demand. But unless it is resolved or it continues for a long period, then there could 
be a concern. But as of now, there doesn't seem to be an issue. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, one more thing on this PLI scheme or FDA, any developments you have heard? 
I mean, we keep reading in the media all these positive news. But in reality, anything you think 
that PLI, something will come and it will help cotton textile industry? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Government is announcing it. I mean, they are talking to it on various forums. So last couple of 
meetings we have attended with them, they've been only saying that the next PLI is likely to 
come very soon, which will include the PLI for the garmenting also. So we'll have to wait and 
much only when they announce it. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Awanish Chandra: 
And sir, one very quick thing, that 15% margin, it is very far from 18% to 20%, but considering 
we are doing so many value addition and projects. And also can you think that at least this margin 
will be sustained, if not this goes towards 18% any time soon, at least we can maintain this level? 
Neeraj Jain: 
All efforts are, but I think, again, we'll have to look at the raw material prices also because if the 
raw material prices in India are higher compared to the world markets, I think then it's going to 
be difficult at least on the spinning side. At the same time, fabric definitely can sustain these 
kind of margins. So it's going to be very challenging and frankly going by cotton prices in India, 
it may be difficult to sustain that for sure. 
 
But let's look at in case government also supports by taking some steps, then there is a possibility 
to sustain it. And by the time we complete all our modernization and expansion, definitely with 
the cost reduction and increase in production, we'll definitely look at how to improve upon this. 
But the question I think I'm afraid of answering that we -- if we can maintain it at these levels in 
the given current situation. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much for answering my questions. All the best, sir. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead.  
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, sir. So two, three questions. Sir, the first one is I think you have 
mentioned about China Plus One strategy showing some positive traction in your business. I 
presume this is for fabric business? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Both spinning and fabric they're finding -- overall textiles we are finding people are interested 
to look at China Plus One. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. And what kind of inquiries -- if you can just share more thoughts around it, what kind of 
inquiries, what kind of size because I presume this will be all large-sized customers? So what 
are their expectations? And you have explained some of those aspects, but how can Vardhman 
as a company can leverage out of it? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So their expectations are very clear. The prices have to be competitive compared to the Chinese 
and the delivery has to be within three to four weeks for the spinning and maybe about six weeks 
from the fabric. So both these things are -- the quality is given, the prices are given and it's only 
the fabric which can make a difference. And there too you have to manage their entire ---
(inaudible), the immediate orders as well as the smaller orders. Any company, any country which 
can do that, I think there's enough business available. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood. And are these more profitable business than, let's say, your average kind of margins 
currently? Are the margins better? 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Neeraj Jain: 
Once we are running the basic products like 20s, 30s, I think compared to that, all these 
businesses which are relatively lower in volume but more in flexibility and fashion, definitely 
the margin there would be better, provided we can produce it at the right cost. In case because 
of the smaller or very discontinued kind of a product, in case the cost increase, then probably 
you don't take advantage of that. But the entire game will be whether we can produce these 
products keeping the costs in control, then definitely it's better margin products. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is with respect to the profitability between spinning and 
fabric. If you can help with the rough cut, what would be the profitability coming from the fabric 
business, including processing? Out of your total, let's say, profit during Q1, 60-70, whatever 
rough cut, if you can help, that would be helpful. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Very difficult because the reason we have never given the separate numbers for these two 
businesses, so I can only say generally -- I mean, the spinning margin, you can calculate it 
usually with a 70%, 75% conversion cost what would be the margin and then you have to do 
that math yourself. From company's perspective, we generally do not share these numbers. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Because seven, eight years like you used to give separate margins, you have discontinued 
that. But given that the current spinning situation is not good, is it fair to assume that 75% -- 
70%, 75% profitability must be coming from fabric? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Not really. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Spinning will be better than that, definitely better than that. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood. And sir, my last question is with respect to the overall business model. Last 
three, four years, we have seen spinning facing more challenges than the fabric business overall. 
And you have more of an integrated business. But a lot of companies have built business model 
whereby they can buy yarn from outside as well, some kind of yarn so that they can scale up the 
fabric business much faster. Are you thinking on those lines or that's something which is 
farfetched? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So one, whether we are not expanding the business of fabric because of any constraint or 
financial, that's not an issue or a concern. So whatever are the opportunities we have in the fabric 
business, we are expanding it without looking at where the yarn comes from. So it's not that 
there is any constraint on the resources that you don't expand the spinning capacity and you 
expand the fabric business. Both the businesses are independent running and looking at their 
own opportunities, where both the business want to expand this type. 
 
So on the fabric side, we're very clear that whatever are the opportunities, we are actually looking 
at that and we are expanding into that business. So there is no financial constraint or a restrain 
that the fabric is not being expanded because that money is being utilized the spinning. Both 
businesses are looking at their own options, own opportunities and both businesses are going. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
Two, in any state, whether it's an outsourcing of the yarn or within the company, the fabric 
business gets the yarn at the market prices only. Margins are less or higher, that’s a separate 
issue. Third, in any case, there are some advantages of internal spinning also in terms of quality, 
in terms of flexibility, in terms of the overall consolidation and vertical integrations. A lot of 
customers are common where they want to buy both yarn as well as fabric. So those are the 
different advantages and disadvantages, but I can only assure you that the fabric growth is not 
less because there are not resources available whatever has the options, opportunities available 
we are doing that. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from Kotak AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Good evening sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir you had mentioned that you have purchased 
cotton at INR54,000, INR55,000 per candy. So for how -- like have you covered -- are you 
covered for the entire year or is it just for a few months? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, it's only for the season because most of the -- the Indian cotton season will start somewhere 
in the month of October or so. So generally the entire bottom buying happens only up to the 
season. The next season will have to buy it again. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay. So this year, you -- I believe last year also you had procured for the whole year in October, 
right? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, not October. October we start buying and I think buying continues until February or March. 
So by the end of March we generally have the stock for about 7 months, 8 months and that's our 
general – generally this is what we do unless we find different ways in terms or we have a ---
(inaudible) of the pricing going forward. So most of the time our endeavour is to buy the cotton 
in the season so that we can secure the right quality of cotton as well. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Understood. So the reason why the margins went up this quarter we can attribute it to the lower 
price we bought cotton like that can be the sole reason for that, right? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, that's not the sole reason in between because the near future was also firm so the price of 
yarn were also better. So our cotton even for second quarter of the cost is going to be the same, 
but the margins may or may not be the same depending about the yarn prices which are today 
depressed because of today's near future. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Understood. Can you help me with the yarn prices that were there in Q4 FY 2024, Q1 FY 2025 
and currently? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, the prices in the last year was in the rage of aboutUSD3 I'm talking of ---(inaudible) China 
base USD10 and USD15 and in between it went as high as USD3 USD25 to USD30 also and 
today it will again be back to USD3 and USD10. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
All right understood. And lastly sir about the U.K. FTA. So is the industry still hoping for it or 
it's a thing of the past? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Sorry come again.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
The U.K, FTA.  
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes why not. So the government is working, they have been accounting it and any FTA which 
happens definitely it is going to be of advantage to India. So we are hopeful and anything which 
happens in favour of the industry. We can export the garment and I am sure it will be a overall 
advantage for the entire textile industry. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
All right. That’s it from me. Thank you so much sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of from Aman from Augmenta Research Private 
Limited.  
Aman: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir first of all if you can help me like for example as compared 
to FY2023 we have increased our inventory significantly by approximately 75 percentage. So 
out of this inventory what percentage of that would be raw material? Why I'm asking this 
question is because given that we have increased our inventory substantially to INR4,000 crores 
to INR4,100 crores as of FY24. And given that the international projected prices are around 10% 
to 15% lower from the current level. So as a company will we be at a disadvantage as compared 
to a company which has not secured cotton inventory? Just wanted to know on that thing? 
Neeraj Jain: 
I'm sorry, I couldn't understand your question. 
Aman: 
Sir as compared to FY2023 we have increased our inventory on books by approximately 75 
percentage. If you look at the numbers that you have reported the inventory as of FY2024 is 
around… 
Neeraj Jain: 
Compared to what? 
Aman: 
As compared to FY23 last year. So out of that first of all I wanted to understand what percentage 
of that would be the raw material portion? Because given that you procure your inventory, the 
cotton start from October so I believe that you would have 7 months to 8 months of cotton 
inventory. And now given that the international cotton prices are 10% to 15% lower, so as a 
company will we be at a disadvantage or what. Just wanted to understand on that? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So one whatever the inventory increase that's primarily on account of cotton only. That's for sure 
compared to the last year quarter 2. India the disadvantage is still not there because the Indian 
prices are still higher than that. So the international prices have come down which has given 
disadvantage in terms of the lower yarn prices. But when it comes to India, our pricing because 
of the MSP or bigger inventory held by Cotton Corporation of India. Indian prices of cotton are 
still much higher than the prices at which we have bought the cotton. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Aman: 
Okay. So now sir for example as we compare to let's say if there's another spinning company 
who was not procured cotton and if they are importing cotton. So as compared to them will be - 
as compared to a peer or someone, will we be at a disadvantage because they will be getting a 
cheaper cotton as compared to us? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No. So whenever you import cotton because the cotton prices have come down only in about 
last one month only. And at the moment you want to contract any cotton I will be available to 
us, the shipment will happen after one month minimum one to three month and then another two 
months for the delivery of those cotton also. So you can't use the imported cotton if the New 
York Future goes down today you can't start using it from tomorrow itself.  
So there is a minimum time lag of three to four months' time where we have to plan and import 
the cotton and it's only after that you can use that cotton. So most of the Indian mills in spite of 
a new --- (inaudible) they are relying only and only on the Indian cotton because the import will 
take its own time. 
Aman: 
And also sir given that we have increased our inventory substantially, I'm talking as of March 
'24 as compared to March '23, so what was the strategy behind the same because the operations 
were at the same level we didn't expand the capacity and we have increased our inventory by 
approximately INR1,600 crores to INR1,700 crores. So what is the reason for the same like how 
are we looking at the scenario and what is the strategy going forward? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So there are two things happened together. One this year was a normal period where we wanted 
to cover our full season and we covered the cotton for the full season by 31st March. So because 
we were expecting the prices to go up because the MSP prices are still higher --- (inaudible) and 
the other traders are buying in a big way and the export was also happening in the season.  
So our expectation thus caused that the cotton prices will start going up in India which actually 
happened. So to that extent we got the advantage and our strategy both for the quality buying as 
well as the cost were definitely well increase in this year. Why the quantity is increased or the 
volume is increased. Last year the prices of cotton was very high so we did not stop it in the 
normal way.  
So it's not only that this year we have done something exceptional. Last few years has been 
exceptional that the prices were so high given the reason that we decided not to store the 
inventory for the full year. So this year whatever has happened that was a normal behavior if 
you look at last 20 years balance sheet of the company, most or 80% of the time this is the 
behaviour which we have shown in this behaviour. Last year was an exception because of high 
prices we did not cover the cotton on a full basis. 
Aman: 
Okay. So given that the inventory also will last until October only you are trying to say that over 
the next 6 months, 7 months and from October we'll start again acquiring them next year? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes definitely sir because when season starts we'll have to start buying it again. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Aman: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand from you how do you expect this discrepancy between the Indian 
and international prices to ultimately actually play out, given sort of MSPs are high, given global 
prices are low? I mean how does this get resolved? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No. Again, we have to look at the MSP is one where the government wants to support the farmer, 
but that doesn't mean they'll give the same prices to the industry. There could be a possibility or 
which the industry wants even if you want to support the farmer which is a good thing. So the 
disadvantage should not be to the industries and eventually the loss if there is any has to be taken 
by the government. That's one proposition.  
The second,I think going by the cost of farmers internationally also the price of USD69, USD70, 
USD71 is unthinkable. And eventually it can't be remained at these levels because we understand 
because the cost outside India also USD75, USD76, USD77 is the lowest cost bare minimum 
cost for the farmer there. So, in case the prices do not go up, next year the crop will come down 
in a big way and then the prices will start shooting up big, big way. So, I think eventually, it's 
all demand and supply equilibrium where the international prices, if they are close to Indian 
price then there is no problem on the MSP in India also. 
 
And $0.69, $0.70 definitely seems to be an exception today, where in spite of because the crop 
size certainly is very good. Demand is as of now relatively lower. So, prices have gone down. 
But eventually, these prices remain. I'm not very sure how much India will come down in the 
world next time and next year. And to that extent, the prices will again start rising. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, given we have sort of revised our capex slightly higher is that an indication of how we are 
seeing the overall industry pan out over the next couple of years or so? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, definitely, we are looking at all the options and opportunities. To us, going by the overall 
business sentiment and scenario the margins could be lower. But definitely, opportunity looks 
to be very good for India as well as Vardhman as of now. So, we are enhancing our capex. 
 
And I'm sure if this continues this trend continues then we continue to get better service, better 
products. We will not hesitate to expand further in the business. There's one bold step we have 
taken where in spite of the business condition, we are so confident about the overall business 
scenario for Vardhman or for all the opportunities which I mentioned earlier. So, we are 
expanding our business. And I'm sure if those opportunities are there in future also, we'll keep 
looking at that. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
And lastly, are there any potential inorganic opportunities given smaller players? 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Neeraj Jain: 
We keep looking at it. But I think as Vardhman, our size has become so big that for any small 
unit will not make a sense, small site will not make any sense to us. So, theoretically, yes, we 
are open to the idea. But practically, it looks very difficult that we'll be in a position to find some 
alternate to this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Monish Ghodke from HDFC Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Hello. Thank you sir for the opportunity. Sir, do we plan to import cotton under advanced 
authorization given prices are so low? Even if we receive delivery after, say, three, four months, 
I think we will still be getting cheaper cotton, right? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes. So most of the good spinning mills in India are looking at that option, so Vardhman 
definitely is one of them. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir, last time, you had announced INR2,000 crore capex in that, around INR400 
crores, you had said was for green power. And now I think for boiler, we are setting -- we are 
spending another INR400 crores. So would this INR800 crores be sufficient to increase our 
green mix to 25%? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes, because again in this, whenever we are creating an SPV for the green power. That SPV will 
be taking their own loans as well as we will be participating a part of nearly 26% also in the 
equity. So from our capex this 400 plus should be sufficient. But for 25%, it may not be sufficient 
because that SPV or whosever is the partner for that they will also be investing into this. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir, one question on strategy side. So our debt is quite low and our debt-to-equity 
ratio is quite comfortable. And many state governments offer interest of pension scheme if you 
are setting up spending capacities. So are we exploring that opportunity? I mean after subvention 
the interest cost would be pretty low. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Our first concern is always the business model has to be there if we want to expand the company 
or the business. Is there opportunity there? Anything over and above in terms of subsidy, it 
should be nice to have but it should not be a compulsion that because of subsidy we are 
expanding the business. So whenever we find or we feels there's a business case for expanding 
the business, we will definitely do that and look at whatever are the incentives available, we take 
advantage of them. But as of now, we have never expanded the capacities only because of the 
incentives. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Manager. Please 
go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Just one bookkeeping question. What is the gross debt and the cash at the consolidated 
level? 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Rajeev Thapar: 
As of June, it is around INR1,150 crores, so out of this around INR900 crores of long-term debt 
and remaining is the working capital debt. 
Resham Jain: 
And cash, sir? 
Rajeev Thapar: 
Cash book is also, as of June 15 it is close to INR1,800 crores. 
Resham Jain: 
Including long-term investments and everything else, everything altogether? 
Rajeev Thapar: 
Everything including, yes. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, what is the cost of debt for us and what is the yield on cash for 
us average? 
Neeraj Jain: 
That's why if you see that the rates are different for short-term and long-term because clearly the 
EPC subvention was able to us, which we are using in the month of June. So, 2% subvention 
was there, which has gone out for us. And long-term debt, of course the rate is around, let's say, 
8% around 8% or so on -- 
Resham Jain: 
I'm just asking what is the average cost of debt and what is the average yield on investment? 
Neeraj Jain: 
See, what we see the cost of our investment from a short-term basis on or liquid fund, then 
they've taken that disadvantage which was there earlier. So, it could be opening around 8% in 
this quarter and last quarter also. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. I understood sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Apurva, an individual investor. 
Apurva: 
Yes. This is Apurva from BugleRock Capital. Just wanted -- last time we spoke about technical 
exit. I just wanted some more color on -- where are we on that? I think, 15 lakh meters capacity 
that we have some more --? 
Sagrika Jain: 
Yes. Hi. So we are -- the work is progressing well. We are currently in the process of ordering 
machinery. We've ordered some machinery and we expect to close this process by another four 
to five weeks. We are also waiting for rain to subside and then we will officially start civil 
construction. I'm happy to share that we've gotten all our legal compliances out of the way. And 
we are confident that by next year, September this project should be up and running. 
Apurva Sharma: 
Okay. And maybe you had answered it last time, but just on customers and any tie-ups are we 
looking at? Or is it too early to -- or how? 
Sagrika Jain: 
Yes. Right now, we're open to opportunities and if something comes up, we will be sure to let 
you know. 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Apurva Sharma: 
And this also is, as you have mentioned, this was a varied sector, right? So any particular sector 
that you would want to concentrate given the opportunity for China Plus One, if at all? 
Sagrika Jain: 
So the opportunity is there for multiple segments. So the most obvious for us is obviously active 
sports verticals. There are some brands which we are already doing business with. Apart from 
that, there is also big fans and industrial. They would be more complex, so perhaps we would be 
taking them up once we are more confident and once we've established ourselves in the relatively 
basic products. 
Apurva Sharma: 
Okay. Yes. Thank you. 
Sagrika Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta from Mansarovar Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Falguni Dutta: 
I just have a basic question on yarn, domestic yarn prices. Do they always match import parity? 
I just wanted to know how are yarn prices? Directionally, obviously, they'll follow U.S., but 
otherwise. I mean, are they? 
Neeraj Jain: 
India is a net exporter of yarn. We are not importer of yarn, so the domestic prices and the export 
prices generally could be matching plus/minus INR1 or INR2 most of the time. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Domestic and export prices would be matching, but now if suppose the international prices come 
off, then obviously, we'll have to... 
Neeraj Jain: 
Then the matching prices will also come down. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Okay. Fine, sir. To the same extent? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes 
Falguni Dutta: 
Thank you, sir. That's all for me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manas, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manas: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, would you be comfortable with giving 
guidance on the sales side? Would you be able to achieve 10,000 mark for this financial year? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes, going by the volume and the, I mean, we feel there could be a possibility to go up to 
INR10,000 crores. 
Manas: 
So it is like a conservative mark or like the higher side? 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, because there is no capacity expansion happening in this particular year, so it has to be only 
through the value addition or better utilization only. So our first quarter is close to about 
INR2,300 crores. So if I becomes INR9,200, so to that extent, it's an optimistic number only. 
Manas: 
Okay. And you just mentioned that 15% margin would be like challenging to sustain. So even if 
we sustain or even if we improve, so that would be predominantly due to volume growth or price 
change? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So the -- whatever is happening today, any increase happens, definitely, there will be an 
improvement in the margin because most of the are already covered by the company. So more 
and more volume in case, we can do a spinning, we're running already running at the full capacity 
fabric, full capacity. So it's only addition of margins by better products or within that if we do 
some debottlenecking and we can increase the production that's going to give us the advantage. 
Manas: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Roshan. So really, thanks very all the investors to be with the part to be a part 
of the company and attending these calls. I'm sure as I mentioned earlier also in terms of the 
various opportunities both in terms of customer or the cost optimization, the company is looking 
at it very, very and is open to all the new ideas. And I think our management is -- all of us are 
working very hard to achieve to that as well. 
 
The prices or the global phenomenon, we have to give that, but I'm sure we are on the right track 
in terms of cost or in terms of the efficiencies, those opportunities will also be available to us 
from time to time. And in the meantime, the advantage to the company today is even though the 
cotton higher or the spinning margins are lower, but to that extent, I think our public business 
has been too good. So the overall company that is still the margins are okay. 
 
I'm sure as the time passes as the business becomes more and more normal, things will be better 
only from these levels in the times to come. Two, also with all these modernization 
debottlenecking and expansion, which we are doing, it will definitely reduce our cost in big way, 
which will be available to us partially in the next financial year. I'm sure 6-month advantage 
would come in the next year and the full advantage in the next year after that. It will definitely 
give us a huge advantage compared to the rest of the players in the country. 
 
So I'm sure -- and so whatever our thought process, we've been sharing it very well transparent, 
even the times are good, bad, or whatever we feel we have shared it. Let's wait and watch how 
the things go and what kind of wrong data changes happen, what kind of young changes or the 
fabric, both in terms of the prices and demand changes. But I'm sure whatever happens, we're 
looking at it, watching it very carefully, very vigilantly and wherever, whenever there is any 

 
 
Vardhman Textiles Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
opportunity and catching on to that. So thank you very much, once again, to all of you. Good 
day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
