CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE: 
7-1-24/2/D, "Greendale", Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500016, T.S., India.   
 +91 40 2373 0855
REGISTERED OFFICE: 
Duggirala, Guntur Dist. 522330, A.P., India. | CIN L15110AP1961PLC000874 
+918644 277294  |
 info@continental.coffee | 
   www.cclproducts.com | 
  www.continental.coffee 
Date: 14.08.2024 
To 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: CCL 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code: 519600 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call held to discuss the results of Q1 FY 2024-25 
as required under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
With reference to the above-mentioned subject, we wish to inform that, 
i) The copy of the Transcript of the Conference call held on Thursday, 08th August, 2024 to discuss
the results of the first quarter of the financial year 2024-25 is enclosed herewith.
ii) The Transcript is also uploaded on the Company's Website and the web-link for the same is:
https://www.cclproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/Q1-Earnings-Call-Transcript-2024-25.pdf 
iii) The List of Management attendees is stated in the transcript.
iv) No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was discussed in the call.
This is for your information and necessary records. 
Yours sincerely, 
For CCL Products (India) Limited 
Sridevi Dasari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Sridevi 
Dasari
Digitally signed by 
Sridevi Dasari 
Date: 2024.08.14 
18:14:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“CCL Products (India) Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHALLA SRISHANT – MANAGING DIRECTOR, MR. 
PRAVEEN JAIPURIAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. B MOHAN KRISHNA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. V LAKSHMI NARAYANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MS. SRIDEVI DASARI – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK NAVALGUND – NIRMAL BANG 
EQUITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the CCL Products (India) Limited Q1 FY '25 
Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”and then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Navalgund from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Navalgund: 
Thank you, Shlok. Hello, everyone. 
On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, I welcome all the participants to CCL Products 
(India) Limited 1Q FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
The Management is represented by Mr. Challa Srishant – Managing Director; Mr. Praveen 
Jaipuriar – CEO; Mr. B. Mohan Krishna – Executive Director; Mr. V. Lakshmi Narayana – CFO; 
and Ms. Sridevi Dasari – Company Secretary. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to Praveen, sir, for his “Opening 
Comments,” post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Thank you, Abhishek. I welcome you all to this Conference Call. 
I will briefly summarize the Quarter 1 Performance for all of you, and then we can open the floor 
for questions. 
The Group has achieved a turnover of Rs. 773 crores for the 1st Quarter as compared to Rs. 
654.9 crores for the corresponding quarter of the previous year. This is 18% growth. The net 
profit stands at Rs. 71.4 crores, as against Rs. 60.71 crores for the corresponding quarter of 
previous year, which is also an 18% growth. The EBITDA is Rs. 131.6 crores, and the profit 
before tax is Rs. 87.18 crores. The EBITDA growth when compared to a similar quarter of the 
previous year is 23% and the PBT growth is around 25.5%. 
The domestic market continued its strong performance and achieved a gross turnover of Rs. 90.5 
crores, out of which the brand sales were approximately Rs. 65 crores and balance Rs. 30 crore 
was bulk and private label. 
We have almost completed and started the launch for the Percol in new packaging and the new 
product. The new product is available on the shelves, and we are now closely monitoring it. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Subsequently, we are now putting marketing activities behind it, and we are looking forward to 
building the brand in the UP market. So, that's a broad and a brief summary of the Results. 
I open the floor for questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, first question with regard to the other expenses as well as the depreciation, we have 
witnessed a very minor growth or the increase in the other expenses as well as the depreciation 
has come down. Any reason for that? So, whereas the revenue and the volume has increased by 
15%-16%, whereas the other expenses have remained constant. Any one of the reasons? As well 
as depreciation, which was Rs. 31 crores last year have come to Rs. 23 crores. 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
This is Lakshmi Narayana here. Depreciation in quarter 4 of the last year, we have revised our 
earlier deprecation policy towards the vending machines. As against depreciation of the life 
period of 10 years, we have reduced it to 3 years, and it's mainly provisioned for Rs. 8.16 crores, 
which is the additional depreciation, which causes the reduction from Q1. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, second question with respect to the debt. Can you please tell us the amount of gross debt at 
the end of Q1? And bifurcation of that, what is the debt for the working capital and debt for the 
CAPEX? 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
Essentially the increase in debt from March '24 from Rs. 1,620 cores to Rs. 1,885 crores is clearly 
an account of the increase in working capital. So, it has gone up from Rs. 1,000 crores to Rs. 
1,200 crores towards the working capital debt increase. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So, just reconfirming the point, Rs. 1,200 crores is the gross debt. Can you just bifurcate the debt 
for the working capital as well as the CAPEX? 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
No, Rs. 1,200 crore is the working capital debt and Rs. 675 crore is the term loan debt. Total on 
30th June, it was Rs. 1,885 crores as against, earlier working capital debt of Rs. 1,000 crores and 
almost around Rs. 700 crores, which is around Rs. 1,620 crores. So, Rs. 1,620 crores of 31st 
March '24 has gone up to Rs. 1,885 crores. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, 1 last question from my side. Sir, can you talk about the volume growth in this particular 
quarter? And how are the clients that the retailers across the globe, have they started taking the 
coffee inventory back? Because in the last con-call, we talked about that the global retailers are 
running on a very thin inventory levels because the coffee prices had increased. Any update on 
that. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Rakesh, I will answer the second one, first. No, there hasn't been an increase in the inventory 
that the clients are building up because still the coffee prices are at pretty high levels. So, that 
phenomenon hasn't started yet. So, that's one. The second thing you asked about is volume 
growth. We are experiencing last quarter around 15% to 16% volume growth, which is in line 
with the guidance that we have been giving. Despite headwinds, we were able to maintain this 
kind of growths. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ PMS. Please go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand your thought process on how the scenario for coffee price is 
shaping up, I mean, regarding the crop situation around the world, the demand side and, etc.? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
This one is a little tough. As we had discussed in the last con call as well, things have been very 
volatile and therefore, the predictability of coffee prices has become very, very difficult. So, 
what has happened is that Brazil, and last time we had discussed that Brazil seems to be having 
good crops, it had a good crop, but simultaneously, there were news, and the market suggested 
that Vietnam had El Nino effect and they had certain crop shortages. So, the prices continue to 
be very high in Vietnam, which meant that any correction that was probably expected or, let's 
say, a good correction did not happen, so there was a correction in Brazil, but the prices remained 
high because the availability and the prices in Vietnam were pretty high. So, net-net, things 
haven't improved drastically. 
And to add to the complexities, there has been volatility around. So, that's the situation right 
now. And as we have been saying, most of the predictions for all the market pandits have gone 
wrong. So, we really don't want to kind of give a prediction that how the prices will pan out. But 
having said so, as we have always maintained, some of the trigger points are generally the 
harvesting season. So, the next harvesting season for Vietnam and the other countries like India 
also will happen now in November-December. So, that's the point of time. Then we will see how 
things pan out. But that's the situation right now as far as coffee prices are concerned. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, the next point to watch out would be probably in November. 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes, and December. Yes 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Two, three questions. Can you break down the volume India and Vietnam? And the second 
question is if you can break the spray-dried and FDC volumes? 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, Shirish, I will give you a little broad idea. But let's say, that India, of course, will be closer 
to 9%, 10%, then the Vietnam will be a little higher because that's where the capacities were 
added last year and that's the capacity that is working. So, that is the gross this thing. Just give 
me a second, I will tell you the consol level, what you see behind this. So, let’s say I don't spell 
out the exact numbers, so 25% of the total volumes will be spray-dried volumes. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Second one follow-up on this. What is the capacity utilization in India and Vietnam at this time? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
See, India was minus with food and beverages. So, food and beverages, although we started in 
March, but there the utilization, a lot of the stabilization is happening. So, while there is a certain 
sales that is happening, but the capacity utilization is not very high. So, it will not be more than 
5% to 10% of the capacity. Rest of the capacity, we were running almost full. And Vietnam 
would be the earlier line. The first line is running at full capacity. The second one probably at 
around 50% of the capacity. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And do you spell out some idea on the India branded and domestic business, how it is panning 
out, what number we have got in Quarter 1? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes. So, in my brief, as I mentioned, the India business was approximately Rs. 95 crores. And 
this is growing at an overall level of around 40% right now. And out of this, the branded business 
is Rs. 65 crores, and that business is growing, branded and the retail business, that is growing at 
around almost 45% to 50%. So, that's a little brief. The plans are going well. We are expanding 
the distribution network. We are also expanding most of the channels right from trade to e-
commerce. We are now getting pretty strong on quick commerce. So, yes, on all fronts, we are 
trying to be best and see how we can keep driving this kind of aggressive growth. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Do you think this year, we will be higher of close to about Rs. 300 crores, what target we were 
estimating? The reason why I am asking because we have had a lot of activation on ground. So, 
maybe if you can help me to get better quality to understand what kind of vending machines we 
are putting and what is the distribution at this point of time? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes. So, yes, 300 is the number that we are looking at, which will mean that almost 50% growth 
over last year. So, that's a number that we are aiming, and this is only for retail. At an overall 
level, the India business should cross Rs. 400 crores. And yes, there is a lot of ground activation 
we are doing, both on the demand generation side and the distribution side. And while we do so, 
there is always, as you know, in FMCG business, it will be an evolution of the distribution as 
well. So, last time we spoke about how we are not only strengthening distribution in terms of 
number but also in terms of quality, and it's a better-quality distribution network when I say so, 
which means that the quality of distributors and the strength of distributors is also increasing by 
the day. And hopefully, in India, our direct distribution should touch 1,30,000 outlets. And we 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
are also hoping to drive a lot of indirect distribution through wholesale, which means that we 
probably, in effect, will be touching around 150,000 outlets. So, that's the plan on distribution, 
and we continue to press upon the demand generation activities right from ATL to BTL. So, all 
that is happening. We are trying to see are there any other subsegments that we could enter. And 
yes, so all that work is happening. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That's really helpful. Just the last question on the margin. Though prices are elevated and we 
have seen gross margin has declined and also it had the effect on the EBITDA, could you spell 
out if the long-term contracts are now getting revived at the higher price? Or what is it that we 
should look forward for next 2, 3 quarters? How will the margin pan out? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, I will just correct the understanding a little bit here. The margins never contracted. Optically, 
it gets contracted because we would work on a per kilo EBITDA margin, which means that if 
the coffee prices go up, in relation to top line, the margins may look depleted, but that's not the 
case. Our per kilo or let's say, per tonnage margins are intact. And that's the guidance we always 
give that our EBITDA growth will be in line with our volume growth. This quarter, what has 
happened is that if you are seeing around 23%, 24% EBITDA growth and our margin growth is 
15%, 16%, there has been a little expansion because this quarter, we had certain contracts, which 
were a little higher value contract and more margin contract. So, we saw the benefit of that. And 
therefore, you will see a margin improvement or, let's say, per kilo margin improvement that we 
witnessed in this quarter. 
Now coming back to this question that are the long-term contracts getting revived? As of now, 
we are not seeing so much of revival of long-term contracts because coffee prices are still high. 
But yes, it seems that, as it happens in any commodities, once the commodity sees a peak pricing, 
there is a period of confusion and then things start settling down. So, we are seeing those kind 
of settlements happening, and we are now seeing some revival, but I would not be too committal 
about this fact that revival has happened. So, we will wait for 1 or 2 more quarters to see how 
things pan out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Praveen, sir, my first question is on the coffee prices. If I look Y-o-Y, it has almost gone up by 
60%, Robusta coffee prices. While Q-o-Q, it has gone up by 25%. And at the same time, you 
are saying our volumes have grown by 15%, 16% on a Y-o-Y basis, while sales growth is at 
18%. So, is it like you have seen a cut in the pricing in this quarter, 1Q, as the product has 
deteriorated? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, Akhil, there is no cut in pricing and all that. You know our model, we do back-to-back. So, 
a lot of this quarter's contract is actually contracts which we had done previously. So, it will be 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
unfair to compare with current prices. So, while the current prices would have gone up by 30%, 
40%, maybe 50%, 60%, but that really is not the right indicator because the contract that we 
delivered is probably, let's say, last year's pricing contract. So, in effect, there may be a lag of 1, 
1.5 years also that may come into play. So, that is why that comparison is not a right comparison, 
I would say. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Do we maintain the volume growth guidance of 15% to 16% for this year? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
If you remember, last quarter, we had given a little broader guidance this time considering the 
volatility in prices, we said 10% to 20%, landed at 15%, but we would like to guard ourselves 
and say that we will still maintain 10% to 20%. I would not be committal at this point of time 
because, as I was telling you earlier also long-term contract revival is not strongly back. Most 
of the clients are into hand to mouth kind of a situation. So, the orders are really coming not in 
the long term, but in a very, very short-term manner. So, we don't have so much visibility for 
me to be committal about it. We maintain the guidance of 10% to 20% as of now. 
Akhil Parekh: 
And on the EBITDA per kg, sir, do you still maintain 110 per kg kind of guidance for the next 
2 years? Or do you see a change because existing capacity is going to come now on stream in 
Vietnam. So, can we expect improvement on that sir? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Again, not really because as we have been telling you there are a lot of things that play out. This 
quarter, we got some improvement largely because of high-value contracts, and there are more 
small packs that we did, but coming quarters, there are some volume contracts, some low-margin 
businesses that will come our way. So, we would like to maintain the guidance that most of our 
EBITDA growths will be driven by volume growth and not really by margin improvement after 
maybe 1.5 years or 2 years-or-so, I think that's the time we will start improving the margin profile 
as such. And again, it's not an overnight thing. We have always told that we are working towards 
it, small packs, more of branded business, more of high specialty coffee. So, all that will happen 
gradually, but the visible effect, you'll start seeing more like in the, say, 1.5, 2 years. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And how much would be small packs, sir, as a percentage of total units? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, broadly, it is at 20%, Akhil. But yes, there has been an improvement because small packs is 
also our own brand business. So, overall, the small pack contribution is improving, still at a 20%, 
25% level, but yes, we are seeing improvement on this front. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Maheshwary from Ambit Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Just had 1 question, can you give some color on the clients addition that has been taking place? 
What kind of clients addition in terms of the wallet share that has been taking place from the 
existing clients? And just adjacent to that, the U.S., as a geography, was running at 8,000 to 
10,000 per ton. Where that as a market has been reached for us? These are my 2 questions. 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, this one is quite granular thing that you asked. Probably, we will have to go a little deeper 
here. I am not sure that I will give you a lot of color on this. But yes, see, that’s the endeavor 
that keeps happening. We are wanting to increase the wallet share with our client. And I have 
always maintained that that's not just the only thing that we grow on. There are things like new 
client addition. It's a leaking bucket. There always will be new clients, and there will be clients 
who would be dropping off from the roster as well. So, all these things are happening. The net 
effect is what you are seeing as growth numbers. So, there are certain clients where we have 
increased our wallet share. There are certain clients where we have probably decreased our 
wallet share as well. It's a continuous process. I think it's more like, when I say leaking bucket, 
my entry should be more than my exit. So, that's the endeavor that we all work upon. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Praveen, but just can you give some qualitative that how the value-added share has gone up? I 
am not talking in just 1 quarter basis. But if you can give us some direction that earlier, it was in 
low single digit where it has reached and where you aspire to go in terms of wallet share that 
would be very helpful? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Right. I will tell you. So, first, I will talk about wallet share and then I break it up for you in 
terms of value-added products, yes? So, wallet share, generally, a client will also, because they 
also derisk their business, so they will not let suppliers wallet share go beyond, let's say, 35%, 
40%, yes. So, there are clients where we are working on the highest levels of 35%, 40% of wallet 
share. There are a lot of clients where we are only at, let's say, 5%, 10% of the wallet share. So, 
our endeavor is to kind of get into more of a 20%, 25% wallet share for those clients. As I told 
you, we are always on a lookout of new clients. So, that's the endeavor on the wallet share aspect. 
Now coming to value addition, let's say, there are 2 types of things which are value addition for 
us. One is the value-added coffee, which could be specialty coffee and the second thing is the 
small pack where we earn more margins. So, these are things which will help us improve our 
margin structure. We are encouraged to keep hiking the proportions for them. Just to give a little 
example and I am giving a longer period example because then it gives you an idea where we 
were and where we are going to. Let's say, 4, 5 years, our small pack contribution goes in the 
single digits, probably 5% to 10%, now it has reached 20% to 25%. So, that explains the effort 
that we have put in to make sure that we do more and more of small packs and that's the reason 
we had put a facility which is helping us do more and more small packs for our clients. Coming 
to specialized coffee, three, four years ago, it was maybe not even 1% of our portfolio. Today, 
it is more than 5% of our portfolio. And sometimes, you also have a combination of specialty 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
coffee being packed in a small pack so that is the sweetest spot for us because that gives you the 
best margin. So, we are doing some of those stuff as well. So, yes, that's in brief what our 
endeavors are and how our models are working. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Also, can you give some highlight on, I don't want specific names but the number of customers 
that are being added or what you aspire in any per annum basis? Because generally, it takes, as 
you mentioned, 2 to 3 years to crack a particular customer. So, any pipeline or anything which 
you want to give direction that would be helpful? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, on a very, very broad basis, in any year, we would add 10 to 15 new clients. There will be 4 
to 5 clients who drop-off also, but these are not permanent drop-offs. These are drop-offs, could 
be temporary, but that's the kind of thing that we maintain. And adding clients is not the only 
aspect because I could go ahead today and offer some cheap prices and add 50 clients, that's 
something that we can do any time. But what we want to do is add qualitative clients, which are 
of high quality. This does not necessarily mean that I only want client with high-margin business, 
but it means that clients who are going to stay with us long term, who have got some standing 
in the market. Clients are looking to build brands for themselves because mostly the clients who 
are building it for their brands are much more stickier business than traders. So, these are the 
things that we keep in mind when we are onboarding clients and that's been our endeavor. 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
And your view on U.S., how the capacity is? It was an earlier question only. 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes. So, I think there's some confusion. It was not 8,000 to 10,000 that we have ever spoken 
about. It's 4,000 to 5,000 and that is growing by healthy rate of 15% volume year-on-year. The 
U.S. market is also challenging. What happens is that right now, the Brazilian prices are much 
lower than Vietnamese prices. There was a timing when things were inverted. At that time, we 
had a little more advantage. So, driving volumes was easier. But today it's that much more 
tougher to drive volumes there because Brazilian suppliers are having an edge. While they may 
not have much of a procurement edge because we can also procure from there, but they do have 
logistical edge that they have on us. So, these are difficult times for us to penetrate more than 
what we have penetrated. But yes, the endeavor is to keep going on nibbling away and seeing 
that are there any avenues of growth that we can embark upon. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akul Broachwala from Avendus Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Akul Broachwala: 
First is on, as you mentioned in your opening comments that this quarter kind of reflects the 
pent-up demand that was kind of there since many quarters. So, do you think that at least the 
near-term pent-up demand is kind of already catered to and now customers will only probably 
wait for prices to go down further? 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes. No, so I think it's not a pent-up demand. I think what we should see it like this, this is more 
near-term demand. So, what is happening is that most of the customers or clients are wanting to 
feed their near-term demand and are not committal about long-term contracts. And the reason is 
exactly the coffee prices because the coffee prices are at high, everybody wants to wait and 
watch because everybody is hoping and this hope has been there for the last 1.5 years, because 
when the coffee prices reached 2,500 levels, people thought that this is the peak. Then it did not 
stop there, it went to 3,000, 3,500, 4,000. So, what is happening is that at every interval, people 
are expecting that there will be a correction and therefore, what they do is that they only give 
commitment for their short-term needs. And that's what is happening right now. And that's seeing 
the market scenario. Now when this will invert. We really don't know because see, at this point 
also, everybody is expecting that at some point the coffee prices will correct. So, people are in a 
wait-and-watch mode still. So, let us see how things pan out in the future. 
Akul Broachwala: 
And like in terms of the debt, so are we already at the peak debt level like of this Rs. 1,865 crores 
or do you still expect, based on your volume growth, the debt to further inch-up even from these 
levels? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, if we continue the current volume growth, even at current static prices, the debt level will go 
up, there is no doubt about that. So, we are looking to end the year at around Rs. 2,200 crores 
from Rs. 1,800 crores. But let's say, if the prices do drop after November, December, then this 
could come down by a couple of hundred crores. 
Akul Broachwala: 
And in the previous call, you did mention that you were looking to refinance that at probably 
lower cost. So, has that already been through or maybe you are still evaluating that? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
No, so we are still under review. There is a lot of background working that has to be done. So, 
we are constantly reviewing it because what is happening is that the interest rate scenario across 
the world is changing by the minute. So, while we speak, there should be a certain interest 
advantage you may get in some country, but the next day, you see things inverting and we are 
seeing how the world market is behaving. So, that's been an added challenge to kind of take a 
call on that. So, we are still working on that and nothing as of now is firmed up. 
Akul Broachwala: 
And just finally, some bookkeeping questions. This depreciation for 1Q, like do you expect this 
kind of number to now be the quarterly run rate for the coming quarters or there will be some 
more volatility? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
We are working hard towards it, but I maintain the guidance of 10% to 20%, and we will stay 
with that because as I told you, the long-term contracts are a little difficult to come by, they’re 
still short term, so we will talk quarter-on-quarter. And yes, the endeavor would be to maintain 
this kind of a run rate, but yes, I will still not give a firm guidance of this run rate. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Akul Broachwala: 
Okay. And the tax rate for the full year? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Sorry, did you ask tax rate? 
Akul Broachwala: 
Yes. I just wanted to check your guidance for tax rate for the full year. 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
13% to 14%, I think, at a consol level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Agarwal from Bastion Research. Please go ahead. 
Parth Agarwal: 
My first question is that since we have already launched coffee brands in Europe, so I just wanted 
to understand what is our strategy to gain the market share in that region? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, we have launched it in the U.K. market. Now the strategy is very simple. This brand that we 
had bought there, Percol, has been known as a brand which cares for the environment. It was for 
the environment friendly, audience who cares for the environment certified coffee and things 
like that. So, we are building upon that proposition. So, right now, what has happened is that 
U.K. market is largely modern retail. So, our endeavor is to get it listed because what had 
happened in the past 3, 4 years, this brand had got delisted from a lot of chains. So, our first 
endeavor is to make sure that we get the listings. The first proof of pudding would be that in the 
stores that we are listed, once the offtake improves, then it gives us strength to go to other chains 
and say that look here. things are improving upon us. And that will happen because of our efforts 
that we are doing both ATL and BTL. So, we are looking to do social media awareness building, 
some localized activity, awareness building, which will help us gain traction for the brand. We 
are also looking to tap into some of the newer formats there. So, there are things like coffee bags 
and all that, which are gaining traction as a format in the markets like U.K. So, we have already 
launched the Percol formats in coffee bags. That is something that we are also looking to push 
forward. So, all of this, we are trying to do to make sure that we gain the momentum that this 
brand had a few years ago. 
Parth Agarwal: 
All the manufacturing that is happening for this brand is from India, right? And we export it 
from here? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
All the instant coffee is happening from India. All the roast and ground, like I talked about, the 
coffee bags and all, which is roast and ground format, which we are doing third-party 
manufacturing in the U.K. itself. 
Parth Agarwal: 
And sir, can you help me understand the Swiss subsidiary business? So, I understand that it's an 
agglomeration plant and that we have positioned it as an agglomeration plant in Swiss. But what 
is the purpose of it solving there and why can't we directly export it from India or Vietnam? 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Sir, various purposes it solves. The biggest purpose that it solves, it helps us to be nimble footed 
in the market because if you see Europe, there are very small countries, there are a lot of small 
clients who are there, who want coffee. Their demands could be immediate in nature. And when 
you are trying to fulfill those kind of demand, it becomes very difficult to export from India and 
fulfill those demands. So, these kind of arrangements help us service these demands and grow 
our business. And these are very profitable business because these come from chain of 
supermarkets, these could come from small brand owners. And these businesses, while they are 
small in nature, they aggregate into a good profitable business. So, that's the reason it helps us 
to be there in Switzerland. 
Parth Agarwal: 
And the current capacity there is 300 metric tons for agglomeration, right? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
That's only an agglomeration capacity. So, anyway, that's not a processing unit. So, anyway, the 
base product goes from India only. And depending on the clients' requirement, if somebody 
requires an agglomerated product, we agglomerate and give it there. 
Parth Agarwal: 
And just 1 final question, sir. I understand Continental Coffee Private Limited, wholly owned 
subsidiary, is into food and beverage business. Can you just detail-out what exactly this business 
does currently? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, basically, what we did was last year, if you remember, we demerged the back-end business 
back to the parent company. And we said that, that entity will be only used for our retail 
endeavor. So, we already were running our Continental Coffee kiosks at certain places like 
Metro station and a couple of them at colleges. Now we have evolved that format, and we are 
going ahead with a full-fledged cafe. We just opened a couple of them in the last month at 
Hyderabad. We will do a POC. If we feel that that concept is working for us, then we will kind 
of look forward to expand it. How will we expand it, where would the capital come from and all 
that questions we will answer once we understand the proof of concept. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhargav from Ambit Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sir, any comments on market share, given that we managed a 15% volume growth in a tough 
market? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
This one is a tough one because generally market split, there's no syndicated data that comes 
telling you what is the global market share that you have and the capacities on a regular basis 
are getting added, get deleted and things like that. But when we triangulate our data, we had said 
that when we were at 44,000 or, let's say, around 40,000 metric tons, we probably were at around 
6%, 7% market share in the world B2B market, the addressable B2B market. And then we said 
since the market is growing by 2%, 3%, and we probably are looking to grow at 17%, 18% at 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
the CAGR level for next 3, 4 years, our destination was that we probably will end up at around 
12%, 13% by '27-'28. So, that's the scenario right now. But these, again, you'll have to take these 
numbers with a pinch of salt because these are all triangulated data and not any syndicated data 
that we have to refer. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sir, on the share of freeze-dried you mentioned 25%. So, can this increase post your 5,000 ton 
capacity getting added in the second half? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Probably not. There are 2 things. In terms of capacity-wise, that 6,000 tons is added, we also got 
an India spray-dried capacity of 15,000 tons, which is not added. So, probably, it remains in the 
same proportion. But while I say so this is on the capacity front. A lot will also depend on the 
market demand front. So, let's say, the demand for freeze dried increases, then probably the 
proportions could increase. But it is difficult to comment just because of the capacity, I don't 
think so that should be the driver for our big number. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And in terms of price hikes, is it fair to say from 2Q onwards, we will have taken price hike as 
well compared to 1Q? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, our price hikes are generally related to the green coffee prices because we work on cost plus 
model. So, it will really depend on the green coffee prices, how they move and that will actually 
determine price hikes for us. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And last question is on the profitability for the branded business, is it possible to share? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
No. So, yes, of course. Last time itself, we said that we had broken even, and we probably will 
be looking to get to a 7% to 8% EBITDA margins for the branded business. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
In this year? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
This year, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Sampat from Avendus Capital Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Anirudh: 
This is Anirudh here and Devanshu. I have 2 questions. One is as far as EUDR compliance is 
concerned, could you tell us what proportion of the coffee that you are getting would be 
compliant? And is that a risk as far as continuity is concerned post December? And is there a 
chance that these regulations may also be pushed back if some color can be provided? And the 
second one is that in terms of timeline of the new capacity start-up in Vietnam, we are on track 
on September, October. I just wanted to clarify that. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, yes, we are on track. September, October, we should be up and running. That's on the 
capacity. On the EUDR, I think there are 3, 4 angles to it. One is that green coffee, which is 
generally shade grown and is grown in the jungles and all that, they are fully compliant with 
EUDR. The second thing is this is largely for the commodity itself, green coffee. Instant Coffee 
does not kind of come under this ambit. So, I don't think as of now, there is no risk that we see 
on this track. 
Anirudh: 
Just 1 follow-up question, sorry, 1 more data point, actually. What would be your current cost 
of debt, more importantly, the incremental working capital that is what is the average cost 
currently, please? 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
So, till June, it was around 6.5% average cost of funds towards the working capital, and it is 
likely to go up to 8.25% from this quarter. 
Anirudh: 
Sorry, you said 8.25%? 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
8.25% is the current cost of funds towards working capital, that is from July onwards. 
Anirudh: 
So, from July onwards, it is 8.25% on the entire working capital debt of Rs. 1,200-odd crores? 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
Yes, you are right. 
Anirudh: 
And this Rs. 1,200 crore is benchmark to, when you mentioned that this debt could go up a little 
bit towards the end of the year, this is assuming coffee prices remaining at about 4,000 or at 
what level broadly? 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
It is somewhere around 3,600 to 4,200. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Disha Giria from Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Disha Giria: 
I just wanted to understand more about the branded business in India. So, you did mention that 
there was a 40% to 50% increase in the branded revenue and what would be the volume growth 
for the same? The coffee prices are volatile, for the B2B business, we have a cost-plus model, 
but how do you see it in the B2C business? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes. So, 2 things. One is that you asked about volume growth, which is approximately 30%-or-
so that we are achieving for the retail branded business in India. And coming to the second part, 
how FMCG works. There are different pricing things. Here, we can't work on cost-plus. 
Generally, because we are a fighter, we are a competitor to the largest player, we maintain a 
pricing index of the market. So, that's how we increase prices, and we have seen 30%-or-so price 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
increases. But again, there are a lot of challenges here because you can't increase prices on every 
pack. There are certain packs which are more price elastic, so you can increase more prices there. 
There are certain small packs and the very small packs, like the coinage pack as we call them. 
There, price increases are very difficult. So, we work on driving more and more efficiencies to 
keep or maintain the margins there. That's how the pricing decisions are happening in the retail 
B2B business. 
Disha Giria: 
So, the Continental brand is, I believe, cater to more to the Southern part of India, where I think 
they are ranked second or third. So, do you plan to expand this brand within India further? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes, absolutely. So, you are right, we started with South India. A lot of our efforts are here. We 
have gained quite a bit of traction here. And now we are expanding to other parts of India as 
well. So, in fact, the work has already started both in terms of driving distribution and also 
generating demand. So, there are key markets. In the rest of India, it is a far more our green 
product than what it is in South India. In South India, the penetrations are much higher. So, we 
are looking to penetrate first the 5 lakh-plus population town. And those towns where we feel 
that the coffee consumption is higher than the others. So, a lot of work has already started, both 
in terms of building and distribution expansion. Today, as we speak, we already are covering 
approximately 1,000 1,200 outlets in metro towns like Delhi, Mumbai and 500, 600 outlets each 
in the second-tier towns like Lucknow or Chandigarh, Indore, Pune, so that's how we are 
expanding the rest of India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
My question was on the inventory days, which have historically hovered around 90 to 120 days, 
which has shot up to about 180 days for the past 2 years. And this is having an implication on 
the interest cost, which has shot up significantly. So, any comments on how we are planning to 
manage this inventory and bring it back down to 120 days given that we are not compensated by 
the end consumer for the days that we are holding the inventory in our contract prices? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
A couple of things here. A lot of our inventory management is dependent on the market scenario. 
And why do I say so because if you see in the last few quarters, our buying from sources like 
Brazil has increased because there the prices are lower than the Vietnamese coffee prices. So, 
which means that it adds to the logistics timeline. And therefore, inventory or let's say, the 
working capital cycle goes up. Now you are right, it adds to the pressure of finances in terms of 
interest cost and all that. But having said so, this is our model. So, in the sense because I am 
getting it at a lower price from Brazil, I am able to earn margins, and I am able to sell as well. 
So, that is something which is probably unavoidable. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
The only thing that I would like to mention here is that all this inventory buildup or let's say even 
if the increases are happening, it is for confirmed contracts. So, all the working capital that we 
utilize, not a single penny is utilized for inventory buildup. So, these are all confirmed contracts. 
Yes, it adds to the pressure, but on the other hand, it also adds to my operating margins as well. 
So, whether you see it from this angle or that angle, it actually works out to be the same because 
if I were to kind of squeeze the payment cycles and all that, I would end up having lower margins. 
So, I think net-net, that's a balance that we try to maintain. 
Now when do we see these improving? Of course, since our operations are here in India and 
Vietnam, we see this improving if some coffee prices soften. So, that is something that we would 
expect to happen by Q4 or so. So, until then, we will have to stay put with these kind of working 
capital cycles. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Fair enough, Praveen. But our contract durations are reducing. Like you mentioned earlier, we 
are not getting long-term contracts. So, if this is the scenario, then shouldn't we see a fall in the 
working capital cycle because your buying is linked to the contract that you received on the day 
of the raw material purchases? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Not really because even if I get long-term contracts and I buy coffee, I don't keep the inventory 
with me. I mean I bought today, but the dispatches are staggered. So, that's how the markets 
work. So, I don't necessarily build more or less inventories because of the short terms or long-
term contracts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Sonawala from Samaasa Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
So, just a few questions. In our current Continental Coffee portfolio, just wanted to understand, 
do you see any new product addition going ahead or will we keep it the same and kind of focus 
on increasing distribution? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, right now, we are focused largely on distribution because if you see our share among 
handlers, that's pretty much higher than the average shares in the market, which means that there 
is a demand which I need to fulfill. So, the distribution expansion is our key focus right now, 
and we will keep building on it. The thing is that if you see our portfolio, we probably have a 
portfolio which is larger than the leaders in the market. So, we have always been accused of not 
giving enough focus on some of these brands. So, we will rather keep focusing on the brands 
that we already have. So, I don't see a major addition right now. But yes, on the background, we 
keep working on things we are seeing if there are some trends emerging that we could capture 
in the future, especially in the premium segment, in the specialty coffee segment. So, we are 
keeping a watch doing some product development and concept development. Let's see how they 
pan out, but nothing in the immediate future. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Makes sense. Just last question. On your overall business, is it possible to give kind of a breakup 
based on volume in the top 3 or top 5 geographies that we supply to, if that's possible? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Yes. So, I will give you a broad indication. Let's say, out of our total business approximately, 
everything put together, 40% comes from the Asian markets and then around 20% to 25% from 
East European markets. There will be another 15%-or-so from the West European and the U.K. 
market, another 10% to 15% from the U.S. market and the balance is spread between South 
America, Africa and Australia, New Zealand. So, we are pretty well spread out in terms of 
geographies. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
And just a follow-up. If I were to ask you in the last 3 to 5 years, has there been a particular 
geography that you have seen growth kind of surpass other geographies? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
It's not surpassed. Yes, there are geographies like North American geography, we have seen a 
growth. We used to be very small there. Now we are substantially big there. So, that's a 
geography that has done well for us. We are already very good at Eastern European countries. 
We are now looking forward to see, if we could strengthen our presence in the East Asian. 
Southeast Asia, India, we are very strong, but we are wanting to build our strength in the far East 
Asian countries. So, this is how is the geographies for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar Arora from Eraya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Arora: 
Sir, my only question is coffee prices have been in an upward trajectory for a long time now. So, 
do we see smaller players shutting shop in this case? Does the company see this as an opportunity 
for consolidation in space, especially at a time when we are increasing our capacity by so much? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Actually, yes, at an overall level, very specifically, I will not have a huge indication on this. But 
generally, it happens. Whenever the commodity prices are at such high levels, there will be 
consolidation because it becomes so difficult. All of us are stressed about our balance sheet come 
to think about the smaller player, so they find it even more difficult. And we are seeing certain 
things. In these scenarios, we also start getting calls for acquisitions and mergers for smaller 
players. So, there is a trend that is seen. And sometimes, it does work as an advantage for the 
larger players. 
And we are seeing this trend. It should happen not just because of higher coffee prices, but 
because of this case and the economies of scales that set in, the larger players will get 
consolidated over a period of time. Apart from that, there is also a trend that 20 years ago, you 
would have seen that the brand owners and the manufacturers were the same guys. Now, there's 
so much of segregation that has started to happen. Brand owners are getting separated from the 
manufacturers. So, all that will lead to aggregation and that should help larger companies. So, 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
yes, you are right, that's the trend we are seeing. But how much of that has happened, difficult 
to comment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. Please go ahead. 
Richa Agarwal: 
Sir, my question is when we are planning to set up FDC capacity in Vietnam, I think the 
commentary was that there was committed capacities, there was high demand. So, has that 
scenario changed? And does it change your outlook for what the ramp-up and offtake would be 
like? And what is the CAPEX likely to be incurred this year? And the related question is what 
is your delta between realization and margin for FDC and spray-dried coffee? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, I will just answer the first question, and I will ask CFO to answer the CAPEX question that 
you asked. So, yes, there is a certain amount of underwriting that happens in certain cases, and 
that helps us decide our capacity. So, that scenario hasn't changed. So, that remains intact, and 
there is no change in outlook on that front. 
Lakshmi Narayana: 
No. Total schedule is about 50 million, total implementation of the project cost. And this 
predominantly, as part of the loan, has been revised in last financial year itself. And we have 
incurred almost around 47 million so far, and the balance amount is going to be incurred in 
another couple of months. And by September end, we are going to complete the project and start 
operations. 
Richa Agarwal: 
And sir, can you also comment about the delta in realization and margin for FDC and spray-
dried? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
There is no delta realization. The freeze-dried margins, as we have told earlier, is approximately 
30%, 40% higher than the spray-dried margins. That will remain intact. Now how does the 
proportion change as a Group, we will have to see because if the proportions change from here, 
then probably at a Group level, we will see better margins. But if the proportion remains intact 
and our sense is that it will remain intact, because build capacity in freeze dried. We have built 
the capacities in Spray Dried as well. So, I don't see much of a change in them that is going to 
happen. So, our overall margin guidance remains the same for the next couple of years. 
Richa Agarwal: 
And sir, once we are done with this CAPEX, we will have around 75,000 tons to 76,000 ton kind 
of capacity. What is the maintenance CAPEX likely to look like? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
So, maintenance, there will be spares and maintenance that is there, which comes as a regular 
expenses. I don't see a significant mix there for maintenance that is going to happen. 

 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Romit Nagpal from Terrapolis Asset Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Romit Nagpal: 
Just wanted to check, there's been a lower depreciation this quarter compared to the previous 
quarter. Any particular reason for that? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
No. So, actually, this is not lower depreciation. The previous quarter was abnormally high 
because we had changed the life cycle of our vending machine when the domestic business were 
merged into the parent company. So, from a 10-year, we went to 3-year, which led to Rs. 8 crores 
of higher depreciation last quarter. So, if you see previous quarters, it will be very similar to this 
quarter. 
Romit Nagpal: 
Given that we work on a cost-plus model, and I have been tracking the company for years and 
given the current quarter that's gone by assuming some fluctuations because you mentioned 
earlier regarding short-term demand and not really long-term contracts, does the PBT in the 
range of Rs. 320 crores to Rs. 350 crores for the year sound reasonable? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
PBT of Rs. 320 crores to Rs. 350 crores sound reasonable as of now. But yes, we will build up 
on that. Probably next quarter, we will have a little better picture because things are still volatile. 
Romit Nagpal: 
Given that the tax rate has moved up, what tax rate should we assume for the year? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
At a consol level, around 13.5%, 14%. 
Romit Nagpal: 
And you had a 20% increase in top line. How much of this is driven by increased volumes? 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Around 15% in volumes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this was the last question for today's conference 
call. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jaipuriar Praveen: 
Thank you all for joining the conference with us. We look forward to interacting again in the 
next quarter. Thank you all. And thank you, Abhishek and Nirmal Bang for moderating this call. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
