4,
August 02,2024
Dear Sir / Madam,
Ref: Letter dated Julv 30, 2024. providine Audio link of the Analvst / lnvestors Meet
Sub: Transcript of Analvst/ lnvestors Meet held on Fridav, Julv 30, 2024
ln addition to Audio Link shared via letter dated July 30,2024, please also find enclosed the transcript
of the Analysts/lnvestors Call on the Un-audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, held on July 30,2024.
You are requested to kindly take the same on record
Thanking you.
Yours Sincerely,
For Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
Ashwini Saumil Shah
Company Secretary
Encl: As above
PRIVI SPECIALITY CHEMICALS LIMITED
Knowledge Centre & Regd. 0llice : Privi House, A-71, TTC, Thane Belapur Road, Near Kopar Khairane Railway Station,
NaviMumbai-400710.lndialTel.:+912268713200/33043500/33043600127783040127783041127783045
Fu: +91 2227783049168713232 | Email: enquiry@privi.co.in I Web: www.privi.com I CIN: 115140MH1985P1C286828
The Manager (CRD)
The BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai- 400001
The Manager - Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd
Exchange Plaza, Plot no.Clt, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code:530117
Symbol: PRIVISCL
0008
lS0 S001 :201 5
lS0 14001:2015
ISO 45001 :201 I
BUREAU VERITAS
Cortification
ASHWINI 
SAUMIL 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
ASHWINI SAUMIL 
SHAH 
Date: 2024.08.02 
13:13:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 30th July 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R.S. RAJAN – PRESIDENT – PRIVI SPECIALITY 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. NARAYAN IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PRIVI SPECIALITY CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV PATIL – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
STRATEGY AND BIOTECHNOLOGY – PRIVI SPECIALITY 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MS. ASHWINI SHAH – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – PRIVI SPECIALITY 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ashwini Shah. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Ashwini Shah: 
Thanks Manav. Good evening, everyone, this is Ashwini Shah, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer of Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited. Thank you for joining us on the 
earnings call Q1 FY25. 
 
On this call, I am joined by our Senior Management Team, Mr. R S Rajan, President, Mr. 
Narayan Iyer, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sanjeev Patil, Senior Vice President - Strategy 
and Biotechnology. We also have SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor on this call. I hope that 
everyone was able to review our financial results and investor presentation which were uploaded 
to the stock exchanges and on our company's website. 
 
Mr. R S Rajan shall provide a quick overview on the company and recent development and Mr. 
Narayan Iyer will walk you through the operational and financial highlights. Post that, we will 
open the forum for Q&A.  
 
I now request Mr. R S Rajan, President to take this discussion forward. Over to you sir. 
R S Rajan: 
Thank you, Ashwini and good evening, to everyone and thank you all for joining us on the call. 
I hope that everyone was able to review our financial results and investor presentation which 
were uploaded to the stock exchange and on our company website. The aroma chemicals have 
shown remarkable resilience in the industry despite multiple external challenges. 
 
Demand for the key products which we manufacture remains strong, underscoring the segment’s 
stability and the essential role they play in the industry. The demand for same is primarily driven 
by a behemoth of FMCG and Fragrance brands. They continue to seek these chemicals to deliver 
distinctive sensory or olfactive experience across all the product tiers. 
 
From mass market to premium, it plays an important role in lifestyle products in different shape 
and size of home and personal products displaying and serving a perpetual demand. We are 
India's largest and one of the world's leading manufacturer of aroma and fragrance chemicals. 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
As a trusted partner and prime supplier globally, we produce over 70 aroma chemicals used in 
everyday products like soaps, detergents, shampoos, hand washes and fine perfumes. 
 
We also produce custom made aroma chemicals as per the specific requirement of the customers 
and we cater to the world's largest fragrance houses and a list of marquee FMCG companies. 
We are delighted to share that we have begun the year on a positive note with a strong revenue 
growth YoY for the first quarter backed by an improved product mix and capacity utilization of 
our key products. Our growth momentum underscores the team's efforts to penetrate new 
markets coupled with our long-standing relationships with customers across industries which 
give us an edge for same. 
 
This resilience highlights our capacity to meet market need even in a challenging environment. 
Our greenfield expansion under Prigiv project a JV between Privi and Givaudan in Mahad is at 
an advanced stage of implementation and is expected to commercialize by Q3 FY25. We will 
manufacture over 40 products exclusively which will further strengthen our association with the 
world's largest FNF player and build up our muscle in those formulations. 
 
The way forward we have outlined strategy for future growth under the exemplary visionary Mr. 
Mahesh Babani our CMD and are poised to implement them confidently in the coming years. 
These include further improving product mix operational efficiencies and focusing on new 
product launches to seize upcoming opportunities. We are making noteworthy progress towards 
sustainable growth and have undertaken numerous initiatives over the past five to six years to 
build a more robust ecosystem. 
 
Now with these words I would like to hand over the baton to Narayan here. Over to you Narayan. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you, Mr. Rajan and good evening, to all fellow investors, shareholders and all the people 
who are joined for this earnings call of Privi Specialty Chemicals Limited. To give you a brief 
overview and a quick highlight with regard to the financial snapshot, the total income for Privi 
Speciality on a consol basis stands at around INR467 crores which is a growth of about close to 
13% on a YoY basis as compared to June 23 numbers. 
 
The volume for this quarter has been an impressive 10,672 metric tons as against 7,541 metric 
tons that was done by us in the Q1 of June 23. I'm very happy to inform all of you that this is a 
second quarter continuous where we have been able to maintain 10,000 plus tons of volume, 
keeping in line our growth plans and also the expansions and all the new products also coming 
into the foray and contributing to this volume of sales.  
 
Breaking up this further into our segment wise, pine as a space, you know pine-based chemicals, 
aroma chemicals have contributed 59% of the total revenue. Musk and speciality chemicals 
contributed about 24% of the total revenue. Citral-based aroma chemicals in this quarter has 
contributed 9% to the total revenue. Phenol-based chemicals have contributed close to 8% and 
the balance is from the value-added products of around 1% or so. 
 
The split amongst the exports and domestic have been 68% on exports and 32% on the domestic 
front. With the sales that was clocked, the company has made an EBITDA margin of close to 
INR97 crores, which is a growth of about 60% over last year and the margin percentage for this 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
year has been about 20.8% and as compared to 14.6% of EBITDA margins, which was there in 
June 23. The PAT for this quarter is about INR31 crores, as against last year's INR5 crores in 
June 23 or so. So this is a broad snapshot of the financial numbers. 
 
Giving some more insights into how the volumes have panned out for our existing products and 
some of the new products per se. Volumes for our existing products are increasing and most of 
our product units are now working at almost near optimal capacity. In 2024-25, we are looking 
to sell 100% capacity with regard to our main products like the Dihydromyrcenol, Amber Fleur, 
Pine Oil, Terpineol, so that we are in a position to keep our market share and propel the growth 
opportunities. 
 
As far as the new products are concerned, Galaxmusk is doing excellently well and we have 
good order booking for this product, as well as spot markets have also been taking up this product 
and we are almost about 80 plus percent sold out on this position. In fact some other months we 
are at near optimal capacity of our production. Camphor once again is around sold predominantly 
in the Indian market and this season has been very good. 
Camphor sales along with Isoborneol and Isobornyl acetate has really looked up very well and 
of course as informed in my previous investor call, the company is one more step in the process 
of obtaining the U.S. FDA and we definitely are poised to get the U.S. FDA by this year-end or 
so. And Prionyl, definitely it is making in roads and the capacities are slowly increasing. We do 
understand that Prionyl being a speciality product it will take some time to get to the full optimal 
capacity, but we are doing well, this product has been received well by most of the blenders and 
we expect this momentum to keep coming around in fact.  
 
It's a strong performance, the margins as expected have been good, all the expenses are under 
control and in fact there have been some savings on some areas of the expenditure. So going 
forward also we expect the momentum to be continued and we maintain the growth trajectory 
and are in a position to continue delivering good sales along with good EBITDA margins and at 
the same time ensure that all the balance sheet items are also kept within control. On that note I 
would like to open the floor for questions from all the investors concerned in fact. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Participants present 
on the audio bridge who wish to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
 
We have our first question from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda family office, please go 
ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda:  
Yes, good afternoon, sir and congratulations on a very good set of numbers and the Q1 being a 
soft quarter, I believe the numbers are very well delivered sir, so congrats to the entire team. 
Thank you. Sir, my questions are, we have clocked one of the best margin in many quarters and 
year to year there is a 600 basis point jump in the margin. So can we believe that this margin of 
20.8% or 21% is sustainable on the back of new launches and new products for the coming year 
as well as next year?  

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, thank you, definitely as it has been indicated by us, the management and by all of us on the 
call, these margins are there to stay and we are very confident of our margin levels as we talk 
about at least for the year 24-25 that we are in. We have a fair visibility with regard to the next 
two, three quarters performance and we have very good order booking positions, our raw 
materials are covered, our sales are there, so we expect this momentum to go about. 
Clarity with regard to FY25-26, I will be in a better position maybe somewhere around closer to 
the December mark when we really know how the contracts pan out for the calendar year 25 and 
we also do some sort of homework, we have better clarity with regard to the raw material inputs 
and all. But broadly if the global outlook and, the global foray is going to be as it is, you can 
expect the margins to continue even in the year FY25-26. 
Sudhir Bheda:  
Great, great sir. And what kind of volume growth do you project for this year?  
Narayan Iyer: 
As indicated in my last call also, we expect a margin growth of about close to 20%, definitely. 
It could inch closer to the 25% also in fact.  
Sudhir Bheda:  
The volume growth?  
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, that's right. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great. Sir thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to ask this question and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. First 
question on the strong volume growth that we witnessed in this quarter, just trying to understand 
if there are any specific products which sort of led this growth and from a geography perspective, 
any clarity there in terms of which has been the growth driver and wherein, if at all, there is any 
slowdown continuing? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Ankur, product sale has been across all the segments. It's not specifically related to one particular 
product, but as compared to previous year where Galaxmusk was just introduced, so Galaxmusk 
per se, the sales in this quarter has been higher as compared to previous year, so definitely that 
is one product. 
Because last year we had just launched, we did not have the contracts, we got the permissions 
in between the year. Secondly, all products across on the pine space, the phenol space, there 
have been a growth in the volume because capacities are now almost up to full and definitely 
Galaxmusk is an adding cherry. Camphor sales have also been there, which is, contributing to 
the growth on the volume as well as the value-based growth in fact.  
 
And geography-wise, I'll say that more or less it is in tandem as what Privi does. In this quarter 
we have done 32% in India as against normal average of 30% or so. Europe continues to be 
about 33%. So, I cannot really say that one territory has overshot the other or so, it's spread 
across evenly. 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, just to follow up on that, from a competitive intensity perspective, where are we gaining 
market share from, as in some specific industry or player or it is again, broad-based? 
Narayan Iyer: 
So, the industry itself is growing at about 5 to 6%, so which we are talking about some other 
space, that is the pine and the musk. Most of these products are 20,000 plus metric tons, which 
are annually sold across the globe. So, we are definitely, making roads onto this growth. 
 
And secondly, some of our competitors, we are in a better position to deliver quality products. 
Our customers are pretty happy with the services, the quality and on-time reach, the logistics 
that we have developed over the years. So, maybe some of the shares of our competitors are also 
being passed on by most of our valued customers. And that's the reason that you see our growth 
happening much better than the industry growth and some of the growth that some of our peers 
or competitors are showing. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Yes, just last question. On the pricing side, we are still seeing a decline on an YoY basis, while 
our gross margins or EBITDA margins, either way, are at historically, highest levels. How 
should one look at, both of them, margins as well as your realizations going ahead? And if 
theoretically there is an improvement in realizations, can the margins surprise further on the 
upside? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Okay, Ankur, a thoughtful question to answer one by one. Definitely, we have back-to-back 
arrangements with regard to most of the raw materials that was covered. And so, we very much 
was clear with regard to the margins that we are going to clock during this year. And that's why, 
we have given that forward-looking statement also. Going forward also, as indicated in my 
question to the earlier participant Mr. Bheda, definitely if everything looks the way it is, our 
margins should be well-maintained at these levels. 
 
We feel, with regard to certain specific things happening around on the spot market, we are 
seeing definitely a trend that the prices on the finished goods are going up. And we are able to, 
get those additional sales value from the spot market because prices on some of the raw materials 
are slowly moving up. There have been some shortages happening around, you know, on some 
of the products. And this is definitely helping us to get some better volumes and some better 
realization as far as the spot market is concerned.  
 
On the contracts, most of our customers are giving us the whole volumes. And that's the reason 
that you see that our volume, that we have been clocking around in both the quarters, whether it 
was Q1, whether it was Q2, and fairly well on the next two quarters. We can continue doing and 
perform the way that we have been doing in this year. 
Sanjeev Patil: 
I wanted to add something. That's why I let Narayan complete that. So, there are factors which 
have contributed towards and which are secular in nature, which are resulting into the better 
margins. So, some of those are, first and foremost, operating costs have been now much better 
controlled because of multiple things. I will just illustrate a few of those. For example, we have 
now installed a very large and extremely efficient boiler. So, by virtue of that, we consume quite 
a lot of coal and energy cost is significant in our processing industry. 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
So, now, since we have a very efficient boiler, the cost of steam per kg of heat has come down. 
We have also installed multiple equipments wherein we are able to, capture whatever heat that 
is going out of the reactions and, use all of that to our benefit. 
 
Long and short, what we're trying to say is that in terms of operating efficiencies, we have come 
a long way by virtue of which the margins are definitely gone up and they will continue to be at 
those levels where the prices could go up, prices could go down, but this would continue. That's 
number one.  
 
Number two, on the yield, that is the kind of produce that you get per kg of input, we also have 
seen improvements and we continue to do that. So, in the last three years, we have improved 
that on our flagship products. Number three is that on our flagship products, including 
Dihydromyrcenol and Amber Fleur, by optimizing processes, we have improved our output, 
which is also contributing to higher margins. So, it is as a result of these factors that we are now 
able to see that the margins are definitely looking and are going up and will continue to stay 
where they are. 
 
Obviously, if the prices do go up, it helps us in a simple way that the advantage remains the 
same in terms of raw material consumption. It covers our Indian overheads because our costs 
are all in Indian rupees. Those overheads are much better and that is the reason why you are 
seeing a steady trend in which the margins have slowly gone up. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you a lot. Thanks a lot, Sanjeev. Very helpful there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sriram R, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sriram R: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, what is the contribution of value-add to our EBITDA, 
absolute number or margins?  
Narayan Iyer: 
See, value-added as a thing has been going up over the last two, three years. You would have 
seen on our presentation also, what used to be about 1% or so has slowly now gone up to about 
4%. On that very, very absolute number, I will have to work that out, Sriram. So, possibly, if 
you could send in a mail, I will have more details and clarity with regard to what VAP 
contribution is on an EBITDA number, in fact. 
Sriram R: 
No, I think by value-add, I am also including musk & speciality. So, the current 25% to your top 
line, right? I think that is about 25%, contribution to your revenue right?  
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes. It will almost be almost on the same parity basis if you have to split the EBITDA, close to 
about 24% should be contribution from this area also, in fact. 
Sriram R: 
So, the margins are not different between, musk and the other chemistry?  

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Narayan Iyer: 
See, as I said, musk and value-added that you are talking about the specialty, it is clubbed under 
one group. It could be a percentage or two, and that is the reason that I asked you that, if you 
could send in a mail, maybe I will be in a better position to give you exact numbers. 
Sriram R: 
I am not looking for a breakup between value-add and musk. What I actually meant was 
speciality, which is, put together 25% of top line. I just want the number for your bottom line 
contribution. 
Narayan Iyer: 
That is all put together. I really do not have it off hand ready, Sriram. 
Sriram R: 
Okay. I will write to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil from Perpetual Capital. Please, go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a great performance again. My first question is 
around, what is the current debt level at the end of Q1? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Total, you want to know. Okay. On a standalone basis, it is about INR868 crores. On a consol, 
including Prigiv, we are at about INR992 crores. Okay. Okay. 
Nikhil: 
And secondly, I think Sanjeev already sort of touched upon that point. But what I have observed 
is your other expenses in terms of per ton has come down drastically. It was around, let’s say, 
close to INR70,000 odd rupees per ton last year, versus now it is at INR50,000. 
Sanjeev Patil: 
That is a very good observation. And that is what I have covered, in my earlier presentation, that 
our expenses have been controlled. And it is not just, containing the expenses, but it is increasing 
the efficiency, which is what we have been doing for the last three, four years, usage of very 
high and novel technologies across. So, I welcome you to come to our factory, we will, showcase 
to you what all we do in terms of reducing our power cost. 
 
For example, now we also started using solar power, for our largest utility too. So, solar power 
not only adds green points benefit for getting things like ecovadis gold, but it also saves cost, 
because solar power is about three and a half rupees cheaper than the power that is sold by 
electricity board. So, that is how through all these steps we got the cost under control and reduced 
costs. 
Nikhil: 
Thank you. Got it. So, Sanjeev, sorry, just a follow-up on this one. So, despite freight moving 
up significantly post the Red Sea crisis, I mean, I was sort of surprised to see these margins, so, 
how are you all controlling other expenses despite that?  
Sanjeev Patil: 
Narayan you have to add something. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Definitely, there has been, a better negotiation with most of the freight forwarders and logistics 
in this quarter as compared to immediate earlier quarter where Red Sea was at its peak issues in 
fact. So, we have been able to, to some extent negotiate and bring down the prices with most of 
the sea freight and freight forwarders. And hence, you will see a saving happening around on 
my other expenses front. Because I do believe that, on a comparison between the earlier quarter 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
and this quarter, this has definitely helped us save some amount, some cost, both on the imports 
as well as on the exports.  
 
So, good work happening around. And definitely, we have been trying to also push and see the 
Red Sea effect. Some of our customers have also allowed to pass on some additional freight cost 
which is being charged to them and try to recover to some element in fact. 
Nikhil: 
Next question is around, when I see geographically, India is sort of leading the growth along 
with rest of Asia. But what I also see is Givaudan has seen the strongest growth in Latin, which 
was an area that you highlighted last year where you’ll don't want to focus much because of, I 
think, it was around payment days or concerns around that. So, do you want to start refocusing 
on that region now? 
Narayan Iyer: 
See, we are doing our best to ensure that those customers who are in a better position to pay us 
upfront or where they are in a position to open up with solid banks through US, we have been 
selling through our Privi US office which is our subsidiary in fact. There has been a little slight 
growth which we have witnessed in the Latin American continent as compared to some of the 
earlier quarters in this quarter. So yes, we are always looking for ways and means of increasing 
the sales in all geography. 
 
Latin America definitely is looking up as we speak in fact. And some of the countries have also 
made some sort of an understanding with regard to the dollar availability and they have made 
some sort of a schedule as to how the government is ready to pass on this dollar on various 
number of days. And this is that our business development head is taking a call and we are trying 
to increase the sales and push up in the Latin American markets in fact. 
Nikhil: 
Got it. So next is, I think you also pointed on increasing pricing for a few finished goods and 
which sort of because of higher raw material prices. How do we look at the spreads on camphor 
going forward? I think prices have started moving up but since you are backward integrated does 
that start adding to margins? 
Narayan Iyer: 
It has already started adding margins, Nikhil. And definitely we have that advantage of the 
backward integration. And you know, God willing, the main season actually starting from this 
period July onwards where India consumes a huge amount of camphor. We are in for a good 
season in fact. 
Nikhil: 
Got it. So next is on Privi Fine. You all announced an acquisition last month. So when do we 
see, when do you all expect the integration of this within Privi Speciality? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Nikhil, you will have to wait and watch. We are still in the process of obtaining the shareholders' 
permission and the postal ballot is on. Too early for me to comment anything. Keep our columns 
being watched very closely and monitored. We will be announcing it as and when things 
develop. 
Sanjeev Patil: 
After the shareholder approval is received, we already have a plan to integrate everything. So 
that going forward we are able to optimize on the cost also. Work on the synergies between the 
two organizations and optimize the cost as well and seamlessly implement it. We are waiting of 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
course for the shareholder approval to come in which I think 12th August is the day. So after 
that, we will be share more details. 
Nikhil: 
So last question from me. It's more on the capital allocation and the capability. I am just taking 
the menthol project as an example here. So I believe that the main feedstock here will be sort of 
a side stream. You will be using the side stream of one of your existing product or process. So 
how do we look at incrementally let's say in 3 to 5 years from here, how do we look at the return 
on capital employed and margins of the company? Does that move up significantly or it stays 
within the same around the same levels? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
So margin, as you have very rightly studied that the menthol has been made based on the side 
stream that we get from CST as well as GTO processing. And therefore, it will be value of 
addition into the overall profitability. 
 
And you will find that over the next 3 to 4 years, of course it takes 18 months to implement the 
project. So let's say if you look at a 3 year scenario, you will find that about 200 to 300 odd basis 
point increase in the return on capital employed and also corresponding return on equity also 
will increase. So obviously these projects will only help company to utilize its capital better and 
provide better returns. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Tushar Vasuja from Yogya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay. So thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is what's the utilization right now?  
Narayan Iyer: 
It is upwards of 85% in fact. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay. I think you mentioned something about spot markets before so I just want to know how 
much percent of the revenue is from the spot market and how much of it is it from long term 
contracts? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Okay. Normally our contracts are about 65% and about 35% is for the Indian markets and the 
spot market because Indian markets normally believe in not giving very, very long term orders 
or something. So you know most of the Indian customers would be giving orders on a monthly 
basis or place an order for two months or three months. So the balance 30%-35% is more with 
regard to these markets and 65%-68% is more on the contracts in fact. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay. And so I am a bit new to your company and this industry so I apologize if my 
understanding of the pricing dynamic is not up to the mark but as mentioned by the previous 
participant that your margins and realizations are at a historic peak right now so how long do 
you see these conditions lasting for? 
Narayan Iyer: 
As informed to all my other two or three investor people you know we have very, very fair 
visibility. With regard to our margins you know sustaining this over at least for the next one year 
or so. And as also Sanjeev was trying to explain you know we have done a lot of improvements 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
internally with regard to some of the ease to be improved some of the processes that need to be 
covered, some of the cost saving measures that we have taken. With regard to you know 
implementing the solar projects getting briquettes for the boiler consumption and boiler use 
streamlining most of the vacuum pumps and the pipeline connections and all. 
 
All this you know is really giving us the returns we have spent and we have invested a huge 
amount in capex ensuring that these things start giving us desired results. And now that we are 
in almost full capacity utilization of our existing products and the new products have also started 
realizing revenue you are able to see all that transpiring into better margins. So you know if 
things continue the way and with all these improvements happening around you can expect Privi 
to continue to have these margins for a much longer period and maybe even improve as we go 
about it.  
Sanjeev Patil: 
In addition to that you know what happens is if you see just the previous question was about 
renewable elements also it is being made from the side streams. So, for example, when we buy 
CST from the European source, we get a lot of – I mean about 20% material which is not used 
for making aroma chemicals. So, it can be sold as a solvent at about INR100 or something like 
that. But if you use that and you make renewable elements, there is a lot of processing of course, 
but then the margin increases. And that is how we have been looking inward the last six or seven 
years. 
 
We started with products like 1-8-cineol and others, then we went to a product like Terpen-4-ol, 
and then subsequently last two years we have done products out of our musk category. So, all 
these efforts are looking at internal ways in which we can improve the cost and we can bring 
down the cost, make us more profitable, and that is how we add the value to various streams. 
Going forward margin will become more and more sustainable and robust. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Thank you for the elaborate answer. I have just one last question. I know it is not in the execution 
timeline yet, but on Privi Fine Sciences, so let us say the acquisition happens. So, how would it 
affect your top line and margins? 
Narayan Iyer: 
As indicated and as also Sanjeev has informed, our request is that we will have to wait for a little 
while more. Maybe we will come back with all the details. It is too early and it is not appropriate 
that we really answer that before we are really mandated by the public and the shareholders to 
go ahead. 
 
We will come with a complete fine print and blueprint. And quite a few things we have already 
put in our presentation and our website on the main parent company also. So, as things pan out, 
you will come to know more details. So, my sincere and humble request is just to bear for a little 
while more. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Fair enough. Thank you for answering all my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Shah from JS family office. Please go 
ahead.  

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Jay Shah: 
Congratulations on a great set. I want a couple of questions I had on the business side. So, firstly, 
coming to the backward integration that we have done now with CST as well as Pinene that we 
can use to make our products. So, how is it that the company answers production as to when to 
use which RM? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
So, can I answer that? Or okay. You have some other question. 
Jay Shah: 
Yes. And would it in any chance affect our yield or, even the productivity in any which way? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
We have been doing CST processing for now last almost 10 years. So, we, in the beginning of 
the year, we have a good idea as to what is our product mix. On a monthly basis, we plan the 
raw materials which are required, okay, Alpha pinene, Beta pinene, and also what quality of 
Alpha pinene we require, how much sulphur we have because if you have to make 
Dihydromyrcenol, you require a particular quality of Alpha pinene. 
 
If you have to make other products, it requires slightly different quality of Alpha pinene. So, we 
have that clear visibility on a quarterly basis which we keep on rolling every month. And based 
on that, we optimize our plants and, feed based, whichever is the right constituent in terms of 
either the U.S. CST or the European CST so that we get the optimal output. And we also use, 
we also do gum turpentine oil buying on an opportunistic basis. 
 
So, if we feel that the markets are weak, prices are low, we buy that as well. And because that 
conversion is faster and easier, so we use that as an opportunistic buying. And based on that, we 
have a very clear idea as to what will be our feedstock cost in a sense, Alpha pinene cost or Beta 
pinene cost or Beta. So, all of that, we have fairly good idea for a period of a quarter or two 
quarters. And that's how we work on this whole thing. And we ensure that none of these ever 
affect our either yields or all the processing costs. 
Jay Shah: 
Okay, that's great. And so, second question, as you just previously mentioned that we are already 
at 85% capacity utilization on a blended basis, then, is it something that we have any more 
capacity that is coming on stream in maybe second half of this year or next year, so as to, meet 
the incremental demands? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Yes, good question. So, what we are trying to do is, we do a lot of innovation of processes, where 
in, for example, if I have a particular set of reactors and equipments, distillation columns and all 
that, and if I am operating on a batch basis, so batch basis versus, let us say, I convert those into 
continuous basis. So, in a continuous system, at the end of every batch, the reactor cools down, 
then I again hit the reactor and all that. 
 
Against that, if I am doing everything on a continuous basis, then I'm able to extract more output 
from the same set of equipment with obviously some additional equipment here and there. So, 
that is what we have been doing over the last about 4 years or 5 years. And that's how we are 
steadily increasing, the capacities of our flagship products, like the Dihydromyrcenol, or Amber 
Fleur, or Pine oil, example of that. 
 
So, that's what we keep on doing, and we are continuing to do that, because each product has 
four or five manufacturing steps. So, you start with making the first one continuous, then the 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
second, then the third. So, that journey continues, and it not only gives us the higher output, but 
since it is continuous, therefore, as you know, when you drive a car on a highway, in the fifth 
gear, you get the highest mileage. 
 
So, similarly, when you are running something on a continuous basis, it consumes the least 
amount of energy, because you have to only maintain the losses of. So, that's how, the yields, I 
mean, the costs also keep on increasing. So, this has been our focus, as guided by Mr. Babani. 
We do that, and we have a very good engineering team, which has helped us in implementing 
these things. 
Jay Shah: 
Thank you so much. And then, this last question. So, because the nature of our business, and 
especially our products, is such that, in our customer's end product, basically, we are not less, 
more than 2% to 3%, or at the max, sometimes 5% of the total product. So, if I have to see 
strategically at Privi, what would be the management strategy to eventually reach, a good 
INR3,000 – INR 4,000 crores, or whatever, it's amount of top line, because, for us, volume 
growth, beyond a point, from the same customers, would also start off, plateauing. 
 
And it's not that, we can continuously take on price increases, and we are not, like, a complete 
commodity player. How is it that we would transform ourselves from a INR2,000-odd crores 
company to a INR5,000-odd crores company? 
Sanjeev Patil: 
Okay. Good. The answer is a bit long, but I'll highlight a few things that you must appreciate. 
First and foremost is that there is a volume demand for various products. If you look at the 
Annual Results of multinational FMCG companies, like Levers, if you take, the last 4 quarters, 
they have been growing, and even 2% growth at Levers level, it results into substantial demand 
for ingredients like what we make. Okay. So, that's the first driver for growth, number one. 
 
Number two, second driver is that we are able to get, when we introduce, for example, how did 
we get to 85%, 90% capacity utilization for our new products like Galaxmusk, or for Camphor, 
or for Prionyl. That is because the customers have a significant level of comfort in dealing with 
Privi, and one factor that I think we beat everybody is our sustainability, and we bring zero liquid 
discharge and all of that. So on those counts, we are rated extremely high. On quality, of course, 
we are very good, but on sustainability scale, we are immensely high, and which is what is, 
resulting in customers preferring Privi. 
 
So, that's how we will have steady growth in our existing products. Then we are introducing the 
new products, which will see the revenues climbing up over the next 3 years, and after that, as 
Narayan said, we will wait for the customer, the shareholder approval to come in, but after that, 
that is when the Privi Fine Sciences come in, and as a result of all these things put together, 
integrated, we see the entire growth going to the number that we talked about INR5,000 crores. 
Jay Shah: 
Thank you for answering all the questions, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Suraj Malu: 
Sir, can you please share the volume split across the segments, across Pinene, Musk, Citral, 
Phenol? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes. I'll just reiterate and give it. It is there in the presentation. It has been uploaded on our 
website as well as on the presentation, but broadly to just tell you on this call, Pine as a space 
for this quarter has been 7,065 metric tons. Phenol has been 1,408. Citral as a segment is 443 
tons. Musk in speciality is 1,482, and value added is about 274 tons totalling to 10,672 metric 
tons of sales. 
Suraj Malu: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congrats on good set of numbers. Just two clarifications from my side. So, I know 
you also highlighted the volumes, but just wanted to understand what is the utilization level of 
our new products that is Camphor and Galaxmusk in this quarter? 
Narayan Iyer: 
It's been upwards of 85%. That's what I'm saying that Galaxmusk and Camphor have really done 
very well, and we expect in this quarter that it could be almost at 100% capacity as we talk about. 
The markets are looking good. We have got good order positions. Spot markets also we have 
been able to sell. So, you can expect almost close to 100% utilization going forward. 
Krishan Parwani: 
So, basically, there is some headroom in these products, and besides this, I think in the 
presentation you have also mentioned Prigiv would be, let's say, a growth driver for us from 
third quarter of this financial year. Is that correct? 
Narayan Iyer: 
What we have mentioned in the presentation is that Prigiv will start its commercial production 
from third quarter, more likely the fourth quarter. It's not really going to thrust a growth or so. 
We will grow. It will also add to our growth contribution. That's what we are trying to suggest. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Yes, I mean, not a meaningful, but at least there could be some growth from these products. 
Absolutely… 
Narayan Iyer: 
Absolutely. Yes. 
Krishan Parwani: 
I've got your point, sir. Thank you and wish you all the best for the coming quarters. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Congratulations, sir, on a great set of numbers and thank you for the opportunity. I was a bit late 
for the call. So, if my question is a repeat to your earlier answer, I apologize for that. So, I just 
wanted to understand what... So, we had two back-to-back strong quarters when it comes to the 
volumes that we have delivered. What is the utilization that we might achieve from our existing 
capacity by end of FY '25? Is that number in mind? 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes. Definitely, it is more in line with what we had suggested at the beginning of the year. We 
should be achieving an overall growth in terms of volume as compared to what we did in the 
previous year, upwards of 20%. It could be even 25% if there is going to be a good strong 
calendar year '25 also. So, we are very clear. 
We are very focused. We have clarity with regard to our sales happening around in the next 
couple of quarters and more so the next four quarters. We feel growth is going to be there. In 
fact, momentum will be there and Privi should be in a position to deliver good numbers in fact. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So, if I get it right, you said 20% to 25% volume growth. That's right? 
Narayan Iyer: 
That's right. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Right. 
Narayan Iyer: 
That's what you asked, right? 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Yes. So I just wanted to volume… 
Narayan Iyer: 
So, 20% we have clarity. It could be more like 25% also as things pan out, markets are good as 
it is now. We can also possibly try to achieve that. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Absolutely. How has Camphor price spanned out in the last three to four months? How is the 
trend? If you could let us know. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Camphor prices have shown an increasing trend. At least in the last one, one and a half month, 
it has been showing an increasing trend in fact. And we expect this trend to continue, momentum 
to be there. And it is good for all Indian manufacturers of Camphor, I'll say that. So, definitely 
it will help us as well as the Indian manufacturers to really get an improved sales, both in terms 
of volume as well as the value. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. So, can you just put a number to that? I mean, what would have been like the percentage 
price rise that I've seen in Camphor in the last one, one and a half month? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Last one, one and a half month, we have seen close to about maybe 7% to 8% or so in fact. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Okay. Right. And so, coming to... 
Sanjeev Patil: 
As the season comes in, because it's a highly seasonal products and as the season comes in, next 
three days, it will start to go further. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. Right. Understood. And we have done a 21% margin in a relatively weak quarter, right? 
So, what would be our guidance for the entire year, FY '25 on the margin side of it? 
Narayan Iyer: 
See, margins will remain at this level. It is more like the volume growth that should happen 
around. So, it is comparatively a weak quarter. We expect this weak quarter, the volumes to 
improve as we keep going about. Margin more or less should be at these levels. Maybe a little 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
bit improvement can happen if volume improves, the fixed cost gets apportioned over a larger 
volume. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Absolutely. Right. The operating leverage comes into play. 
Narayan Iyer: 
That's right. That's right. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
That's all from my side and all the best. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you very much. Okay. I've been informed by SGA that there are a lot of participants, so 
I restrict all my fellow investors who are asking questions. So, please restrict only to two 
questions. So, it's my sincere request so that everyone gets an opportunity. Next question, please. 
Moderator: 
Yes. We have our next question from the line of Siddharth Jain from IFC. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Jain: 
Congratulations on the number, sir. So, I have two questions. One is on the solar power project 
wherein the company has invested 26%. So, if you could add some color to that and the potential 
impact on the margins. And second question is on the working capital intensity. So, we have 
seen over the last three, four years the net working capital day to be in the range of 150 to 170 
days. So, how does that stand out in Q1? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Okay. Solar is an investment. As you know, we have done an SPV, a Special Purpose Vehicle 
thing and our contribution has only been 26% of the equity and all the debt is on that thing. So, 
it's a fantastic proposal as far as I know Privi is concern. This quarter also we have been able to 
get a savings of close to INR2 crores on the overall power cost because the arrangement is that 
for 25% of the unit to power consumption, we get a savings of INR2 per unit. So, broadly, the 
saving that has got panned out in this quarter is close to INR2 crores. It should be about INR1.98 
crores or something of that sort. 
Second, with regard to the working capital cycle, yes, there has been an improvement from the 
150 to 170 days. We are close to in this quarter from in a moved down from 155 in the previous 
quarter to this quarter of about 147 days on a consol basis. And we expect to move around as 
indicated in the last call also. We expect, we could be at on 135, though it would be great if we 
are able to do 130. 
Siddharth Jain: 
Got it. And just one last thing, if you could also share the split between new products and existing 
products from a sales value, like out of those INR467 crores, what is the sales value split across 
the two? 
Narayan Iyer: 
I do not have exact details off hand. So, my request is if you could just email to me your question, 
I know I will be in a better position to answer the split between old and new products. So, you 
are asking me on the sales of Galaxmusk, Camphor and Prionyl. Is that the split that you are 
looking at? 
Siddharth Jain: 
Correct. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Okay. I think I have not kept that offhand ready. I will try to pass it on to you. Request is to send 
me an email, please. 

 
 
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Siddharth Jain: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that would be the last question for 
today. And I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Ashwini Shah: 
Thank you, Manav. Thank you everyone for joining us in this earnings call. We appreciate your 
time and showing interest in our company. The ethos of this organization revolves around the 
key core values which has been embedded over the years. This is not an effort of four or five 
people, but a dedication, hard work and sweat of thousand plus employees who are creating a 
building block for the organization at the ground level. 
On this forum, I would like to thank each and every member of Privi for their share support, 
trust and dedication. The organization is governed and managed by professionals who are having 
more than an average of 20 years of experience with requisite qualification and their domain 
expertise. The entire team continues to work on creating additional growth opportunities on the 
waste to value journey. As you walk and live through each day, aromas from Privi touch your 
life with fragrances that create memories. 
 
We will maintain our growth momentum without compromising on our core values and quality. 
We thank everyone again. In case of any queries, you can get in touch with us or SGA, our 
investor relation advisors. We look forward to meeting all of you over the next call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
