Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala,  
Bengaluru-560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com 
  August 19, 2024 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227, 974728, 974820 & 975101 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 13, 2024 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) 
Regulations, 2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 13, 2024, 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended as on June 30, 2024. 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
(https://www.happiestminds.com/investors). 
This is for your information and records. 
 Thanking you, 
   Yours faithfully, 
   For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 
DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
DARSHANKAR PRAVEEN KUMAR 
Date: 2024.08.19 14:59:24 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Ashok Soota – Executive Chairman  
 
Mr. Joseph Anantharaju – Executive Vice Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer – Product & Digital Engineering 
Services  
 
Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan – Managing Director and Chief 
Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Rajiv Shah – Executive Director & Member of 
Executive Board 
 
Mr. Ram Mohan – President and Chief Executive Officer – 
Infrastructure Management and Security Services  
 
Mr. Sunil Gujjar – Head of Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
Mr. Smit Shah – Adfactors PR 
 
 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Smit Shah from Adfactors PR, Investor Relations. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
Smit Shah 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today on the 
Q1 FY 2025 earning con call of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited. Today, we have with us 
Mr. Ashok Soota, Executive chairman; Mr. Joseph Anantharaju, Executive Vice Chairman & 
CEO – Product & Digital Engineering Services; Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan, Managing 
Director and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajiv Shah, Executive Director and member of 
Executive Board; Mr. Ram Mohan, President and CEO – Infrastructure Management and 
Security Services; Mr. Aurobinda Nanda, President & COO – Product & Digital Engineering 
Services; Mr. Sridhar Mantha, President & CEO – Generative AI Business Services; Mr. Sunil 
Gujjar, Head of Investor Relations. 
 
With this, I would now hand over to Mr. Sunil for Safe Harbor statement and to take the 
proceedings forward. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Sunil Gujjar 
Thank you, Smit. Good morning to all participants in the call. Welcome to this conference call 
to discuss the financial results for the first quarter ended June 30, 2024. I'm Sunil, Head of 
Investor Relations. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the earnings release which 
we issued yesterday evening. 
Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Ashok will begin the call by sharing his 
perspectives on the business environment and our results. Venkat, Joseph will then speak about 
financial and operational highlights, after which we will have the floor open for Q&A. 
 
Before I hand over, let me begin with the Safe Harbor statement. During the call, we could make 
forward-looking statements. These statements consider the environment we see as of today and 
carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results could be different. We do 
not undertake to update those statements periodically. 
 
Now, let me pass it on to Ashok. 
Ashok Soota 
Thank you, Sunil. A very good morning to all participants in this call. I'm pleased to share with 
you that the current quarter has been a transformational quarter for Happiest Minds. Not only 
that, it has laid the foundation for making FY 2025 our best ever year since the IPO in absolute 
terms. We have begun the year with yet again industry-leading performance on both top line 
growth and sustaining our margins above the guidance for seventeen quarters in a row. I will 
leave Venkat to provide you the specific numbers. 
 
The reason I call the reported quarter and the year as transformational is because of three 
significant milestones for Happiest Minds.  

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
• 
Our Generative AI business unit has had a great start. With universal recognition now of the 
importance of Gen AI, we are eyeing towards long-term leadership in this critical technology. I 
will let Joseph give some more color on how we intend to achieve this.  
• 
Second, the reorganization of the Company with the industry groups as profit centers has taken 
off and has enabled us to be thought leaders in providing domain-specific solutions and services 
to our customers. Each of these industry groups will be an engine of growth for long-term 
success of Happiest Minds.  
• 
Third, and the most important is that we closed two significant acquisitions. PureSoftware of 
significant size and Aureus, a company which has got deep capabilities in reinsurance space. 
These developments will propel the growth of this fiscal to our best years since IPO in absolute 
terms. 
 
I am happy to share that we have expanded our Board of Directors to include Mittu Sridhara and 
Rajiv Shah. Mittu is one of the most strategic minds I've known for many years, and he is a 
seasoned executive, renowned for his strategic acumen in the technology sector and brings in 
extensive experience in steering market-leading technology companies. Rajiv Shah, who has 
been a key leader at Happiest Minds as a member of the Executive Board is now inducted to the 
Board of Directors. Rajiv has played an important role in driving the expansion of the Company's 
digital business unit over the past four years. The induction of Mittu and Rajiv will add 
considerable depth to the Board's expertise. With these additions, Happiest Minds Board of 
Directors now comprises eight members. 
 
Moving on to other updates. I am happy to also share with you that during the reported quarter, 
Happiest Minds won the CNBC TV18's India Risk Management Award for 2024. Being 
honoured at such a prestigious platform is a validation of our commitment over the years to plan 
and execute on best practices and risk management.  
Our Happiest Minds are an integral part of our business. And our systems, policies and practices 
are crafted to foster an open culture, enabling our people to discover their potential and 
participate in shaping their own work-life experience. Over the years, we have been recognized 
on people-first initiatives on many forums. During the reported quarter, we were recognized as 
only one amongst top 30 Future Ready Workplaces of India by Fortune® India.  
A few of you have written to me inquiring why you have sold some of my Happiest Minds 
shares, particularly since the Company has been delivering industry-leading results and we have 
projected FY 2025 to be our best year since the IPO in absolute terms. This was done primarily 
to fund my other two institutions: SKAN, a not-for-profit medical research trust and Happiest 
Health. Both required investments to fund their growth as they are on their way to become 
greater institutions. 
 
In the past I have also mentioned that I will not permit my shareholding in Happiest Minds to 
go below 40%. The current sale has brought my shareholding down to about 45%. And I do not 
expect to make any further sale in the next two to four years. I have also exchanged a mail with 
the shareholders explaining this reasoning. I'm happy to tell you that I've received over 500 
replies and I'm delighted at this engagement with our shareholders. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
In closing, let me assure you that my commitment to you, the shareholders and investors and 
Happiest Minds is unwavering and I remain confident of achieving our vision of achieving our 
billion-dollar revenue goal by 2031. 
 
With this, I conclude my commentary. And over to you, Venkat. 
Venkatraman Narayanan I am happy to share that we have delivered exceptional performance with revenues of US $ 55.5 
Million for the quarter which is a growth of 10.9% Q-o-Q and 16.8% Y-o-Y. Now that number 
in constant currency is even better at 11.4% Q-o-Q growth and 17.8% Y-o-Y. 
The growth is a combination of our organic growth engine with a strong impetus from our 
recently concluded acquisitions. We reported a total income of ₹ 489 crores, which is a growth 
of 20.6% from the previous year.  
As a result of the reorganization, our investor presentation and fact sheet have undergone a few 
changes.  
• 
We are now calling out our Generative AI business services or GBS revenues separately. 
The GBS BU revenues include AI services, which is embedded in our revenues from the 
analytics and terms of excellence.  
• 
We now have Product and Digital Engineering Services (PDES) as a new BU formed by the 
merger of the erstwhile Product Engineering Services (PES) and Digital Business Services 
(DBS) into Product & Digital Engineering Services (PDES) . 
 
Revenues of PureSoftware and Aureus have been consolidated into the PDES business, and they 
have been consolidated with effective May 22 and May 24, 2024, respectively. Our results 
include 40 days of PureSoftware and 38 days of Aureus. PureSoftware has taken us into new 
markets of APAC and Africa, while Aureus takes us into Hyderabad. These new markets that 
have come through acquired businesses have also been shown in our fact sheet. 
 
Coming to the other financial metrics. We reported an EBITDA of ₹ 117 crores, which is 23.9% 
of total income and has shown a growth of 13.3% Y-o-Y and 7.8% Q-o-Q. We continue to 
maintain our good margin profile, which includes the acquisitions and by influencing the levers 
available to us like utilization and other operational efficiencies. 
We also continue to make investments in new technology areas and the new BU of GBS. We 
reported an operating profit, which we define as EBITDA, excluding other income at 19.8% of 
revenue. This is similar to the previous quarters, at ₹92 crores, this metric showed a Q-o-Q 
growth of 9.6% and Y-o-Y growth of 2.4%. 
 
A question that comes up from our results is the drop in our PBT and PAT. During the quarter 
coming out of the two acquisitions from an accounting standpoint, we have taken significant 
increases on account of two non-cash charges and one cash charge. The non-cash charges are 
amortization of intangibles and unwinding interest cost on deferred payments. The one-time cash 
charge is acquisition-related costs. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
The non-cash charges of amortization and intangible show an increase of ₹ 6.8 crores and ₹ 1.5 
crores, respectively.  
 
We also had a one-time acquisition related cost of ₹ 6.4 crores. This is a real one-time cost and 
a cash charge which will not repeat. On top of this, we also had an exceptional write-back of ₹ 
13 crores in the previous quarter. So, if you consider the ₹13 crores of exceptional write-back in 
the previous quarter, take it along with the cash charge of the ₹ 6.5 crores of acquisition cost, we 
are talking about a swing of ₹20 crores on account of one-time exceptional costs. If one were to 
adjust for these costs, our PBT would have been similar to that of the previous quarters in 
absolute terms. 
 
Coming to certain other metrics. We have improved our DSO from 87 to 84 days. Cash on our 
books is about ₹1,560 crores. This is after considering upfront payments of PureSoftware and 
Aureus, which have been funded through a combination of internal accruals and overdraft 
facilities that we have availed on our fixed deposits. Cash expended on payment of upfront 
consideration for the two acquisitions was about ₹ 712 crores. We continue to report solid cash 
conversion ratios and our free cash conversion was at about ₹ 116 crores and almost equal to 
100% of our EBITDA. 
 
Return on capital metrics of ROCE and ROE are at 22.4% and 13.9%, respectively. These ratios 
are expected to gradually move up as the benefits of consolidation of the acquired entities start 
to trickle in. Including PureSoftware and Aureus, Happiest Minds is now 6,600 strong with a 
strong net addition of 1,431. These numbers also include 112 campus hires that we made during 
the quarter. Our gender diversity ratio stands at 27.7%. Attrition on a trailing 12-month basis 
has dropped to 13.5% from the 16.6% in the previous year. We expect these numbers to trend at 
these levels. 
 
Our utilization for the quarter has edged up to 78.2% compared to 75.1% in Q1. Here I would 
like to say there was a significant influence of both PureSoftware and Aureus which have a 
reasonably good utilization numbers when compared to Happiest Minds. Utilization in the next 
quarter is expected to trend a little lower, considering the campus joiners and also we have got 
lesser number of billing days. 
There is a Non Convertible Debenture (NCD) press release that you would have seen that we 
are planning to raise non-convertible debentures. We have taken an in-principle approval from 
the Board to raise up to ₹ 250 crores through a combination of NCD and term loans. These NCDs 
will be short-term debt instruments, and we have been tapping this route to raise funds for 
general corporate purposes and as these come at an attractive effective yield. 
 
On the M&A part, we had a great start to the year with the two acquisitions that we talked about. 
Both the acquired companies are excellent businesses which have complemented our capabilities 
and strengthened our presence in the BFSI and Healthcare vertical. They've also taken us to the 
new markets. An integration team is in place which is working with an immediate imperative of 
realizing operational synergies with the acquired entities. We are very optimistic that these 
efforts will start yielding positive results in the coming quarters. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Guidance or forecast for the rest of the year or quarter. My perspective is our growth for this 
quarter has shown significant acceleration from the previous year. This momentum should 
continue as we progress through the fiscal and we believe we are headed for a strong growth in 
absolute terms. Effective 1st July, in line with our regular appraisal cycle, we have rolled out our 
yearly pay increases, which will have an impact of about 250 to 280 basis points on our margins. 
Q2 will also be slightly impacted due to the lesser number of working days. Interestingly, we 
are one of the very few companies who have gone ahead with the pay increases, while we have 
seen the others making announcements or delaying those cycles. We continue to maintain our 
forecast on EBITDA of between 20% to 22% in the medium term. 
 
With this, I conclude my commentary. Over to you, Joseph. 
Joseph Anantharaju 
Thank you, Venkat. Good morning to all participants in the call. I'm very excited to present to 
you the results for the first quarter of the new fiscal. Our growth this quarter has accelerated. 
And as Ashok alluded, we are on course to achieve our best performance this fiscal since our 
IPO. 
The reorganization of our industry groups as profit centers which is effective the 1st of April has 
started giving us positive outcomes and to begin with, cohesive teams of sales, delivery, and 
domain members within each industry group have increased customer focus and are building on 
approval, land and expand strategy by focusing on account development plans to expand our 
footprint in each of these accounts. 
 
We have 279 active customers and the average revenue per customer has increased to US 
$840,000 which is a testament to this strategy of land and expand that we've adopted. The 
number of customers which give us more than $ 1 million in revenues has increased to a total of 
58 and we work with 65 billion-dollar corporations, a good increase over the previous quarter. 
Let me share some noteworthy wins during the quarter, which are both with existing accounts 
and in new logos. At Happiest Minds, we use our engineering pedigree and vibrant product 
innovation culture to help build platforms that are primed to meet the needs of the business today 
and tomorrow. During the quarter for a U.S. based provider of sustainable solutions, Happiest 
Minds was chosen to enhance their data platform and visualization by providing data driven, 
actionable, and compelling information for decision makers.  
We help our Healthcare customers build an integrated ecosystem to support the entire continuum 
of care from pre-hospitalization to post discharge. Happiest Minds has been supporting 
Healthcare providers in personalizing interactions, generating insights to facilitate care, enabling 
semantic data exchange and reducing administrative workloads. During the reported quarter for 
a USA-based professional board in the Healthcare sector, Happiest Minds was chosen as a 
strategic partner to migrate to a cloud-based CRM solution. 
 
Our IMSS business unit has delivered a great performance in the quarter. Our customers trust us 
to support, maintain and protect their mission-critical systems. Our strong capabilities across 
cloud, data center, digital workspace, and enterprise networking, coupled with strong 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
partnerships across leading platform providers has helped us position as a preferred partner for 
our customers in digital assets. 
For a USA-based professional organization of emergency Healthcare providers, the strategic 
multi-year cybersecurity engagement entails Happiest Minds, providing managed security 
services to prevent, detect, and respond to cybersecurity incidents. Our solutions in 
cybersecurity's Zero Trust access offers a paradigm shift in how organizations approach security 
in hybrid work culture. 
 
I'm happy to report that in the reported quarter for a largest professional clearing member in 
India, Happiest Minds has been chosen to provide managed security services and Security 
Operations Center (SoC) services.  
In the reported quarter, we launched a complete 360 degree IT managed service offering, 
Happiest Minds' WATCH360 designed specifically to help organizations manage their IT 
environment effortlessly powered by ELLIPSE, our AI-influenced platform. We believe the 
solution has immense potential to positively impact our customers' infrastructure and help them 
build a robust and secure environment. 
 
Our new Gen AI business unit has got off to a flying start, with reported revenues of $855,000 
during the quarter. Our customers are leveraging the promise of Gen AI to drive productivity 
enhancements, realize new revenue streams and drive automation efficiencies. Knowledge-
based processes, customer success, intelligent conversations through content, making sense of 
document repositories and software engineering are some of the key use cases which we're 
seeing for application of Gen AI. We are currently having about 50-plus conversations with 
customers and prospects, and we have completed 15 proof of concepts (PoC) during the quarter. 
 
Rapid acceleration and adoption of Gen AI across our customer base has resulted in a pipeline 
of opportunities doubling in just six months. We have also been leveraging a strong partnership 
with Microsoft to make roads into some of these conversations and engagements.  
Some of the customers we are working with in this space are leaders in the adoption of Gen AI. 
Take for example for the world's leading beverage maker, Happiest Minds is enhancing their 
sales process through a Generative AI-enabled chat bot for actionable intelligence and decision 
making. The work on Gen AI for this customer comes with a backdrop of another engagement 
where we have delivered impactful outcomes using an intelligent automation solutions across 
20 different processes. 
 
I'm happy to share that over 75% of our workforce is already trained in Gen AI tools and we 
hope to cover the entire workforce in couple of quarters. As a digital company, we leveraged 
Gen AI in our own functions like HR, Legal and Talent Acquisitions, building further depth in 
this technology. Our model is now able to match resumes with job description and enable to 
sharpen the recruitment lifecycle by 30% to 40%. 
 
Coming to acquisitions, we began the year with two back-to-back acquisitions, which has put us 
back to the growth trajectory of achieving $1 billion revenues by FY 2031. PureSoftware and 
Aureus have given us deep expertise and strong impetus to our growth story in Financial 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Services, Healthcare and the reinsurance segments. The BFSI and Healthcare and life science 
verticals because of these acquisitions are now in the top three industry groups for us with 
revenue contribution of 17% and 16%, respectively. PureSoftware has also got us into new 
markets of Southeast Asia and Africa, while adding a nearshore center in Mexico. 
Aureus has a strong brand recall in the reinsurance space with access to the largest reinsurance 
company in the world as a key customer along with customers in the elective Healthcare 
segment. The teams on both sides are very excited to partner and have made much progress in 
establishing process around sales, GTM and driving delivery excellence across the larger 
Happiest Minds group. As Venkat alluded, integration is underway and making good progress 
and we are spending time with the leadership of these companies, which include delivery heads, 
sales leaders and support functions to harmonize our shared vision and get more business 
leverage in terms of cross-selling our domain and our industry groups and Centre of Excellence 
(CoE) and our practices are very actively engaged with the sales team of both PureSoftware and 
Aureus, while the sales team of Happiest Minds are leveraging the domain capabilities of the 
PureSoftware and Aureus team in various conversations. 
We already have multiple conversations with customers and prospects with a few joint ones. I'm 
happy to report that in the quarter PureSoftware has been selected by leading American 
multinational investment bank to drive their digital transformation program. Recently, 
PureSoftware's Arttha banking platform was awarded Best Banking-as-a-Service Platform of the 
Year at the 14th Africa Bank 4.0 Summit. We are very excited by the potential of this platform 
holds to take our IP business to the next level. 
 
Let me now share my views on the current demand environment. Our sustained growth is on the 
premise of resilience and agility of our business model and we will continue to be laser-focused 
on our clients' needs and quickly adapt to market conditions. We continue to further our presence 
across our customer base with a land and expand strategy. With customers being careful about 
their spend and seeking very targeted interventions for better ROI and investment, our ability to 
identify these priorities and quickly pivot is very critical. In response to the demand environment 
and market challenges, customers too are calibrating their approach, and we are seeing more 
restructuring and reorganizing the customer organization. With our agility and agile approach, 
as well as the recently announced Industry Group structure, we are taking consultative approach 
adopting a high touch approach to account management, being attentive to customers' needs and 
making investments to strengthen relationships which are allowing us to expand our footprint. 
 
With this, I conclude my prepared commentary, and we can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Just for the benefit of the audience, while you did allude to the number of days of consolidation 
of PureSoftware and the other acquisition that you made. It would be great to get absolute 
numbers in terms of contribution from these entities. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
The second question was with regards to the comment that you made around certain one-off 
write-backs that you had in Q4. Just try to confirm if that was called out as a gain in Q4 and 
what does it pertain to? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Yes. We had called this out as a separate line item. That was about ₹13 crores of write-back on 
account of unwinding of an acquisition payout.  You make a provision for that and you don't 
make a payout, the credit if any comes through the P&L. So that was about ₹13 crores which 
came through Q4 financial and in the Q1 financials, ₹6.5 crores of acquisition-related cost, which 
in the early days, we could capitalize, no longer under IndAS has hit our P&L as a non-recurring 
expense. So, between the credit of ₹13 crores and debit of ₹6 crores in the current quarter, we 
are at about ₹20 crores expense, and we had called this out as an exceptional item in our 
financials.  
Manik Taneja: 
Venkat, also just some sense on the contribution of acquisitions in the current quarter? You 
called out the number of days but, would be great to get the absolute contribution. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: So, we discuss about EBITDA and operating margin. EBITDA is at about 23.9% compared to 
24.5% last quarter and 25.5% same quarter last year. If you take out the other income that 
number is at about 19.8% compared to about 20% in Q4 and it was slightly higher, 20.6% if I'm 
right in Q1 of last year. So that's the operating income, EBITDA without other income. 
Manik Taneja: 
I was looking for the revenue contribution of the two acquisitions that were made because when 
I'm looking at your standalone numbers, those numbers still appear to be soft and that's why I 
was just looking to get absolute contribution of the two acquisitions for the quarter. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: We have only talked about consolidated growth. Now, the standalone numbers, for example, 
don't reflect SMI numbers, which is growing significantly, which is an acquisition that we did 
last year. And the growth is coming out of the work that we are doing with the client. The 
integrated approach to their customer, Happiest Minds customer. Macmillan, for example is an 
organic growth. It got structured as an acquisition. So unfortunately, that also does not come into 
the standalone numbers. 
PureSoftware, we have only 40 days of revenues, but we were working very closely with the 
management, both PureSoftware and Aureus at the beginning of the quarter even before the deal 
was inked in terms of cross sell opportunities. It's becoming quite a complex scenario to pull out 
organic, inorganic, but both put together we are doing 17.8% Y-o-Y growth and Q-o-Q of 11.4%. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
The approach we are taking is to prioritize market and opportunities and business and we are 
encouraging the sales team to leverage capabilities we have on both sides. So, right before the 
announcement of the acquisition we had enabled knowledge sharing sessions where we had 
teams, especially the Happiest Minds practices, COEs and domains present are offering them 
capabilities and start working on Request for Proposals (RFP), on proposals, on customer 
discussions. 
We also started leveraging talent pool. We've enabled mechanisms for PureSoftware and Aureus 
to reach out and get people who are available or even who can be made available to kickstart 
engagements. So, we want to look at this as one revenue stream. 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. And just clarification with regards to full year outlook that we shared after Q4. I hope that 
stays intact, both on growth and margins. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Okay, there is a slight correction. I had used the word forecast because we weren't sure about 
the closing date and I was estimating that we will close sometime in the first week of April, but 
unfortunately discussions and documentation went on and slipped. And it went on till end of 
May. Basis, my estimate of the first week of April, we had said 35% to 40% in terms of forecast 
for the revenue growth, but now it is 30% to 35%. 
As far as EBITDA is concerned, I had talked about 20% to 22%. Now that we have closed the 
transaction and we are seeing through the flow through costs and the benefits that we can get 
from the transaction, we have done 23.9% for this quarter. And so 20% to 22% on EBITDA 
number continues. As far as the top line is concerned, I'm still holding it, calling it as a forecast. 
It is 30% to 35%, and primarily because of the loss of number of days of consolidation that we 
had. 
Ashok Soota: 
You may also want to mention the absolute revenue growth we are expecting whereby we are 
saying that this will be our best ever quarter.  
Venkatraman Narayanan: At 30%, it would be upwards of $53 million. We closed last year at about $196 million. So at 
30%, at the lower end of the range that I'm giving, we should grow in the range $50 million - 
$52 million. 
Manik Taneja: 
If you can elaborate on the near-term outlook, you alluded to the lower number of working days 
coming into July, August, September. 
Venkatraman Narayanan: That is more from the standpoint of quarter-on-quarter variation, rather than anything. So, that's 
got nothing to do with what we are holding out as a guidance or a forecast for the year. That's 
more from a quarter-on-quarter basis. As far as the pay increase is concerned, that's something 
we knew, but the industry is behaving differently or the other participants are displaying multiple 
different approaches to that pay increase. 
Many of them have deferred it. Many of them are not even talking about it. But we have gone 
ahead and what we committed we have continued to pay, keeping in line with our own culture 
and the way we are doing business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
The change from 35% to 40% for FY 2025 coming down to 30% to 35%, is this only during the 
timing of PureSoftware and Aureus or is this organic growth which you see to be lower basis 
the near term outlook? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Largely, it is only that. But as you come closer, you will see 1% - 2% here and there adjustments.  
Apurva Prasad: 
On the service lines, could you explain why there is some weakness in the analytics in AI and 
security solutions, especially when the GBS unit seems to be tracking well? 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
If you look at PureSoftware and Aureus, more of the revenues come from digital infrastructure 
and applications. They have less of analytics AI and security. And that's the reason you see these 
going down as a percentage of revenues. But at an absolute level, all of these service lines have 
grown. And if you look at conversely, this is a selling opportunity, the IMSS business unit is 
very closely engaged with both Aureus and Puresoftware on some of their existing customers to 
cross-sell infrastructure and security solutions. 
 
Another two areas that they're tapping very aggressively around the automation, both business 
plus Robotic Process Automation (RPA), as well as on test automation and on the analytics and 
AI side where we have strong Centers of Excellence (CoE). Absolute numbers have grown for 
these service lines. As a percentage, it's come down because PureSoftware and Aureus have 
lesser revenues from these streams. It also affords us a cross-selling opportunity that we are 
actively working on. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Would the addition in the F 2000 customers, would that all be inorganic coming in PureSoftware 
and Aureus? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
It's a mix, actually. As you would have seen from the press release, we've reported quite a few 
logo wins as case studies. So, it's a mixture of inorganic and organic. 
Ashok Soota: 
You should appreciate that this is really the first quarter for GBS. So, many of the things we are 
doing now are like discovery projects or proofs of concept. These will move in subsequent 
quarters into the final projects that we're going to execute. And to that extent, you'll begin to see 
those numbers even on a percentage basis, beginning to change from quarter-to-quarter. 
Apurva Prasad: 
I had another one on the top account, which has come back to growth after three quarters. Any 
outlook that you can provide there? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
The Higher-Ed space has been a little challenging and these customers in the Higher-Ed space, 
though they are a little bit more oriented towards professional development and they have 
stabilized in the last three quarters and we expect this to continue and as now that they have reset 
their technology investment as and when they get growth or they make acquisitions, we expect 
that this will lead to growth in this account. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Right. On margins, you called out the headwinds for next quarter, but with all the pluses and 
minuses, do you think lower end of the band which you have given out that can be defended? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: We should be within the 20% to 22% EBITDA Margin and better than the lower end.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit from Adezi Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Ankit: 
So, on the net profit, you called out aspects for one-time charges for this quarter. But if I look at 
overall for this complete year, do we think we can deliver growth on the net profit line over the 
course of say the entire FY 2025? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: The point I would like to look at in the year of any acquisition, see we looked at many other 
companies. It takes about at least two, three quarters for these one-time costs or amortization of 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
intangibles, unwinding of interest. These kind of accounting costs, as I call it, to get completely 
recouped from the business growth, it takes about one or two or three quarters. 
So, we should be back to that kind of a number back to our typical PBT numbers, hopefully in 
about two to three quarters. That's assuming that all goes well with the growth of the acquired 
companies and our own organic growth. 
 
As we grow larger, we should also look at the profit growth in absolute terms, cash EPS growth 
and return on capital employed as metric, because sometimes getting stuck with this percentage 
of net profit could mean that we don't make investments at the right time. Our financials also 
include about a $1.5 million of investment that we made into GBS BU. So, if one were to not 
make those investments at the right time, we will not be able to grow in the future. 
Allowances for those investments and these accounting costs, long term is to make sure that the 
acquired companies bring in the efficiencies and start performing at similar levels or better levels 
than what it was with the acquisition. Which is why I talk about EBITDA as a metric and impact 
this time onwards, I have also even taken out the other income part, talking about operating 
margin, because that really shows you the health of the business. 
Ankit: 
Thank you. And secondly, I've just been coming across some advertising by competitors like 
EPAM, which are hiring very aggressively in the Indian market, have seemed to be hiring in the 
Indian market. Is an increase in competitive intensity something that you kind of seen on ground 
and is that something that we should be looking out for? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
We really have not seen much of competitive intensity from some of our similar size or slightly 
larger brethren. But what we are seeing is more of the Global Capability Centres or GCCs getting 
established. And this has been a trend for the last 10-15 years, and it's something that we are 
working into our strategy. 
Ankit: 
Just following up from the earlier commentary that this time we are not including the other 
income in the operating margin. So, just for our clarification, what would be the operating 
margin guidance that we're giving of 20% to 22%? Does this not include the other income 
altogether? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: The guidance or the forecast that I'm talking is about EBITDA of 20% to 22%. Just to give you 
the health of the business, I removed the other income and gave you this number of operating 
margin, which is EBITDA minus other income, which is 19.8%. So, we are still holding on to 
EBITDA of 20% to 22% with other income. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinivas Sampath, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Srinivas Sampath: 
Venkat, this is regarding your NCD proposal that you have put and you said you're going to raise 
around ₹250 crores. Is it additional debt that is coming on or is it that the replacement of all the 
overdraft you said you took on fixed deposits? 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
And the second thing is in your revenue, since you closed the two acquisitions around the end 
of May, this month would have probably captured only 34 days of revenue. So, do you expect 
the revenues to be a lot higher considering that you will have full three months for the newly 
acquired entities? 
 
And the last point is on the sale, this is for Mr. Ashok Soota. Appreciate that you needed to sell 
for investing in your new business. 
What was quite disappointing was that the explanation of that did not come immediately after 
the sale and it took a lot of time by which most of the business channels had characterized it as 
the promoter reducing the stake and causing phenomenal damage to the stock price and yet your 
explanation came quite great.  
Venkatraman Narayanan: The next quarter will have 90 days for the full quarter impact on account of PureSoftware and 
Aureus. Second is on the NCD program. So, we already have ₹125 crores of NCD at a certain 
rate which is treasury linked plus a percentage of increase on top of the treasury linked rate. 
We will replace that or we'll replace the working capital lines, because the rate of interest is 
currently at a much competitive rate, as our credit profile is improving and we are also having 
other avenues to put this money to use. It'll be used to replace the existing debt and it's also 
important to keep a supply of debt in the market because that keeps our papers available, tradable 
in the debt market that gives you an avenue tomorrow to raise capital, if required, for any 
acquisitions. But right now, we are not doing this for acquisition, but this is just to replace the 
existing debt. When you talk about any line of credit, a line of credit comes at a cost of about 
0.75% of commitment cost. In India, we don't have this concept of line of credit. You only get 
a letter of intent, but nobody gives you a line of credit like in the U.S. markets. Instead of having 
a line of credit, what we do is we raise this money and you deploy it into something like a fixed 
investment, fixed deposit, and there is a gap of some 60-70 basis points which is the effective 
cost of that credit or line of credit available to you in case you need to do an acquisition or in 
case you need that to repay a certain line of credit or anything else. So that's the way we visualize 
NCDs. And you borrow when the rates are good and you take advantage of the market moments 
and the gyrations. Our interest cover ratio is improving, our debt coverage ratio is improving. 
Debt to equity formula is including working capital. But if you exclude that we are at a healthy 
0.3% - 0.4%. It brings in certain operating leverage into the Company. 
The post tax cost of this debt is worthwhile to make sure that that's used for capital formation in 
the new business like GBS that we are talking about. So, there is enough reason for borrowing 
decent amount at interest rates, which are compelling to make sure that you are investing that 
into business, which is giving you a lot higher internal rate of return or IRR. Our return on capital 
employed is 22% and on equity is 14%. So, return on capital employed is 22% means I'm able 
to generalize that kind of an IRR in the business from the money that I'm raising. 
Srinivas Sampath: 
Follow up is that now that you said that tempered the growth for the year to 30% to 35%. You 
would have a fair idea of this particular year is going to be a little difficult for us to just work 
out what could be the profit of the tax and all that. Would you have a ballpark figure of what 
would we end as earning per share by the end of the year? what would we end because last year 

 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
you ended with an earning per share of around ₹16.7. What would you probably end the year 
with? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Maybe after the Q2, we'll have a better fit on how this number looks like because typically what 
people do is analyze one quarter into four and give you a number. But with this quarter having 
one-offs, we should not make such an attempt. 
But if you take that, maybe an earnings per share of very similar to that of last year, maybe EPS 
is not the right metric during the formative years or the integration years. You should look at 
cash EPS because if I made ₹116 crores of EBITDA, almost ₹116 crores has dropped into my 
cash flows as cash balance. 
So that shows the health of the Company and the operations. My DSO has improved. My 
working capital ratios have improved. The business metrics have all improved. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit from Adezi Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Ankit: 
Hi. Considering that the EBITDA margins this quarter are a little lower than the same quarter 
last year. I do understand PureSoftware is a 40 day integration. But even if I look at it, from a 
90-day perspective, do we feel the confidence that PureSoftware is actually EPS accretive and 
also that it has a similar or a higher margin profile to our organic business or can we expect a 
compression in margins when that comes? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: Smaller companies don't keep the kind of cash that slightly larger companies like us do so. If 
they were working on a 19%-19.8% margin without the other income, which is very similar in 
terms of margin profile with us. Other than the slight lumpiness because of the product business, 
they have got a good margin profile and I don't think there's a huge compression risk on account 
of PureSoftware and we have to, in fact, improve on their margin profile because though 
integrations are required of cost integration benefits that have come out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sunil Gujjar for his closing comments. 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to hearing from you again. You can reach out 
to us on ir@happiestminds.com. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you 
 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. 
