 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited (Formerly Edelweiss Securities Limited) 
Corporate Identity Number:  L67110MH1993PLC344634 
Registered Office: 801- 804, Wing A, Building No. 3, Inspire BKC, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East,  
Mumbai – 400 051 • Tel No. +91 22 6620 3030 • secretarial@nuvama.com  • nuvama.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NWML/SEC/2025/56 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 543988 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: NUVAMA 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Madam(s), 
 
Subject: - Transcript of earnings conference call 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our earlier intimation dated 
July 19, 2024, regarding the earnings conference call to discuss the Company’s performance 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
aforesaid earnings conference call held on Monday, July 29, 2024. 
 
The same is also made available on the website of the Company www.nuvama.com 
 
We wish to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / discussed 
in the aforesaid earnings conference call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Nuvama Wealth Management Limited  
(formerly known as Edelweiss Securities Limited) 
 
 
 
Sneha Patwardhan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
Sneha Amit 
Patwardha
n
Digitally signed by 
Sneha Amit 
Patwardhan 
Date: 2024.08.02 
18:52:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
  
“Nuvama Wealth Management Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer:  
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / omitted due to 
human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the 
company by the reader. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH KEHAIR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NUVAMA WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT KALSI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NUVAMA WEALTH MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH DHANUKA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– NUVAMA WEALTH MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – NUVAMA 
WEALTH MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nuvama Wealth Management Limited Q1 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth Management. As a reminder, all 
participants live will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Kehair, MD and CEO from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Kehair: 
Thank you, Deepika. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all and thank you for joining us 
today to discuss the financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 25. I have alongside with 
me Bharat, our Group CFO. This is his first call. Manish, our Head of Investor Relations and the 
SGA team our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
I'll start with my opening remarks and then we'll hand over to Bharat to detail our financial 
performance and then we can jump over to the Q&A session. For easy reference, this time we've 
emailed all our results to most of you, the presentation and the data book also. These documents 
are also available in the disclosures with the stock exchanges and our website under the Investor 
Relations tab. 
 
Hope you got a chance to look through it over the weekend. We've added some more slides to 
give some more color around the business. I'll start with a bit of macro. I think two big events 
are now behind us, both elections and budget. So the focus will be on the economic growth, 
global macro and the geopolitical situation. I think U.S. election being the most important. But 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
we are confident that in any situation, India will remain relatively better positioned. Economic 
and business performance will continue to be better, driving the growth of wealth. So from a 
macro perspective, we don't see any worries about India as such. 
 
Jumping to our results now, I'll briefly summarize the business-wise outlook and share the 
progress we are making against strategic priorities in each of the businesses. Overall, I think we 
had a good quarter. All the businesses performed well. 
 
Most of the input metrics which essentially we focus on are trending in the right direction. We 
continue to grow our sales capacity, our client relationships, client assets and our market share. 
We reported a revenue of about INR 668 crores for the quarter, an increase of about 60% over 
last year, same time, and an operating PAT of INR 221 crores, which is an increase of about 
133% over the same period. 
 
I'm also pleased to announce, as you guys keep asking all the time, our first dividend of INR 290 
crores. This is approximately around 50% of last year's profit. Now coming to wealth 
management, I think Q1 continues to see strong flows around our focus areas. 
 
Our differentiated platform is working really well. The industry continues to evolve. I think 
multiple forces are at play, growing wealth, emergence of new geographies, specifically beyond 
Tier 1, which I keep saying, with both HNI and Ultra HNI, changing customer preferences, and 
the increase in product suite and complexity with more regulatory focus and leading to 
technology disruptions. 
 
In our assessment, these forces will drive consolidation and continue to do the movement from 
unorganized to organized. And over a period of time, I think business models will have to 
transform and become more platform-led with universal wallet approach of the customers rather 
than being monoline and offering few products, because that kind of a model is extremely 
exposed to regulatory risks. As we all know, any kind of regulation change can happen in any 
single product line, which can disrupt your whole model. 
 
Therefore, we've chosen to build a multi-product, multi-channel, multi-customer segment 
model, which is working well for us. And over a period of time, the scale, the presence, and the 
franchise we've built, I think will help to grow this business consistently. Coming to our wealth 
cluster, the first business, Nuvama Wealth, I'll speak about the focus areas here. 
 
We continue to add capacity and grow the relationship management pool. Last 12 months, we've 
added about 350 RMs, and in Q1, more than 60 RMs. I also want to say that, as I mentioned last 
time, that as we scale in this order and magnitude, it is of utmost importance that processes are 
institutionalized, and not only the advisory process, about which I'll talk about later on the 
technology stuff which we are doing, but also the entire talent management, learning and 
development and the sales cycle management. I think all of this has to work seamlessly to be 
able to be able to get this kind of a workforce inside and make them productive in a reasonable 
period of time. On asset flows, managed products and investment solutions, which is MPIS, 
continues to remain our focus area. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
In Q1, we've garnered about INR 1,400 crores in net new money in MPIS. We've added this 
disclosure in the data book, additional disclosure. INR 1,400 crores is about 11% higher than 
the full FY24 quarterly average. 
 
And over the last 12 months, we've added about INR 4,700 crores, which is a 25% Y-o-Y growth 
on the starting base. And within NNM, I'm happy to state that NNM for managed products, the 
proportion of that is growing faster. That has grown about 40% year on year and now constitutes 
more than 70% of the entire NNM that is happening for the last two quarters. 
 
We expect this trend to continue, but there is an implication of this because most of the managed 
products now are annuity based. So we are building that book and the trail build out, as you 
understand, takes time. So in about two to three quarters or maybe three to four quarters, you 
will see that meaningful growth in the managed products income that will come by the 
accumulation of trail that is happening because of the addition of the book. 
 
On revenues in Nuvama Wealth, while the overall revenues have gone up, if you look at quarter 
on quarter, MPIS is down marginally about 2%. And I'd like to state that is largely because of 
the AIF revenue recognition impact. If we normalize that, the revenue growth in MPIS itself is 
about 20%. 
 
And quarter on quarter, actually, we don't see here because quarter four, sorry, Y-o-Y was minus 
2%, quarter on quarter is about 13%. And that's largely because of insurance because insurance 
is heavy on Q4. We all know it happens every year, it'll happen this year also. And therefore it 
gets normalized. And which also actually has a leading impact on yield. So you cannot really 
compare the yields in Q4 and Q1 because insurance does a bump up. 
 
And in this year, Q1, we had a significantly higher mark to market in brokerage assets. If you 
look at the entire mark to market number of last year versus this year, in Q1, the mark to market 
is about 50% of the absolute value of last year's full number of mark to market. If we normalize 
that, then Q1 yields actually inch up and are almost equal or higher to the Q4 yields. 
 
And cost income, Q1 is about 66%, Q4 was 68%. So there is a 200 basis points improvement 
there vis-a-vis last year, Q1, it was 64%, but not comparable because we added about 350 RMs 
after that. And if you take the impact of that growth cost and the revenues produced by those 
RM, it's actually 63%. So there's a 300 basis points reduction. I think we'll talk about this more 
during the Q&A session. 
 
As I said, on the technology side, we are investing heavily in this business, specifically around 
two areas. In my last call, if you would recollect, I had mentioned that we've launched a portfolio 
advisory tool, which we internally code name as MARS, multi-asset advisory tool, which is now 
in production, rolled out to the entire Salesforce, and is getting extremely good feedback because 
it's helping the field to engage better with the client, deliver more, I think, consistently, and 
achieve a personalization at scale. 
 
And second, I had mentioned that we are launching an internal platform, which is like a sales 
cycle, cum CRM, cum book management and activity management tool, which is called One 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Platform. Now it's available even on a mobile app to the entire Salesforce, and I think it will 
help them deliver their job better.  
Moving on to our Ultra HNI segment, Nuvama Private. I think the segment continues to see 
robust demand across not only tier one, across tier two, tier three, economic activity, corporate 
profitability, everything has a positive impact. And recently we saw the data that more than 50% 
of recognized startups in India are coming from tier two and tier three. This will lead to an 
unprecedented disposition of wealth in the hands of customers there. 
 
And the need for organized wealth management is only going to go up. I hope and wish that 
service providers like us are able to match up on the supply side. We continue to invest in 
capacity here also, about 15% to 18% have been added in the last 12 months. 
 
First quarter is normally slow in addition of capacity in this business, because typically the 
appraisal cycle ends around April, May, June, and people are reluctant to move because their 
whole year bonuses and all happen. So Q2 onwards activity will pick up and we have a decent 
pipeline Q2 onwards. But I want to state one point here, actually something which is a little 
disturbing in this segment is there is some kind of a FOMO happening. 
 
A lot of organizations are jumping into this business. Many traditional players are changing their 
nomenclature and moving into this business. And a sincere piece of advice to the world of 
relationship people that please do not make a movement to the highest bidder because when 
cycle adjusts, things do not go well and massive layoffs happen. 
 
And we've seen that play again and again in any sector that goes overboard. And therefore you 
should look at players who are serious, who have vintage, who have deep pockets, who have 
sustained cycles, and who have a platform that can deliver value to the customer.  
Overall, we've added about 200 families, taking the count of families to about 3,900. So 
customer acquisition remains robust. And the synergy with investment bank is working really 
well. About 40% of the relevant deal clients and 80% from a value perspective, the total value 
of deals which investment bank has done is now started working with Nuvama Private, and 
which is a reasonably good number. We'll continue to improve upon that.  
Coming on to flows ARR flows remain as a focus area for us. Q1 was the highest ever in terms 
of flows in ARR about INR 4,700 crores and out of that, happy to state that more than 93% is 
managed products which is a trend now we are seeing over the last two quarters.  
And if you see in the last 12 months the total flows here were about INR 11,200. In comparison, 
I think the transactional asset, we are largely seeing MTM and I'll talk about it a bit more, but 
again as I said in Nuvama wealth the implication of building the ARR flows especially in the 
area of managed products is that you'll see the trail build out happening gradually, but 
meaningfully.  
So, there will be some quarters where I mean we may get a little impatient, but I don't think we 
will digress from our strategy. There is a bit of depression in the transactional income in Q1 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
which is why the Q1 versus Q4 revenue looks slower, but Q2 onwards the transactional income 
will come back because there are opportunities in sell downs and unlisted shares and other 
products which are coming back in Q2 onwards.  
On the offshore build out, last time I'd mentioned that we are working in DIFC licensing and all, 
happy to state that all our approvals have come, our leadership is in place and about two to three 
relationship managers will be joining in the next 20 to 30 days and will be open for business. 
Coming to asset management, our AUM is now around INR 7,700 crores. We've added about 
INR 700 crores last quarter between new money and MTM and overall I think the target or the 
aspiration this year is to add about INR 3,500 to INR 4,000 crores across the multiple strategies 
which we have and because we've added new products like commercial real estate, we've added 
one more fund in our private equity space, which is Crossover 4, both for domestic and 
international investors. And we've added an absolute return fund which I'll talk about more.  
So, I think we now have the product pallet fully available and the sales engine is also firing. In 
the private markets the approach has been right now for the last 12 months on deployment. Now 
deployment momentum has picked up, so we will continue that and add to the new strategy 
which we have rolled out. Public markets, we have our two flagship products, Edge, which is a 
long shot fund. 
Now that's the largest in this category and in the top two performance figures always. So, we 
have a reasonable amount of demand now coming in from external distributors. And Nuvama 
absolute return fund is a fund which basically is a fixed income alternative. It targets pre-tax, 
pre-fees, a return of about 15% with no negative quarter. So, essentially after the debt mutual 
funds have gone to marginal slab-based taxation, I think there's a huge gap in that space and this 
product fills that space. So, we are extremely bullish on both these products. 
In the first quarter we saw sales of about INR 500 crores in this category and over the last 12 
months we've moved from INR 1,000 crores to INR 3,000 crores almost in terms of AUM here. 
Commercial real estate, our newest product is now picking up. I think in the next two quarters 
we'll be able to do our first close and also start the deployment. Capital markets, the uptrend 
actually continues. Extremely robust performance in Q1. Asset services we are seeing growth 
across client segments both in the international clients and the domestic clients. 
Domestic clients typically comprise of PMSs and AIF where we do their fund accounting, client 
onboarding and custody services. So it's somewhat like what RTAs do in a similar setup which 
we offer to the domestic PMSs and AIFs. We've added about 30 new accounts. We have a lead 
market share in the domestic market in that space. And on the international side, we've added 
about five new accounts, bulge bracket on the clearing side and both put together the assets have 
grown about 3x in the last 12 months. So we've added about INR 37,000 crores of assets in these 
two spaces. 
And both institutional equities and investment banking, which is our core capital markets are 
doing well. Institutional equity there has been a volume pickup in Q1 on the cash side whereas 
the derivative side the volumes in the markets have been a bit muted compared to Q4, but we've 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
seen a reasonable increase in our market share both in cash and in derivative segment which has 
led to the increase in revenues. 
And investment bank, I think the deal activity continues in terms of QIPs, blocks, IPOs and 
we've also been able to do a marquee transaction one of the largest in the ophthalmic devices 
space where we sold a company called Appasamy to Warburg Pincus one of the largest deals in 
that space. So those all happened in Q1 for us.  
There were a few regulatory changes I think which happened and one of them is around the 
rebates which market intermediaries will now not be able to earn. I think from 1st of October 
onwards. For us, I would like to state that the impact is negligible, I mean less than 0.2%, 0.3% 
of our revenues. So there will be negligible impact. 
And the other question that keeps coming to us is will the asset services revenues get impacted 
if there's a decline in yield? In FY25, we don't see any impact at all. The way we have structured 
and hedged our book and the deposit structure is in a manner that at least for the next 18 months 
we don't see an impact in the fall of yield. 
And at the pace at which assets are getting added, I think even in future if there is a yield 
reduction it will be more than compensated for with the addition of assets. I think with that my 
opening remarks I'd like to sum up that overall a good quarter, hope to see the trend continue in 
the coming quarters. And we'll hand it over to Bharat to take you through the quarter 
performance and analysis. 
Bharat Kalsi: 
Thank you, Ashish and good morning and warm welcome to all the participants. Ashish, first of 
all I think you covered most of the points. So I'll try and brief and maybe a few things which 
have not been covered I'll try and cover that. So again, good morning to all. So, as Ashish 
covered a lot of things in terms of the macroeconomic also the sector or the economy has been 
very positive in terms of the real GDP growth or there has not been a much of any regulatory 
larger financial system issues or there has been improving profitability by the corporate.  
So, I think all those are in the right direction for the industry which we operate in. Having said 
that, like any other industry which is involving people money whether it is banks, NBFCs, wealth 
management companies, mutual funds and all they are always under the extra vigilant in terms 
of the regulatory environment and that is true for us also. So, what we have seen there have been 
two key changes which has actually happened. 
One is on the AIF revenue recognition which happened last year say sometime May 23. But that 
has a base effect on this for us and more specifically for our private business where we have 
been a large player on the AIF side. The second is as Ashish touched upon the insurance sector 
is also undergoing a change wherein there has been a change in the surrender values which will 
get effective from 1st of October 2024 which in a way means again there will be an impact in 
terms of upfront commission versus a trail commission.  
What I am trying to say here is that both these impacts have a base effect for FY24 and 25. So, 
maybe the quarter-on-quarter performance is not exactly comparable. So if you look at quarter 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
1 last year versus quarter 1 of this year even if I will cover the numbers at the Nuvama Private 
level also, there has been an impact on the AIF income which will reflect in the overall wealth 
income growth. 
If you look at the other things which Ashish covered or maybe the budget part, the budget has 
been very I think the focus has been more on the simplification on the whole of the capital gain 
structure whether it was making the slabs flat versus 10% versus 12.5% or even the holding 
periods changing from multiple different periods to flat 12 and 24 month. All this has been 
implemented now effective this month.  
The other thing which we are happy to announce is that we have declared a dividend which is 
INR 81.50 per share which is roughly INR 290 crores or in other words which is roughly 50% 
of our last year operating PAT. So, that is where we have declared our first dividend after the 
listing part and our endeavor will be to declare a dividend to the range of 40% to 60% of our 
annual consolidated profits. So that's where we are heading. 
Obviously, the focus will be on the capital management in terms of where we are deploying our 
capital. So, the capital deployment will continue in terms of addition of capabilities, building 
our tech platform which will lead to better say customer experience as well as the engagement 
with our own relationship manager which in turn comes back as more like a retention for our 
relationship managers. So, I think all this is where we will continue to deploy our capital. 
Having said that, Ashish covered most of the numbers, but I'll go on business by business and at 
total levels. So if you look at our overall asset base that has moved around 50%. I'm comparing 
all the numbers on a Y-o-Y basis. There has been a 50% growth in the client assets to around 
INR 3,89,000 crores. 
Within that, if you look at Nuvama Wealth our mid-market segment, that is up by 45% and 
touching around at INR 88,000 crores. This has been a good quarter for us in terms of our new 
money which within the MPIS space has been very strong at around INR 1,400 crores. Of the 
total NNM contribution, 75% has been in the MPIS segment. So, that has been very reassuring.  
If you look at Nuvama Private our asset base is now at INR 1,86,000 a growth of around 31% 
year-on-year. Again, if you look at the total asset base has grown by 31%, but our ARR assets 
have grown much faster at 48% with the AUM of ARR at around INR 39,000 crores at the end 
of the quarter 1. Asset management, again it is in a strong growth of 30% Y-o-Y. We covered a 
lot of things in terms of the new offerings and the new product which we have launched over 
the last three to six months.  
And similarly if you look at the capital market side the custody and the clearing businesses saw 
a very strong growth of 115%. Again we discussed in the previous section with Ashish in terms 
of where the money is coming from, whether it was on the international clients or on the 
domestic side. If you see the overall revenue part the revenue has grown by a healthy 60% at 
INR 668 crores. All the businesses have done well. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Within that, if you look at Nuvama Wealth that has gone up by 23% year-on-year. And Nuvama 
Private has grown 11%, but that's mainly as I mentioned, because of the AIF impact. Our internal 
estimate is around INR 20 crores worth of AIF revenue impact in the quarter 1 last year on a 
like-to-like basis. If you neutralize that the growth could have been in the range of 30% to 33%. 
So, I think it is again on a base effect basis is where it is reflecting at an 11%. Otherwise, this 
has been a strong growth for Nuvama Private also. 
The AR revenue continues to grow at a much stronger pace and now is contributing 63% of the 
total wealth revenue which is where our stated approach is that our focus will be more on the 
ARR side of the business. In terms of asset management excluding the carry the revenue has 
grown by 23% and within that if you look, 44% of our AUM is now fee-paying.  
There is a growth of 44% in the fee-paying AUM which is much faster than the overall growth 
of the asset management revenue. And capital market, it's a very strong growth of 153%, taking 
it to INR 331 crores. We continue to benefit from the synergies as Ashish also mentioned about 
a deal which has been within the system which leads to first an IB deal then it comes back to  
wealth management business as opportunity. That all is playing well for us and we hope to see 
more such things.  
On the cost side, the cost has actually gone up by 28%, but if you look at what we have done is 
that there has been an addition of around 350 odd people over the 12-month period. That is only 
on the RM side, but if you look at the total employees the increase in the number of employees 
around 500 over the last 12 months that is one is playing in, the annual increment is playing in. 
And secondly the variable cost which is linked to our business. 
So when we are growing at a 60% the variable expenses which is linked to the incentives are 
also being provisioned accordingly. That is what is leading to a 28% growth. If you look at the 
data book the Nuvama wealth cost-to-income ratio has marginally gone up from 64% to 66%, 
but that as I mentioned it is because of the 350 plus RMs which we have added. And the 
throughput of such people it typically takes 12 to say 24 months to reach to the desired level and 
hence it is impacting it.  
But if you exclude the growth capital or the growth investment which we have made the C/I 
ratio has actually come down from 64% to maybe 63%, 62% kind of a number. So that is all is 
playing in. Similarly, on the Nuvama private side there is a marginal increase in the cost-to-
income from 68% to 69%. Again, if we remove the AIF impact and the growth capital impact it 
could have been easily 65%, 64% number. So that is where we are heading.  
Lastly, I think my general submission here is that on a quarter-on-quarter basis, a INR 2 crores, 
INR 4 crores or a INR 5 crores cost impact or maybe a timing of a INR 10 crores, INR 15 crores 
impact on the revenue side can actually move the cost-to-income income ratio by 1% here and 
there. So it always becomes a little tricky to manage it at the last decimal. So, maybe on a steady-
state basis is where we are heading that the cost-to-income ratio if we exclude the growth cost it 
should touch around 60%, 61% over the next maybe 24 months to 36 months is where we are 
heading.  

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Lastly, as we mentioned, the profitability has been very strong at INR 221 crores, which is a 
133% growth and even on a sequential basis it's a growth of 22%. That's all from my side and 
happy to take any questions after the moderator takes over. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jayant Kharote from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Hi. Congratulations sir on the good set of numbers. First question is likely what Ashish pointed 
out in the beginning of the call. We are seeing a high level of churn so to say not just at RM, but 
even at senior management level in this wide space. First of all where have we been in this? 
Have we made any acquisitions or let's say acquihire this quarter and then the follow-up to that 
is if we do see RMs moving across typically what part of the AUM are you able to retain and 
then what are the modes that you are building to be able to retain the AUM? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Thank you, Jayant. So acquihire actually are working on. Acquihire may not be one of the best 
approaches because when you do that kind of a hiring 30%, 40% of the team which you get may 
not be what you want. So, our approach is two-fold always that you look for individual RMs and 
if there are teams in which a higher proportion of people are of the type which you want then 
you go ahead.  
We have not lost too many people, but like any industry which is growing I mean this is a pain 
which you will have to live with, specifically in a people-oriented industry. If either the industry 
is not growing then it's a different kind of a pain and if you are seeing a reasonable amount of 
growth and optimism about future this is one of the factors which you will have to live with and 
you have to manage time and again.  
At least at the leadership level, we have not seen any churn, but many new players I think are 
coming into the space across the spectrum. I think in retail, in affluent, in HNI, Ultra HNI and 
many players are also changing their strategy to move into this space. So, I actually see it will 
lead to an overall talent expansion because whichever way you slice or dice it, I don't think if 
people keep recruiting from one another there is going to be a winning approach because 
ultimately the talent pool is limited.  
So, people will have to dip into talent pools which are sitting inside banks, build infrastructure 
around training and other stuff in order to add to the talent pool for the industry to grow 
meaningfully. In terms of asset movement, I have always maintained this that it's not really easy 
for clients to close accounts and shift everything and specifically in cases where if somebody is 
making a movement a multiple number of times in their careers it's practically impossible for 
clients to shift everything. 
Yes, incremental business will get split between the two firms, but I think more than 60%, 70% 
of the AUM is retained with the existing firm, but typically in ultra-high net worth because the 
number of relationship points, the number of hooks which you have with the clients, the number 
of touch points which you have with the clients goes significantly beyond just one touch point. 
So, business typically gets split. It's not that 100% movement happens of assets neither do we 
get it, nor we lose. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Jayant Kharote: 
And just to add to this do you expect the cost-to-income in this segment to be slightly elevated 
until this competitive intensity part recedes let us say for the next 6 months to 12 months? 
Ashish Kehair: 
In my view, no. Actually, the more impact of cost-to-income is happening today because of the 
change over which is happening from let's say the revenue recognition of AIF because for us, 
for example, we were in the process of booking 60% in year 1 which in CAT 2 has let's say 
fallen to maybe 30% or 25%.  
Many players in the market were booking 100% and that changeover is to my mind 12 months 
to maybe 24 months to 36 month process where it remains elevated, but even this year in our 
view by the time we end the year we should come back to 65% or below because if you see even 
in Q1, the impact to cost-to-income has happened not because of your regular revenues or ARR 
revenues, but because of transactional revenues and transactional opportunities actually keep 
coming differently from quarter-to-quarter and we are now seeing opportunities which are 
emerging in Q2 you will see it should come back. 
And the cost movement, in a way people are overpaying, but ultimately the relationship manager 
cost as a proportion to overall cost of the business is maybe 50%, 55%. So, if you have an 
established infrastructure, if you are a player which is of scale and your other costs are under 
control and if you are not mindlessly adding RMs at any cost then the cost-to-income should be 
under control. 
Jayant Kharote: 
That's very helpful. One last question if I could squeeze in is on the yield. We have seen and I'm 
not referring to the Y-o-Y numbers at all, if I look at this quarter in isolation, I see the yields are 
down to 90 bps on the ARR earning assets in the private piece and if I strip off the interest 
earning piece it probably is around 55 odd bps. This has been slightly lower than what we've 
been doing in the past two quarters. Can we assume this to be the new normal? 
Ashish Kehair: 
No, I meant to cover this in my opening remarks. I missed it. In this quarter, we've actually had 
a big win in our ARR assets. If you see our net new money in ARR is about INR 4700 crores. 
Out of that about INR 2000 crores have come early. It came in the month of April, May, but the 
deployment has not happened. It's come from two large families.  
Right now that money is sitting in liquid fund and arbitrage fund. It's come in our infinity 
portfolio which is our in-house non-discretionary and discretionary multi-asset portfolio. Once 
the deployment happens and we start earning the contracted rate the yields will come up. The 
impact of that single inflow is about five basis points. 
Jayant Kharote: 
That's very helpful. Thank you and congrats once again.  
Ashish Kehair: 
Thank you, Jayant.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain, Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone. Congrats on a great set of numbers. I wanted some more 
understanding on the capital market business. If you could link up your cost-to-income between 
the two segments which is your asset services and IE and IB. Also extending that point if the 
regulations or what the media has been talking about with respect to F&O activities, is that there 
will be a meaningful impact on the volumes in the asset services business? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, overall cost-to-income Prayesh if you see in capital market is about 42%. Asset services in 
that sense is a more I would say is a lighter cost-to-income business. So that would hover around 
maybe 30%-odd, 30%, 33% and the other part automatically goes to about maybe 50%-55%. 
On the F&O side actually we are also waiting like everybody to see what's going to happen. 
There are a number of changes which are being proposed which will lead to - which is basically 
targeted to reduce the retail participation in the F&O market which I think will have a larger 
impact on maybe people who have broking business around retail. 
What that has as a second order impact on the institutional side will have to be seen, depending 
on what is the order of magnitude fall. If I'm saying if there is a, let's say, magnitude of 20%-
25%, then maybe there could be a 5%, 8% impact on the float of asset services business of the 
institutional clients. We do not have a large F&O float of retail clients. 
As you know, our overall broking product within wealth management is relatively small. And 
within that, derivatives is even smaller. We've never participated in that part of the business. So 
that we are isolated. But if there is any second order impact on the institutional volumes on the 
derivative side, that will have to wait and see. Very difficult to say right now. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Is it fair to say, Ashish, that the capital markets -- the asset services business is more closer to 
being an annuity? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, if you look at degrees of separation, like if I were to see, and I keep saying this, the closest 
to, let's say, the volume volatility of capital markets is I think broking. And the most distant is 
wealth management. And somewhere in between is, let's say, asset services, because it ultimately 
serves two communities. One is international clients, which basically trade in the domestic 
markets. And second is the domestic PMSs and AIFs. Domestic PMSs and AIFs, I think are 
fairly, fairly, fairly insulated, because there, our income is completely not linked to volume ups 
and downs.  
It's typically a service-oriented business. International, yes, if, let's say, there is a massive volume 
reduction and if they bring their volumes down, there could be some impact. But if you ask me, 
it's more or less the current nature of income which we have is more than 60%-65% is annuity. 
So, ideally, I don't think it should be valued in a similar manner as, let's say, core capital markets, 
because core capital markets is a different nature versus asset services, if that's what your 
question is. 
Prayesh Jain: 
That's really helpful. Just on the asset management side, the yields have dropped sequentially. 
Why would that happen? 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Ashish Kehair: 
See, there are two, three things, Prayesh, in that. One, there is a product-level yield, right? The 
product-level yield is more or less consistent, if you look at private markets and if you look at 
public markets. Now, in the last 12 months, what has happened is that, which I've been saying 
that we've not added assets in our private markets, because our focus was on deployment. And 
that's how private markets work, right? You first raise a fund, you deploy at least 70%, 75%, 
80% and then you raise the next fund. Whereas public markets are continuous vehicle, there is 
no end date, unless you're doing a close-ended fund, which we don't have.  
And in the last 12 months, the proportion of public markets have gone up. So, it's just the 
multiplication. Now, if, let's say, we add another INR 2,000 crores of private assets, again, the 
yields will inch up. But I've always maintained that in the long run, let's say you look at INR 
20,000 crores AUM when we reach in the next two years, three years, on a blended basis, the 
gross yield should be anywhere between 70 to 80 basis points is where we should land and settle, 
given how we see the composition of assets will move. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Perfect. Last question, what is our RM count plan for both wealth and private segment for this 
year, and possibly if you can go from that to the next two to three years? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, we've said that we want to -- like two years out, we had said 20% every year. So we were 
able to achieve that last year. We added about 15% to 18% in private, and I think more than 
25%. This year also, the idea is same. So, you can anchor the figure at 20%. In some cases, we 
may be 15%. In some, we may be 25%. That's the range we want to operate at. That's the target 
now. Depending on how the markets and the environment is, we may calibrate it, dial up or dial 
down. But that's the way we are looking at it right now. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes, hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have two questions actually. So, 
firstly, on the assets of MPIS in Nuvama Wealth and ARR assets, could you give us more details 
about the nature of the assets, how much is debt and equity? Because the reason I am asking this 
question is because if you look at the flow side, then if you calculate the MTM gains on these 
two books that is hardly in the range of about 2% to 3% on a sequential basis. 
Ashish Kehair: 
Correct. You're right. So I got your question. So, if you look at right now, the proportion would 
be more towards yield-oriented assets. But if you look at it 12 months from now, the way the 
net flows are happening now, we will have more equity. So higher proportion of equity managed 
products are now coming in the net flows of both MPIS and ARR. Current AUM may not be, 
let's say, reflective of where we will be 12 months from now. 
Lalit Deo: 
But as of now, how much would it be? Can you give us a sense and how it has improved over 
the last two years? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Not last few years, maybe last 12 months is the right approach. Before that, our focus was 
reasonably high towards fixed income and yield-oriented assets. Even within managed products, 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
we had a lot of non-correlated stuff like credit funds, infrastructure funds, business asset funds, 
which were less MTM products, because our approach was to attack the fixed income portfolios 
of clients because everybody was doing equity. Now, it's become more balanced and incremental 
flows are now coming towards equity assets. So, currently, maybe 10%, 15% would be equity 
assets, but 12 months from now, maybe that number could become 30%, 35%. 
Lalit Deo: 
And sir, the second question was on the cost side in the capital markets business. So as you have 
alluded that in that asset services, it is roughly in the range of 30% to 33%, whereas in the [IE 
& IB, it is in the range of 50% to 55%. So will this be -- going ahead as I understand that in the 
second half of the financial year, then it should increase because of the variable payouts and all 
those things. 
Ashish Kehair: 
What we have done, Lalit, is that we have, in the first quarter itself, upfronted the variable 
payout. Given the fact that capital markets had a very strong quarter, if you look at the total cost 
and if you see between Q4 and Q1 FY'25, there is almost INR 24 crores cost jump, which is 
largely towards two elements. One would be the hikes because there is no manpower addition 
which is happening here. So, one would be the hikes would be, let's say, order of magnitude 6%, 
7%, but rest would all be attributable to variable cost. 
Lalit Deo: 
So, the segment between 30% to 35% and 50% to 55% will remain over the next 12 months? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Our approach of variable, we try to, I mean, we are not always correct, is to basically keep 
accruing the variable cost in line with the revenues in any quarter. We have not been perfectly, 
as I said, right at it. But to the extent possible, we try to align it so that there is no quarterly 
catch-up that happens. Although, I must admit, in the last two years, in our wealth management 
business, we had to do a catch-up in quarter 4, but not in the capital markets business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Pandey from Athena Investments. 
Bhavin Pandey: 
Hi. Congratulations on a wonderful set of numbers. I just had one question regarding capital 
markets business. So, we could see some increase in market share. So could you just shed some 
light on the dynamics of the capital market space and how one sort of plans to lose or gain market 
share? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, there are three lines of businesses which we report within our capital markets segment. One 
is institutional equities, second is investment banking, and third is asset services. So I'll start 
with the asset services business first. That basically serves two sets of clients. One is 
international investors, which is FPI, in which typically we serve systematic quant funds and 
hedge funds. And on the domestic side, long-only PMS and AIFs. 
So, essentially, the function of market share is out of the new clients which come into the fold 
in both the categories, how many new accounts are you able to get as far as your competition is 
concerned. In institutional equities, similar, we serve FPIs, domestic MFs, and insurance 
companies. And that is typically voting led. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
So, as your voting on the research side goes up, your market share will typically go up. And 
investment bank, we are in ECM, M&A, PE and debt capital markets. So, across that, depending 
on the league tables and how much we are able to win is how our market share moves. 
So, I think overall, more than market share on the capital market side, what we keep worrying 
about is how the activity will move up or down, but at least post-elections and post-budget, for 
the next 12 months, it doesn't seem unless there is an external shock which comes and hits, we 
don't foresee a tapering. 
Yes, quarter on quarter, the numbers could move up and down, but overall activity in the market 
should be at a similar level, except what Prayesh was mentioning in his question earlier, as to if 
something draconian happens on the F&O side, and that has a second order impact on the overall 
market and performance, then I think the entire sector, whether it is us, asset management, 
broking, everybody will get impacted. 
Bhavin Pandey: 
And Mr. Kehair, just expanding on the anticipated rate cut, do we think if there's a rate cut, 
maybe let's say in a couple of quarters, private and the startup space could revive, so that could 
lead to more growth, or do you think the sort of action in investment banking activity that 
happened in this quarter is sort of a manifestation of the anticipation of a rate cut, if we could 
put it in a better way? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, rate cut for us actually is reasonably neutral. It doesn't impact us too much because some 
businesses benefit, some businesses lose. Overall market, how it will react, now rate cuts 
typically happen when economy is not doing well, but markets have become counter to that. 
So, if you see when talks of rate cut happens in US, broader market starts doing well, because 
your asset valuations, your discounting rates, everything starts coming down. So, your current 
valuation starts looking cheaper than what it could be in future. So, it's extremely 
counterintuitive. If rate cuts happen, I think it'll lead to a positive into the market. 
Bhavin Pandey: 
That’s great, really helpful and congrats again and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sanidhya, Unicorn Assets. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
Hi, good morning. Congratulations on the great set of numbers. My first question is, I just wanted 
to understand on the yield and net new money in the MPIS and other segments. So, how should 
we see that like year on year, quarter on quarter, gradual basis, because there is some like the 
yield on assets versus the, I mean, the revenue versus the assets. There is a difference in 
proportion of the growth, particularly in the wealth and the private segment? So, if you can just 
elaborate on that. 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, the retention on average assets in Nuvama Wealth ranges between, you know, 90 basis points 
to 1% depending on the quarter and the kind of MTM the assets have seen. And Q4 will normally 
be higher because insurance comes in. Typically, the way you have to look at Nuvama Wealth 
is MPIS growth is around 30%-35% of the initial base. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
And that is how we have seen it over the last two years. And if you basically look at the fact that 
that contributes anywhere between 40% to 50% of the revenues, so that will provide you 
anywhere between 12% to 15% of revenue growth. And your other assets, which is your broking 
and loan assets, typically could grow anywhere between 10% to 15% in a year. 
And that has a 50% contribution. So, that will give you another 7-7.5%. So, 20% to 23% revenue 
growth is what you should be able to see. And if you are able to keep costs below 20%, then the 
profit growth will be higher. That's how it works in Nuvama Wealth. And in Nuvama Private, 
typically, the ARR growth, we've seen exceptional growth over the last two years. 
But I'm saying even if you take, again, 30% growth there and 10%-15% in transactional assets, 
that should also yield to about 20% growth in the overall revenue. That's how we look at it in 
terms of breakup and composition. 
Sanidhya: 
And what is this others in the client asset composition? 
Ashish Kehair: 
In which segment? 
Sanidhya: 
In the Nuvama Wealth. 
Ashish Kehair: 
That could be maybe unlisted shares, that could be client margin at exchanges. So, multiple 
items could be sitting there. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. So, okay, fine. So, it's like the majority portion, like almost the 60% of that? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Yes. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. Secondly, on the AMC front, so, I think we're not stating the actual loss in the presentation 
or anywhere else. So, it would be great if it could be presented in the presentation itself because 
it doesn't make sense to not write it just because we are in loss. 
Ashish Kehair: 
I didn't understand the question. 
Sanidhya: 
In the AMC section. 
Ashish Kehair: 
We show the operating loss in the data book. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. Maybe I missed it. 
Ashish Kehair: 
There is an Excel data book. So, in our disclosures, which we give, there is obviously the 
quarterly presentation. But if you want more details, we also upload an Excel data book and 
that's there on our website also. And in the Excel data book, we have detailed numbers in terms 
of revenue, cost, and other metrices and parameters across all of these businesses, given detail 
in Excel. So, you'll be able to see it. 
Sanidhya: 
Sure. Sure. I will surely go through that. I was just saying, if it could be presented in the 
presentation itself, that would be great? 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Ashish Kehair: 
Sure. Sure. We will add that. No problem. 
Sanidhya: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. And lastly, lastly, we had some news, maybe rumors, that an 
Indian promoter is trying to exit from Nuvama. Any confirmations on that? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Not that we know of, because they hold about 56%. 
Sanidhya: 
No, the Indian promoter. 
Ashish Kehair: 
No, that's not a rumor. I mean, there is no Indian promoter now. Edelweiss is now a passive 
shareholder. They hold 14%. As part of the de-merger, they had 14%. And they are not a 
promoter anymore. They may look to monetize a part of it, maybe half or one third of it. And 
they're under lock-in till 12 months from listing. So, last week of September, their lock-in will 
go. Post that, they may want to sell, because they want to monetize some and take the cash within 
the company, Edelweiss Group. 
Sanidhya: 
Great. Thank you so much. And on the dividend front, the policy continues. Like we have, last 
quarter, I think, or before that, we were discussing that we are yet to set up a proper framework 
for this? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, like Bharat pointed out, the endeavor will be to do 40% to 60% of annual profits. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. And since now buyback is also would be taxable and other things. So, are we looking for 
any other bonuses or any corporate actions, anything like that? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Right now, not under discussion, because bonus, unfortunately, if we do now, the taxation 
structure for people will get impacted. So, we are not thinking of bonus or anything. Maybe at 
some point in time, if the board decides and discusses to do a split, they may do. But right now, 
nothing under discussion. Dividend is something which has been discussed in detail. And that's 
why we started it. 
Sanidhya: 
Great. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Himalaya 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers and thanks for the opportunity. My question, sir, 
is more on the asset services business. You report clearing assets and the custody assets there 
separately, and you calculate the yield on clearing assets. So, can you just explain this a bit? 
What are these two different models of revenue and what will be the kind of yield that you expect 
on each of these two segments? And what portion of this revenue comes from domestic clients 
versus international clients? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, custody and clearing are two different activities. Custody is what, let's say, any institutional 
investor can give their assets to a custodian for safekeeping and different kinds of services are 
provided where you do custody fund accounting. Clearing is when a client trades in derivatives 
and their trades have to be cleared. 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Then you use a professional clearing member and you have to post your margin to the exchange 
through the professional clearing member and the clearing member earns on that margin and 
also on the services that are provided. So, these are two different lines of businesses. Assets 
under custody actually sit in a company which is different and assets under clearing sit in a 
company which is different. 
In combination, this is asset services business. The company in which assets under custody sit, 
we hold 49%, so we do a profit pickup. We don't show the revenue here. That revenue is lower. 
These are typically services related revenue. It will be maybe order of magnitude INR 30 crores, 
INR 40 crores, INR 50 crores a year. 
So, you can do the calculation in terms of BPS on assets on custody. In clearing, it's about 1.4% 
on assets under clearing and that's what we show here. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I mean, all of the reported revenue comes from the assets. 
Ashish Kehair: 
Reported revenue here, what you're seeing is all coming for clearing. Assets under custody and 
the profit from will be shown as a profit pickup in the main P&L. We can't show the revenue of 
that because it's an associate, not a subsidiary. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Understood. And that is about INR 30 crores to INR 50 crores per year? 
Ashish Kehair: 
It keeps ranging. Yes, maybe maximum INR 60 crores, INR 70 crores every year and keeps 
rising with the increase in assets under custody. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And that's the revenue number INR 60 crores, INR 70 crores? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Yes, that's the revenue. Correct. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And on the assets under clearing, since it's largely linked to what you mentioned, what portion 
of it do you consider as annuity versus exposed to capital market volatility? And what are the 
underlying growth drivers for that business? Or is it very hard to forecast and it's just linked to 
the capital markets? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, in a way, it's linked to capital markets, but it's not difficult to forecast. If you ask me to say 
on a 3 years to 4 years basis, because institutional interest in India is on the uptrend. So, we are 
seeing newer clients from newer countries coming in, register and start participating. So, there 
is an increase in activity. So, if you look at the last 10 years or last 5 years, the number of 
institutions that have come in, so, our revenues will not move up or down with the daily volume 
which they do and all that stuff. It's more to how much exposure they want to take to India 
through derivatives. So, that on a secular basis, if you are asking me, we are seeing a positive 
trend. The impact on that business can happen if, let's say, over a 12-month period, there is a 
completely reduced activity in the Indian derivatives market or there is a sharp fall in yields, in 
interest rate. 
 
That also, the impact starts hitting you after 12 months to 18 months because the way you've 
structured the collateral, there is zero impact for the first 18 months. So, I think those are the 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
things that can impact that business. If you ask me from a split perspective between annuity, 
non-annuity, I think 50%, 60% you can categorize as a base level annuity that should continue 
to stay. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
One last question. In the wealth business, you report a brokerage revenue as well. Is this linked 
to products like, say, marketing debentures or any other placement of products or is this linked 
to the brokerage revenue a typical broker would see from the equity cash or derivative segment? 
Ashish Kehair: 
The second category. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanket Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. In the Wealth business, what I see is that your AUM in net 
interest income has declined either year on year or sequentially. But if I look at the revenue, 
there has been meaningfully a strong growth either on year-on-year or sequentially. So, I just 
wanted to understand that this net interest income growth is largely driven by our rate interest 
rate increase on the margin trade funding or loan against shares? 
 
So, what led to that growth is one first question I have. And in Wealth, maybe if you can broadly 
indicate out of the total revenue of INR 76 crores what you made in MPIS, how much could be 
potentially annuity in nature, which is recurring going ahead also for the subsequent quarters? 
That's the first question which I have on Wealth? The next question I have on the flows, which 
I'll ask after you answer this? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, on the interest income, Sanket, simply put, there are three, four factors which affect the 
overall interest income. One, of course, is the size of the book. Now, what has happened in this 
quarter is that the average book was higher, but the closing book was lower. So, because, our 
book is not like a long term loan, right? It's either ease of funding or loan against share where 
people come in, go out. 
 
And typically within ESOP also, we promote early selling because it's in the interest of the 
clients. We don't want them to hold their ESOPs on a levered basis on the hope of price increase 
because that's not in the interest of the client. And there are three factors which affect our income. 
Actually, four. 
 
One is the composition of the book. So, composition keeps changing. It's between LAS, ESOP 
and let's say margin finance. And if margin finance goes up, our income will go up. Second, if 
your average book is higher, obviously, you will earn higher because the average book was 
higher. And if your closing book is lower, that also becomes a positive impact because your 
expected credit loss gets reversed. 
 
And your processing fees gets upfronted because normally when you book a loan, the processing 
fees is accrued. Let's say the contracted loan period was 6 months and processing fees was a 50 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
basis points. You will accrue it over 6 months. But after 45 days, if the client sells his share and 
repays the loan, the residual processing fees comes in. So, these three, four things actually keeps 
the NII keep going up, down, up, down, up, down in that sense. 
Sanket Godha: 
But is it fair to assume that because markets did very well in the current quarter, margin funding 
played a role? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Not really. For us, that's not a big component. I think the larger impact will come from. So, if 
markets do well, the positive to us is that people exercise their ESOPs more and sell them faster. 
So, that gives you processing fees, brokerage, and NII all three together. And that also has a 
positive impact. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. And if you can maybe indicatively tell me the MPIS is closer to annuity. How much is 
annuity and how much is transactional in nature? 
Ashish Kehair: 
That I think I'll have to come back because offhand, I don't want to hazard a guess right now. 
But let me just look up if we have the numbers. Give me 30 seconds. 
Sanket Godha: 
Yes, sure. And if you can even give indicatively how it has trended compared to say last 4 
quarters and in the current quarter. Just to show… 
Ashish Kehair: 
Trend wise, I'll tell you. Trend wise, it's on the upside because if now you look at the sales which 
we are doing, okay, in MPIS more than 70% is now managed products. Which means what? 
Which means AIF, which means MF, which means PMS and insurance. Insurance is very small 
in terms of sales. So, and all those three categories and within AIF also as a stated strategy now 
for us, category three is far more important than category two. 
 
Because category two just gives you some little bit of upfront and then the trail is over the life 
of the period and most of the funds of category two are 7 years, 8 years, 10 year products. Real 
Estate fund, private equity fund. So, the trail becomes meaningless. In terms of sales, I can tell 
you our mutual fund, PMS, these sales numbers now on a quarterly basis, we do what we were 
doing in one full year. 
 
So, at least in the coming year, the way we see, if we book, let's say X of annuity in Q1, it should, 
in my view, if we continue this trend should become 3X by Q4. Currently, if I look at the overall, 
I think MPIS number, I think more than 50%, 55%, 60% will be annuity, but we will have to 
confirm to you. This is just a rough cut calculation. 
Sanket Godha: 
Yes. And the second question was that, if I look at overall flows, the private have done very 
well. It's almost, it's like INR 4,000 crores number, even if I look at active private. Just wanted 
to understand this trajectory, how do you see, given this is meaningfully better compared to 
quarterly run rate of previous year, how do you see this to play out? You yourself said that you 
won one couple of two big families, which supported that number. But do you think that such 
kind of deals will happen or this number should be toned down a bit for subsequent quarters? 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Ashish Kehair: 
The total last years, if you see, the net flows was about INR 11,000 crores over the full year in 
private. I think if we extrapolate INR 4,700 crores, it'll go to some INR 18,000 crores. I don't 
think that should be the right approach. What you're saying is right. We should tone it down. 
Maybe order of magnitude anywhere between INR 13,000 crores to INR 15,000 crores. 
 
Essentially, 30% to 35%. Last year, we were able to do 40% of the opening book. This year, our 
opening book is around INR 38,000 crores and INR 38,000 crores or maybe INR34,000 crores. 
So, a 40% of that. So, anywhere between INR 13,000 crores to INR 15,000 crores is what we 
will aspire to achieve in the full year. 
Sanket Godha: 
And lastly, just based on private, again, on UHNI space, I'm just wondering whether incremental 
client addition, which is happening, is it happening on advisory or still trail-based is the thing. I 
just wanted to understand if it is advisory, do you think… 
Ashish Kehair: 
The INR 4,700 which came, out of that, at least 65% is between non-discretionary and 
discretionary PMS. Now, you call that advisory, we call that trail-based. It's all the same. Now, 
in ARR, actually, in private, at least more than 90%, 95% is managed products, in which we 
include advisory, discretionary, non-discretionary, everything. 
Sanket Godha: 
My major concern was that given incremental flows, if they come, the way I tell is advisory… 
Ashish Kehair: 
That pure advisory with some 5, 10 basis points, not of that variety, if that is what your question. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. So, the yields around 90, 95 bps, what you indicated, will remain in the private business. 
That is the point I want? 
Ashish Kehair: 
Yes. That's what we feel. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay, perfect. That's it for me. Thank you very much. 
Ashish Kehair: 
Thank you, Sanket. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
Yash: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a great set of quarter. I wanted to 
understand that your asset services business is about 40% of your total capital markets revenue 
and just sort of an internal benchmark if you have that over the next 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, 
you think this part of the business can sort of go more stably and contribute to maybe 60%, 70% 
of the overall capital markets revenue. How do you think, how large can this business be? 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, it is 40% of the business today. I think, yes, over a period of time, it can grow larger in terms 
of proportion. But even today, in terms of profitability, its contribution will be more than 55%, 
60% of the capital markets. 
Yash: 
Right. So, do you have sort of an internal benchmark that, maybe by the next 3 years, we should 
have it like 60%, 70% in terms of the revenue contribution or anything like that? 

 
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Ashish Kehair: 
So, automatically, see, typically, unless both institutional equities and investment bank continue 
to grow the way they have grown over the last year, which we will hope, but otherwise, I think 
from a secular growth perspective, asset services, the probability is higher and directionally, yes, 
it could become 60% of the revenues in the next 3 years to 4 years. 
Yash: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ashish Kehair for closing comments. 
Ashish Kehair: 
Thank you, Deepika. Thank you, everybody. It was, again, a pleasure having you all here. I hope 
to see you again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
