 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
RKL/SX/2024-25/71 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on August 08, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Call held on Thursday, August 08, 2024, for the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2024.  
 
The same is also uploaded on the website of the Company at www.radicokhaitan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
(Dinesh Kumar Gupta) 
Senior Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2024.08.14 
22:15:18 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
First Quarter FY2025  
Earnings Conference call 
August 8, 2024 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Radico Khaitan Q1 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you, Yusuf. Good afternoon, everyone. At this moment, we 
would like to thank Radico Khaitan's management team for providing 
Dolat Capital with the opportunity to host the Q1 FY '25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us the senior leadership team from Radico Khaitan. Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha - Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya - Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sanjeev Banga - President, International Business.  
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Thank you, Himanshu. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank 
you for joining us on our Q1 FY '25 results conference call.  
The fiscal year started on a positive note as we continued to deliver on 
our strategic road map. During Q1 FY '25, we achieved strong premium 
volume growth despite a challenging operating environment. External 
factors such as lower consumption growth, concerns about ongoing 
food grain inflation and volatile commodity prices did not deter us 
from delivering robust operating performance.  
Our commitment remains to a focused portfolio of premium brands 
driven by consumer aspirations. This is reflected in the strong Prestige 
& Above category volume growth of 14% year-on-year. P&A value 
growth was 19% during the same period. 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
During the quarter, we launched Rampur Asava, Sangam World Malt 
and Jaisalmer Gold Edition in India, enhancing the experience for 
connoisseurs of luxury brands. We will expand the distribution of 
these brands throughout the year, including the canteen store 
department.  
Rampur Asava Single Malt is matured in American Bourbon barrels 
and then meticulously finished in Indian red wine casks which is the 
first time in the Single Malt history. Price starting at INR 10,000 a bottle, 
it is currently available in seven states.  
Sangam World Malt Whisky was launched in the international markets 
last year. After its success in the global market and duty-free retail 
channels, we have launched it in India in Q1. Sangam is derived from 
the Hindi word meaning “confluence”, which symbolises the seamless 
blend of Eastern tradition and Western whisky-making expertise. Our 
master blender travelled across the world to source premium malts 
from Europe and the new world to make this meticulous fusion. It will 
be priced between INR 4,000 to INR 7,500 a bottle depending on the 
state of launch. Currently, Sangam is available in four states. 
Jaisalmer Gin currently holds a 50% market share in the luxury gin 
space in India. Building upon its success, we proudly launched a “Gold 
Edition” in India recently. This edition distinguishes itself with the 
inclusion of saffron, which is the world's most expensive spice. Of the 
total 18 botanicals used in this gin, 14 are sourced from the four 
corners of India. It will be priced between INR 4,000 to INR 7,000 a 
bottle and presently, it is available in three states.  
We are very proud and honoured to be associated with the inaugural 
India House at the Paris 2024 Olympics, which has become a 
significant attraction for sports fans. We have been chosen as an 
exclusive alcoholic beverage partner. With this alliance, we aim to 
showcase the richness, culture and legacy of our nation and take India 
to the world.  
Magic Moments Vodka continued its growth momentum and recorded 
1.9 million cases sales in Q1 FY '25 and crossed sales value of INR 300 
crores for the current quarter. Today, it is the sixth largest Vodka brand 
globally. We have recently partnered with Saregama, India's leading 
music label to launch an innovative new music series titled ‘Magic 
Moments Music Studio’. Comprising a total of 10 episodes, the series 
will be released weekly on Saregama Music YouTube channel. This 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
platform will allow emerging artist to perform alongside renowned 
musicians such as Shaan, Kumar Sanu, Sophie Choudry, Nikhita 
Gandhi, etc.  
Moving forward, we will invest in strengthening our brand portfolio 
through targeted marketing and the introduction of select new brands 
in the luxury and premium space. We remain confident in the medium-
to long-term potential of the Indian IMFL sector. With our strong luxury 
and premium brands, execution expertise and extensive distribution 
network, Radico Khaitan is well positioned to capitalize on industry 
growth opportunities. 
As the year progresses, we expect the broader raw material basket to 
remain stable. Coupled with ongoing premiumization, we anticipate 
staying on track with our margin expansion trajectory.  
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call 
today.  
During the first quarter of FY '25, we reported an IMFL volume of 7.07 
million cases, representing a degrowth of 4% on year-on-year basis. 
Prestige & Above category volume grew by 14.3%. In value terms, the 
Prestige & Above category registered 19.1% growth. Prestige & Above 
category accounts for 43.4% of IMFL volume compared to 36.5% in Q1 
FY '24. The percentage of P&A is higher due to the significant degrowth 
in the regular category. Improvement in IMFL realization is due to the 
combination of price increases and continued premiumization. 
Regular category volumes were impacted due to ongoing strategic 
rationalization of portfolio and certain state specific excise policy 
related issues.  
Gross margin during the quarter was 41.5% compared to 43.6% in Q1 
of FY '24 and 41.0% in Q4 of FY '24. 
Gross margin was impacted on year-on-year basis due to the 
significant foodgrain inflation. Grain price inflation had a negative 
impact of 335 basis points on a year-on-year basis on gross margin. 
On quarter-on-quarter basis, we have been able to sustain gross 
margin due to the ongoing premiumization and price increase in the 
IMFL business. On Y-o-Y basis, there was 170 basis points impact due 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
to price increase in Q1 of FY '25 on our IMFL sales value. On quarter-
on-quarter basis, impact of price increases was 55 basis points.  
Although prices of certain packing material have softened recently, we 
cautiously monitor the trend of Grain and ENA where volatility 
persists. We expect glass prices to see some moderation from Q2 
onwards.  
The increase in net debt over March '24 is primarily due to the cyclical 
building up of inventory at the plants and higher receivables in certain 
states. 
Going forward, our focus will be on improving our profitability along 
with the cashflow generation and more efficient working capital 
management, resulting in debt reduction. We reiterate our 
commitment to be almost debt-free by FY '26 and thereafter focus on 
returning cash to the shareholders. 
With this, we will now open the line for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique 
Stock Broking. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Primarily our P&A has been 
growing extremely strong. My question was on the ad expenses, 
selling and distribution expenses, which has declined by about 8% 
during the quarter, which has in a way helped to aid your margins. 
What has been the thought process behind this? This would be a 
quarterly phenomenon because one of your other competitors also 
have spent less on ad spends during the quarter 1 and which has aid 
into our margins. So how should we think about it? What has it 
happened during the quarter? My first question was on that. 
Amar Sinha: 
First of all, the ad spend that we have always guided would be around 
7% to 8% [of our IMFL revenue] annually. The first quarter this year is 
an aberration. One, primarily because the first quarter industry growth 
has been muted. There were various delays of excise policies and 
buying and stock sales were also low because of policy delays. So, 
elections are also there. So, we try and rationalize the expenses based 
on the volumes. But this will catch up in the quarters following the first. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Understood. Sir, other thing was on the popular regular category. One 
part has been because of your own strategic intent that you have, 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
there has been a moderation in the popular segment. But other than 
that, when do you see things improving in this segment because still it 
is a sizable part of our portfolio in terms of volume? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So regular, as we have guided earlier also, because we rationalized in 
certain states due to the low contribution and because of the input 
cost increase. Secondly, in this quarter, particularly, as Amar just 
mentioned, there has been delay in some state excise policies where 
there were elections. And in Telangana also, the pipeline inventory and 
the receivables were checked. However, we see that we will be on a 
muted growth. And overall, we guided that 4% to 5% growth, which we 
aspire from the regular category. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
In Telengana what is the status of the receivables now? I mean, have 
they paid major part of it or good part of it is still remaining? What is 
status because that also impacts volumes, right? 
Amar Sinha: 
The payments in Telangana are coming on a slower pace. But 
payments are coming, that's most important. The government agrees 
that payments will be released to also build up their margins and their 
stock supply. So, I think we have been getting payments on a very 
frequent basis. And accordingly, we are supplying based on payments. 
This trend is likely to continue for some time.  
Dilip Banthiya:  
Industry also is represented to the government on these aspects and 
there is a regular interaction between the industry and the 
government and I think there will be improvement in future. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Congrats on good results. I just had two or three questions. One was 
already external issue with elections, certain state issues, delay in 
excise policy. In your best estimate, what would be the extent of 
volume that industry lost on account of this -- on account of these 
fluctuations in the quarter. Just trying to understand what could have 
been steady state growth I know had some of these things not 
happened? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. I think it would be, it is just an estimate, but I think it should be 
close to about 3% to 4%. 
Harit Kapoor: 
The second thing was on pricing. You mentioned 175 basis points on 
pricing on a Y-o-Y basis. Given that the policy this time a bit later in the 
year, later during the quarter also because of the elections, do you 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
expect the 175 bps to be higher as the quarter progress or to be in the 
same 1.5% to 2% kind of range for the year in your opinion? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, on quarter-on-quarter basis, I said sequentially it was 55% but the 
impact of the price increase on annual basis. Y-o-Y basis on 170 basis 
points. And we expect the price increase for the whole year to remain 
between 150 basis points to 170 basis points. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Any more states left for pricing in this year? Or do you think that's 
largely done with most of the policies through now? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Some are considering it and you will come to know soon. There are 
some certain big states which are going to get. Yes, we are hoping it 
will happen sooner than later. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And lastly, on the capex side, obviously, the large capex is now done 
with. But if you could just give us a sense of now what the steady state 
from this year onwards? How are you looking at capex? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, after the major capex or maintenance capex and some capex from 
brand etc. will be ranging between INR 70 to INR 80 crores annually. 
Harit Kapoor:  
Which will be reflected in this year as well, right? That '25 should be... 
Dilip Banthiya: 
This year, there will be left out capex of the major project, which will 
be INR 80 crores to INR 90 crores and then maintenance capex of INR 
60 crores to INR 70 crores. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, INR 150 crores this year and then it goes to INR 70 crores, INR 80 
crores something. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from HDFC Securities. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Three questions from my side. 
First is on there was a news article stating that in the restricting 
surrogate advertising for liquor brand. So, in case you heard from 
industry, if you can elaborate more on this because since we are 
creating a lot of new brands, how it should impact us?  
Amar Sinha: 
First of all, we must state that the government has not said that you 
cannot advertise. Actually they are talking about advertisement of 
surrogate brands, which the objective is to prevent misleading ads. 
However, the government is talking about brand extensions, which 
can be advertised with the same brand name and you must have a 
revenue model for it, which is quite justified and logical. So as far as 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Radico is concerned, we feel that we will respect the law of the land. 
We are geared up to follow the guidelines that we are being sensitized 
with and we'll follow that. 
Secondly, this will also result in companies that are bigger and 
organized to adopt more innovative and creative marketing on the 
ground. So, where the consumer interfaces and results in impulsive 
buying, we will be able to showcase some of our brands more 
creatively and I think it's fine with us. It will not impact us negatively. 
We will be able to handle it proactively. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Question on non-IMFL. So, in the last call, you highlighted that 
annual sale will be around INR15 million to INR15.5 million in FY '25. 
Going forward in the coming years because we'll be captive using this 
the product coming out from here. So how we see sales in the coming 
years '26, '27 for non-IMFL segment? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the non-IMFL segment is basically, we are utilizing our Sitapur 
Greenfield Facility now for 90%. So, the non-IMFL segment growth, 
which has been there because of the growth effect and from Q3 
onwards, growth will be in line with the industry. And where we see 
because of the base effect going out in the country liquor UPML 6% to 
7% growth and otherwise in the alcohol. So, it will be in the range of 
10%, 15%. Right now, it is 50%-50% because of the base impact. 
Vishal Gutka: 
 
10%, 15% growth will be there in the '26, '27 you're highlighting? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
'26, '27. 
Vishal Gutka: 
 
Yes, on non-IMFL segment. 
Amar Sinha: 
See, I'll tell you what the state policy actually states that there should 
be a 7% to 8% growth in the lower segment. And I think we will grow 
in line with the excise policy structure, which is about 7% to 8%. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Sir, last question is on , I think a lot of states have come out with budget 
-- states budget during this -- during the quarter maybe 2Q. So, any of 
the state you see drastic increase in taxation in any specific state and 
what is the action plan you are taking, where you’re allowed to take 
price increase and certain things dependent upon the government. I 
just wanted your thoughts on this? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
States are proactively looking at increasing the revenue. 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan:  
In fact, there are few other states, which are planning to rationalize the 
duty. So, if that happens, it is very good for the industry. So, I think if 
the governments are now quite proactive and they feel that if it's highly 
taxed, then it leads to less of sales, etc. So, in fact, they are talking of 
duty rationalization in states, which is a very good sign for the industry. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Sir, just last question on the margin trends. I think last call, you 
highlighted you're targeting mid-teen margins by end of FY '26. So that 
holds right 15%, 16% margins by FY '26 margins? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
Yes. 
Vishal Gutka: 
 
Got it. Great sir. Wishing all the best for future quarters. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Himanshu Shah from Dolat 
Capital. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Just a couple of questions. One in past few quarters back, we had 
indicated that you will be looking for launching one more whisky in the 
upper prestige segments. Are those plans still on? And by when do we 
expect to launch that particular whisky? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, first of all, Himanshu, as you are aware, we have launched four 
luxury products just in the last 30 days. And these products are what 
we are going to focus on in the near future. However, the new products 
that we have spoken about in the past are also on the growing trend. 
And sooner than later and when the time is appropriate, you will get 
to hear from us on them. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay, sure. And that should largely fill the gap in the portfolio or we 
would have any further gaps in the portfolio from a positioning 
perspective, especially in the whisky segment? 
Amar Sinha: 
Yes. First of all, that will fill the current gap that there is. But if you look 
at the trend of Radico, now we have started creating segments by 
launching products in the luxury segment. So, we are the ones who are 
creating gaps for others. And there's a small one, which we will fill up 
in the times ahead. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Secondly, sir, are we seeing any increased competitive intensity from 
regional or national players in the P&A segment and then even in the 
luxury segment because we are seeing a lot of new brands coming up 
in this space. So that creating any kind of headwinds or that should be 
careful of? 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
See, I'll tell you there are two situations. One, regional players are 
introducing new brands in P&A and below, actually, not in P&A. P&A 
upwards only organized companies are creating brands and we are 
ahead of others. As far as the regional players creating brands in the 
luxury segment is concerned. today, it's a nonissue right now and we 
are not too worried about it. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay, sure. And last question, just on raw material basket. You had 
already provided color but some more granular color, if you can 
provide maybe on broken rice because that has seen significant 
inflation. And now the elections are over, I think the FCI is also sitting 
with significant rice. So, are we envisaging any kind of softening taking 
place? And why hasn't taken place till now in the broken rice prices? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So actually, Himanshu, these prices, which had risen up to INR28,000 
or so the broken rice and have seen some softening in the April and 
middle of May. But after that government has taken one decision of 
increasing the MSP, again, the sentiment went toward the little price 
increase. And since it is a non-season, government is also having 
stocks with FCI, which is much more than what they require even for 
distribution in PDS etc. But still, the decision on FCI rice is awaiting. If 
there is some allocation for the ethanol in the FCI rice, I think 
sentiment will come down. What we see with next crop being strong 
and the monsoon in the country is good. We still feel that these prices 
are the peak and what should be over, but let's hope we can't predict 
it. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. What would be the inflation in glass bottle prices or deflation, 
both on a Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Last year, we had seen a steep inflation and it was to the tune of 
something around INR 9,000 to INR 10,000 per tonne. But after that, 
the gas price and the other input cost price have come down. So, some 
softening from Q2 onwards, we can see in this. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. And what kind of softening, sir, we are looking at? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Some corrections. There's some corrections that will take place in Q2 
itself. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss 
Public Alternate. 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
I have a slightly longer-term question. So we have come to an end to 
our very large capex plan of backward integration, both at Rampur and 
at Sitapur. When we started this capex plan, you had a certain IRR for 
this project in mind. As we stand today, how different is that IRR 
expectation going ahead? On those projects that we have incurred 
capex for. And also, we had a number of around INR 180 crores to INR 
200-odd crores of savings due to backward integration over the period 
of time, when do we think we'll be able to achieve that number? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, when we envisaged this project, it was for us a very, very strategic 
project. It was not for commodity. It was for our branded business. 
And since we are having a strong growth in our P&A category and we 
were almost at the neck-to-neck for utilization and distributing to our 
tie-up units. 
So, keeping in view last 10 years, we did not do any capex on 
distillation. And keeping in mind the growth story of India and Prestige 
& Above and specially the premium luxury and semi-luxury, we wanted 
our own alcohol to be there. So, this decision was taken at that time. 
So, first of all, this is a long term for us, not for the IRR of the 
commodity, but for the strong backward integration for our main 
branded business. 
Second point is that time, if we say that we thought that even in 
commodity since the time we fill up our own consumption and captive 
consumption by our brands in UPML and IMFL. We will fetch a revenue 
and that will give us an IRR on 16% to 17% on capital. But right now, it 
is something around 7% to 8%. 
I think these are aberrations, which has not been there for past many 
years. But for some time, we have to live with it and when the situation 
again come back to normalcy, I think 12% to 15% kind of IRR for the 
fill-up arrangement of the community will be fine, but the major 
objective of the capex was to carry strongly our branded business. 
And as far as the other capex, which is also part of the large capex is 
the malt capacity increase. And there, it is very much our strategic 
priority that we want to go strong on malt because of success of 
Rampur and seven expressions for Rampur. Globally, in India, we are 
also doing, last year also, we tripled our volume. And this year, again, 
we will see 25%, 30% jump in our last year volume on the Rampur. So, 
maturation capacity is also being increased that will give very strong 
bandwidth and bottom line to the company in the future. So, malt 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
maturation and malt production is another capex, which is for long-
term growth strategy point of view. 
Prolin Nandu: 
No, I appreciate that. I mean I understand that this was for long term 
in terms of sourcing our own ENA for our own P&A sales. But having 
said that, again, I mean I've been tracking this company for quite some 
time now. So, this might sound as if these are repetitive questions. But 
if we look at some of the larger players who have a very large share in 
P&A as well, they still depend on external ENA for their P&A alcohol as 
well. So, is it something very specific to the kind of alcohol that we 
make, kind of brands that we make, which requires a backward 
integration? And I mean some of our peers not wanting that backward 
integration. Anything on that, sir? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, first of all, yes, you are right. But the point is it makes a lot of 
strategic sense for us to create our own alcohol. And you see our 
market share on the white spirit, which is based mainly on account of 
the quality of alcohol, extra neutral alcohol, which we use and 
throughout India, we use our own alcohol rather than taking from 
anybody else. And that is reflected in 60% plus market share in the 
whole vodka family. 
Again, we have been able to create a craft gin. One of the reasons is, 
again, our own alcohol, which is superior quality. Third thing is that as 
far as competition is concerned, competition is also shown their intent 
that they want an integrated backward facility, two of the large 
competition have already announced that. And looking into the 
government’s very aggressive plan on ethanol, biofuel, everybody 
wants their raw material security. And we are large player of 30 million 
volume and growing by 15% plus, we want our raw material security 
for the next 5 to 10 years. 
Moderator: 
We have our next follow-up question from the line of Abhijeet Kundu 
from Antique Stock Broking. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Yes. So, it is a follow-up of one of the questions asked earlier by one of 
the participants. When we look at your overall product portfolio, you 
have a very strong vodka portfolio, which spans across P&A and then 
the luxury segment as well. But in the whisky segment, you have a very 
strong brand now in 8PM Black in the mid segment. But then there is 
this upper prestige which you had alluded to last time that you would 
come out with a product. Upper prestige and up to INR 2000, just 
below Royal Ranthambore. That segment in whisky is remaining and 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
that has a good volumes, we believe because their competitors, the 
largest competitor has a very significant chunk of its their volumes 
coming from upper prestige segment and they are also very profitable. 
So is the work on that because your work in the luxury segment has 
been excellent. Now that you have the experience of coming out with 
very strong brands in the luxury segment for you coming out with a 
high-quality upper prestige whisky should not be a big task. So, what's 
your thought process by when we can expect something in this 
segment was the INR 1,000 to INR 2,000 in Maharashtra, so to say, that 
is a segment which is hitting up amongst the competitors, the two 
bigger MNCs. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
You are absolutely right. Like if you see the history of Radico in the last 
25 years, we will be the only company which has been able to launch 
20 brands organically out of the 7 brands are millionaire. 
So, we have mapped out the entire industry. And as far as whiskey 
gold, 8PM Black is there, which we launched, which is doing very well. 
Second, we also have another whiskey After Dark, which hopefully in 
the current year will become a million-case brand. Then we attempted 
Royal Ranthambore, which is the first Indian whisky at a scotch price 
and that brand also is growing by more than 50%. And is seeing lot of 
traction. And in the luxury, Rampur is very well accepted with the 
consumer. And it's about INR 8,500 a bottle. Now we've launched 
Asava at INR 10,000. And as far as the segment, what you're talking, as 
Amar also had told earlier, we have all the products there on the 
drawing board. And at the right time, we'll get it to the market. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay sir, understood. Timeline per se you have right? Over 2 years 
whatever... 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Right now, after the success of Jaisalmer and Rampur, this is a quarter 
where Radico has launched four luxury brands at one time into the 
domestic market. So, our focus would be to consolidate that and grow 
the distribution for Rampur Asava, Jaisalmer Gold, Sangam World Malt 
and 1999 Spirit of Victory. So, I think we need to be justice to the luxury 
at the moment. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
So just one thing. I mean, these are excellent products, but the 
volumes and the market for upward prestige to the gap between the 
upper prestige and the luxury but volume is also quite large. And the 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
way the upgrades are happening and the premiumization are 
happening even in the middle to upper prestige is quite significant, 
that's why I had asked that this is a segment where a lot of profit can 
be made and a lot of profit pool and a lot of volume pool is also there? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
And as I said, you are absolutely right. It's on the drawing board and at 
the right time, you'll know about the launch. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kushagra Kejriwal, an Individual 
Investor. 
Kushagra Kejriwal: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. So, I had to just get an 
idea about the trajectory of food grain inflation and if it can affect the 
margins further. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I think the food grain inflation, I think the worst is over because the 
government is sitting on a lot of stock of rice, which they have to 
dispose. So, I think as far as the industry goes, I think we've seen the 
worst of the inflation. And I think now onwards, it will be the same or 
it will soften. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, moving forward, we will continue to deliver a strong Prestige & 
Above volume growth driven by our diverse brand portfolio. Secondly, 
we will further develop our luxury brand portfolio, which we see as a 
major contributor to our profitability. 
Furthermore, we are focused on ensuring that our investment 
operates as efficiently as possible which will enable us to generate 
cash, repay debt and return cash to the shareholders.  
We look forward to interacting with you on our next earnings call. 
Meanwhile, if you have any query or follow-up questions, please feel 
free to write to us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
