 
 
                  
 
निवेशक सेवाएँ कक्ष                                                                                                                   
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL 
 
                  
 
 
कॉर्पोरेट कार्ाालर् : 254-260, अव्वै षण्मुगम सालै, रॉर्र्पेट्टा, चेन्नै – 600 014 
Corporate Office: 254-260, Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah, Chennai – 600 014 
फोि Phone: 044-2813 4484/4698, ई-मेल Email: ibinvestorrelations@indianbank.co.in 
हमें फॉलो करें Follow us on 
 
 
          Ref. No.: ISC/153/2024-25                                                                            Date: 05.08.2024 
 
The Vice President 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: INDIANB 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code- 532814 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Post Earnings Concall / Meet  
 
 
In terms of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in 
continuation of our Letter No. ISC/141/2024-25 dated 24.07.2024 and Letter No. ISC/145/2024-
25 dated 29.07.2024 regarding Analysts / Investors Concall / Meet, we are enclosing a copy of 
Transcript of said post Earnings Concall/ Meet held by the Bank on 29.07.2024 on the Financial 
Results of the Bank for the First Quarter of FY 2024-25 ended on 30th June 2024. 
 
The Concall Transcript is also uploaded on Bank’s website and the same can be accessed 
through below link: 
 
https://www.indianbank.in/departments/concall-transcripts/  
 
 
This is for your information, record and dissemination please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Bank 
 
 
 
 
AGM & Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl: A/a 
DINA NATH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by DINA NATH KUMAR 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=f9e22b8c1b4cbe397ea1
54974bb1f6e21a396ec0948def3bce41
11484c37a148, postalCode=600014, 
ou=CO INVESTOR SERVICES CELL, 
o=INDIAN BANK, c=IN, cn=DINA NATH 
KUMAR 
Date: 2024.08.05 20:30:03 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Bank Q1 FY’25 Results  
Post Earnings Conference Call / Meet  
Held on 29.07.2024 
 
Transcript 
 
 
Management:  
 
 
Shri S L Jain  
MD & CEO  
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj  
Executive Director  
 
Shri Ashutosh Choudhury  
Executive Director 
 
Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh 
Executive Director 
 
Shri Brajesh Kumar singh 
Executive Director 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
 
Shri Kunaal N  
Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. 
 
 

Page 1 of 13 
 
Kunaal N (Host – Emkay Global) 
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all to Indian Bank's Post Results Conference 
Call for the First Quarter of Financial Year 2025, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
From the top management, we have with us, Shri Shanti Lal Jain, MD & CEO, Shri Mahesh Kumar 
Bajaj, Executive Director, Shri Ashutosh Choudhary, Executive Director, Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh, 
Executive Director and Shri Brajesh Kumar Singh, Executive Director. 
 
Please note that this call is for analysts and investors. So, if you do not fall under these two 
categories, we'd request you to kindly exit the call. I now request MD Sir to briefly summarize the 
key highlights from Q1 FY25 results followed by strategic direction, particularly in terms of growth, 
margins and asset quality, post which we will have the Q&A session. 
 
Over to you, Sir. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you, Kunaal. Good evening. A warm welcome to all the participants. Today, we declared our 
first quarter results. Our main highlights are the business of the Bank has grown by 11%, of which 
deposit has grown by 10% and advances have grown by 12%. 
 
In deposit, the CASA has grown by 6% and we could maintain our CASA ratio at ~41%. The term 
deposit has grown by 12%. In Credit growth of 12%, RAM credit (Retail, Agri and MSME) has grown 
by 13% and under RAM, retail has grown by 14%. Under Retail, housing loan has grown by 13%, 
jewel loan grown by 10%, auto loan by 55%. So put together, there's a 14% YoY. 
 
Agri has grown by 18% and the crop loan or farm credit has grown by 17% and 78% are basically 
gold loan, which has grown by 25%. Investment credit has grown by 11%, Allied Agri has grown by 
58%, Infra grew by 18% and SHG by 14%. 
 
The third one is MSME, which has grown by 6% YoY, but the Standard MSME has grown by 11% of 
which micro has grown by 14%. The corporate loan has grown by 9% YoY and the standard 
corporate loan has grown by 10%. So, you see in all the segments, our credits are growing. Our 
CASA, we are able to maintain at 41%. 
 
Now coming to the profitability, the net profit of the Bank has grown by 41%, and we reached to 
Rs.2,403 crore. The operating profit has grown by 9% YoY. The growth of operating profit is basically 
the growth in NII, which has grown by 8%. 
 
Non-interest income, too, has grown by 11%. Under non-interest income, bad debt recovery, we've 
done around Rs.504 crore and is 180%. The fee income has grown by 17%. And you see the PSLC 
from last year, we started amortizing over a period of four quarters. So, we had earned a profit of 
Rs.627 crore, Rs.157 crore we booked as income for the current quarter. 
 
So, this was the main reason of our profitability. And now coming to the margins, NIM has improved 
from 3.52% to 3.53%, the return on asset improved from 1.15% of March quarter to 1.20%, the 
likewise ROE improved from 19.06% to 19.76%, the cost to income has improved from 47.99% to 
44%. 
 
If you go deeper into the Margin part, so cost of deposit has increased from 5.01% to 5.05% and the 
yield on advance has come down from 8.81% to 8.69% and there are three, four reasons for that. 
One of the reason is the penal charges we have booked as other income, second is the interest 
reversal part and third one is less MOI recovery. These are the three factors. And as a result, the 

Page 2 of 13 
 
yield on advance has come down. But you see our yield on investment has increased from 6.88% 
to 7.15% because from last one year, we are working on investment and you see the investment 
yield is 7.15%. Here, the HTM holding yield is 7.08% and AFS is 7.17% and FVTPL is 7.79%. 
 
Now coming to the asset quality, we are maintaining collection efficiency of 95%. The GNPA which 
was 3.95% in March quarter improved to 3.77% and the net NPA which was 0.43% has improved to 
0.39%. The PCR which was 96.34% as of Mar’24 improved to 96.66% as of Jun’24. The slippage 
was Rs.1,928 crore which was 1.5% as against 1.57% of the last year. Slippages of Rs.900 crore 
came from the MSME book, close to Rs.600 crore came from the Agri book and the balance Rs.400 
crore came from the Retail book. Out of these slippages of Rs.1,900 crore, Bank has recovered 
around Rs.312 crore post June. 
 
This time again, the recoveries is more than the slippages. The recoveries is Rs.1,937 crore as 
against the slippage of Rs.1,928 crore. As far as Capital adequacy is concerned, we are better from 
the last quarter 16.44% in Mar’24 to 16.47% in Jun 24 and if you add the Q1FY25 profits it is 17% 
plus. So, this is all about our gross NPA, net NPA, our businesses, profitability and margins. 
 
Now, I request my colleague Bajaj ji to discuss about the digitization initiative and then we will be 
open for the Q&A session. 
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director 
 
Thank you, Sir. Good evening, friends, investors and analysts. Our story on digital initiatives 
continues. As far as the transaction at branch and digital transactions, it has gone up from 85% in 
Jun 23 to 90% in Jun 24. So now, digital transactions at the Bank is 90% and 10% at branch level. 
 
As far as the mobile Banking users are concerned, it has gone up from 131 lakhs in Jun 23 to 175 
lakhs in Jun 24, which is YoY 33% up and the transactions have gone up from 138 lakhs to 169 lakhs, 
which is 22% YoY up. UPI users have gone up from 142 lakhs to 185 lakhs, which is 30% YoY growth, 
and the transactions from 7,574 lakhs to 11,829 lakhs, which is 56% YoY growth. 
 
Internet Banking users have gone up from 87 lakhs to 109 lakhs, which is 26% YoY growth. Debit 
card users have gone up from 323 lakhs to 324 lakhs and credit card users have gone up from 1.70 
lakhs to 2.38 lakhs, which is YoY 40% growth. Number of POS too increased from 13,000 to 21,658, 
which is YoY 66%. As far as the digital journeys and digital initiatives are concerned, last year we 
completed 78 journeys, which gave us digital business of Rs.81,250 crore. This year we have added 
another six journeys in the last quarter and planning to add another 15 journeys in Q2 and the year 
as a whole, we are planning for 44 journeys. 
 
As far as the digital business is concerned, for this quarter, it has gone up from Rs.9,000 crore to 
Rs.36,678 crore, which is close to 4x and e-RAM, which was Rs.6,700 crore, has gone up to 
Rs.29,987 crore. On the liability side, e-deposits, which was Rs.2,414 crore in Q1FY24, went up by 
176% YoY to Rs.6,670 crore in Q1FY25. 
 
We started with our new omni-channel app last year, which we launched for the customers also, with 
app store rating for the same is 4.4 and we have launched in June 2024 for the public and now we 
have onboarded 13.71 lakh customers. And it has various added features with better UI/UX and the 
marketplace. Whatever the other apps are providing so this new app is giving all those functionalities. 
 
Thank you very much. 
 

Page 3 of 13 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
We had also guided that the deposits will be growing between 8-10% and we have grown by 10% 
in Q1. In advances, we said that we'll grow between 11- 13%. And we grew our book by 12%. 
Further, we also said that we’ll maintain our CD close to 80% and we are at 79% right now. Out of 
the full year guided recovery estimate of Rs.7,000 crore, we have recovered Rs.1,937 crore in Q1. 
Our margins was at 3.53% which is again within our guidance range of 3.4%, plus/minus 10 bps, 15 
bps. 
 
Yes, Sir, now we are open for question-and-answer. 
 
Questions and Answers 
 
Kunaal N (Host – Emkay Global) 
 
We will now open the floor for Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). Let us wait a moment for the 
queue to assemble. We have our first question from the line of Darshan Deora. Darshan, please 
unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Darshan Deora, Analyst 
 
Thank you for providing me the opportunity for asking this question. Just one question. In terms of 
CD ratio, what would be is 80% the upper limit or can we exceed 80% in the event that deposits are 
still hard to come by? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So, there is no prescription from the Reserve Bank of India for LDR but for our interest we should 
have LDR within the manageable limits. If you see on a year-on-year basis in FY24, we have grown 
deposits also by Rs.60,000 crore and advance also by Rs.60,000 crore. If you even look at the 
domestic business, both deposits and advances increased by Rs.54,000 crore each. 
 
So, in the deposit also we are growing in a very calibrated way. So, we are not having any excess 
liquidity which we can deploy at a lower rate. So, we are growing at the same speed. The issue is 
basically in raising of CASA deposits. We have taken a few measures for the same. And as a result, 
we are growing at 6-7% in the CASA side. So, we will endeavor to maintain our CD ratio, LDR close 
to 80% or so. And we are having excess SLR of close to Rs.44,000 crore and we are having LCR of 
around 120%. 
 
Darshan Deora, Analyst 
 
Got it. But if it exceeds 80% also, that's not a problem essentially. There is no prescribed limit, per 
se. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
But it is in our own interest to have this LDR within the manageable limits. 
 
Darshan Deora, Analyst 
 
Got it. Got it. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. Anybody who wishes to ask a question can raise their hand. In the meantime, we have 
some questions in the chat box. I'll read them out for you. 

Page 4 of 13 
 
So, people are asking what will be the impact of the new draft LCR norms which has come up. Most 
Banks, large Banks have talked about impacts to the tune of 10% to 14%. So, what do you think will 
be the impact for Indian Bank? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So, the new guidelines have come around two days back. Basically, two things have happened. They 
have increased the run-off factor for retail deposits by 5% and other than the retail also by 5%. So, 
we think the impact for us will be close to 4-5% on LCR. 
 
And the second one, what they have done in HQLA also, they have talked about whether the 
discounting factor will be applicable. As on date, even our HQLA assets, basically, excess SLR’s 
market value is more than the book value, virtually. Because you see the market value of 10-year G-
sec is 6.96-6.97% and our holding is at 7.15%. 
 
So, the overall impact will be around 4-5% on LCR and our LCR shall accordingly come down from 
120% to 115% or so.  
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Okay. Thank you. The next question is, one of your peer PSU Bank actually reported two large 
accounts in SMA bucket. So, do you also see some stress in the corporate book and how much is 
our SMA 0, 1 and 2 book? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
We have disclosed our SMA number. I think our SMA declined from 0.48% in Mar 24 to 0.47% in 
Jun 24. So, in our SMA book we have 2 corporate SMA accounts – Rs.263 crore and Rs.102 crore 
– summing up to Rs.365 crore, which is not a higher amount considering our size. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshan. Darshan, please unmute yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Darshan, Analyst 
 
Good evening, Sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. I just wanted to ask, what would be 
your guidance for ROA and credit cost. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So, credit cost, which was around 0.73% last quarter has come down to 0.71% or so. So, our credit 
cost will be lower than 0.71% and we are continuously declining. As far as ROA is concerned, it is 
in an increasing bias – it was 1.15% last quarter and now it is 1.20%. So, our endeavor is to do 
better. 
 
Darshan, Analyst 
 
Okay. Fair enough, Sir. And just wanted to understand the market dynamics. Like, with deposits, 
may be a bit harder to get, will there be an impact on NIM may be coming in H2 or something? 
Because I just wanted to understand the landscape. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So, you want to know the deposit cost or the deposit amount? 

Page 5 of 13 
 
Darshan, Analyst 
 
No, no, like how is the deposit market, are we facing competition? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Okay. So, point is the market is tight, you know. And the credit growth is happening. So, we are 
seeing that the credit growth will be more than the deposit growth. Even the FSR of the Reserve 
Bank of India also said that the cycle of high credit growth and the low deposit growth will continue 
even for one year or so. 
 
So, we think that going forward also, the deposit will continue to be a challenge. But what we are 
doing for that is that we are managing our portfolio both side, liability side and asset side. You know 
on the asset side, 61% of our book is in MCLR. So, what happens with the increase in cost, we are 
also increasing our MCLR? So, increase in MCLR will take care of increase in our cost. And at the 
same time, the investment book is also giving us a good return. So, that interest rate may slightly 
increase because of the tight liquidity condition and because of the need, because the credit growth 
is happening. 
 
Darshan, Analyst 
 
Okay. Fair enough, Sir. And just wanted to know in case RBI cuts rate this financial year, what kind 
of impact would that be for us? Will that be positive for our NIM? Because our deposits are secured 
and so what would happen in case if there is a cut? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
If you see the CPI inflation is still at 4.8% which is above the RBI comfort level of 4%. Of course, 
globally the interest rate can come down. But domestically, I am seeing that the interest rate will take 
time to come down. Even if hypothetically, it happens whatever our advance is based on the repo 
will slightly come down. But at the same time, the deposit cost will also come down if the situation 
so remains.  
 
But we are adequately covered by way of MCLR, by way of investment. So, yield side, we are fully 
protected. On the cost side also, our endeavor is to maintain our cost. So, you see even in this 
increasing interest scenario and all, we could maintain our cost of deposit growth by which had 
increased by only 3-4bps. 
 
Darshan, Analyst 
 
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you so much for answering all my questions. That's it from my side. Thank 
you, Sir. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey. Sushil, please unmute yourself and 
ask your question. Sushil, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
Congratulations to management and team of Indian Bank for excellent performance. Sir, my first 
question is on cost to income. Can we see 40% within a year's time? 

Page 6 of 13 
 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you, Sushil ji. You see our cost to income ratio has come down from 47% to 44% in the current 
quarter. But our endeavor is to come down, but below 40% is, it may take time, Sir. So, may be 1 or 
2 basis points here and there. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
Sir, with the digital initiatives and the capabilities which you have created within the Bank, it can 
enhance lot of capabilities within your Bank in terms of cross-sell, business relationship, tapping 
multiple channels which cost might not be high, rather, the profitability will grow. So, will it not impact 
the balance sheet or you feel that expenditure will exceed revenue side for right now? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
No, I agree with you. So, but it will not change dramatically. We'll get some benefit slowly in the time 
to come. But immediately, it will not change dramatically. We are working on digitization and on cost 
reductions as well. And at the same time, you see CASA is a challenge. So, if you grow further, 
naturally, major part of your funding will be through the term deposits. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
Sir, today our G-sec stands at 6.92% at close. A likely scenario based on LCR and global market, if 
we head to 6.8%, how would you rebalance between treasury and credit? Because I think there 
would be substantial profit which may arise to the Bank. At the same time, credit demand at your 
end is very high. So, win-win situation for Indian Bank to capitalize on it because you, being among 
the one of the most efficient Banks compared to peers, how do you see the profitability stack up? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
You see, today, I'm sitting in a holding yield of 7.15%. Or even the FVTPL or HFT, the holding is 
7.79% and AFS is 7.17%. So of course, as against the 6.92%, we are at a better position. And we 
are having the excess SLR of Rs.44,000 crore. So, there is a good amount of cushion is available. 
So, if the opportunities will come, naturally, we will encash that opportunity and grow. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
Sir, I would like to get some views on your retail and international book. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
If you see our Retail book basically 70% of retail is a housing loan, which is growing at 13%. And 
from the CIBIL point of view or from the bureau score point of view, around 85%, 90% is even beyond 
750 or so. So, we are underwriting a better quality customer. 
 
And second one is the auto loan, we are growing at 50%. We have had a number of DSAs even for 
the auto loan. We are growing in the jewel loan also at 10%. So, this entire retail piece is growing 
13-14%. Virtually, we have sanctioned 22-23%. But you see in retail, what happens, the repayment 
too comes. So as compared to last year, our growth is 22% in sanctions. And we are continuously 
doing sanctions to maintain this growth of 13-14%. 
 
And for that part, we have also opened seven RAPCs more. So, that our sanctions will grow and 
retail will continue to grow. In the agri side also, 78% is a gold loan, which is growing at 25%. So 

Page 7 of 13 
 
majority is in the gold. Or even the SHG also, we are growing good. And we are doing this business 
for 16-17 years now, where the delinquency level is low. 
 
So, we are concentrating where we are having better margin and better asset quality. Of-late even 
in MSME, our onboarding is more of a low-risk assets. So that way, quality-wise, we are better. And 
we will continue to grow in that way. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
And Sir, your outlook on gold loan and international book? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
We are growing good on our International book too. Basically, in overseas, advances have grown by 
27%. So, we'll continue to focus on a syndication loan because the margins are better - ECB as 
against the buyer's credit or trade finance. 
 
Even last week I was in Sri Lanka because we are having 2 branches there also, we are shifting our 
business from the buyer's credit / trade finance, to the syndication, or even the customers who are 
having import and exports from the Sri Lanka. So, opportunities are there along with good margins 
and we are growing there also. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
So, the manufacturing sector is growing well from states where Indian Bank has a rich presence and 
so was your earlier avatar of Allahabad Bank. So how are we capitalizing and what kind of unavailed 
or sanctioned credit is visible over a period of next one year? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
As you rightly said, we have better industrial and manufacturing facilities in Tamil Nadu and so good 
opportunities here. So, what we are doing, we have started our mid-corporate branches/ centres 
which is headed by a GM. We are having a good growth of 25-30% in these centres and the margins 
are also good. The customer base is also increasing. And today, we are having close to 27 mid-
corporate branches and we are adding two more in Erode and Namakkal, which is in Tamil Nadu. 
Huge opportunities are there. So, we are focusing on that and growing our business. And that is why 
our NII is growing and margins are better. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
So, any color on the gold loan book? On the expansion side? I know you are doing very well. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
We are having, virtually, close to Rs.81,000 crore of a gold loan book. And obviously, Rs.73,000-
74,000 crore, is in Agri, which is growing at 23%. And we are now having 650 gold loan branches, 
which is basically doing gold loan and these branches are equipped with karat meters to check the 
quality of the golds. So, there are good opportunities here and margins are better and growth 
opportunities are there. So, we'll continue to focus on that. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
So, can you surprise on the margins on the positive side ahead of your guidance in the year? I know 
you won't answer, but still my job is to ask. 
 

Page 8 of 13 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Sir, we should always be conservative in giving guidance and performing better than what we say. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst 
 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you for answering all my questions and best wishes to the management team 
for the year to come. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibha Batra. Vibha, kindly unmute yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Vibha Batra, Analyst 
 
My question is actually on fresh slippages. If we see fresh slippages at Rs.1,928 crore for the quarter, 
they have gone up significantly vis-a-vis previous quarter and also previous year. And you've given 
the breakup here. So MSME seems to be worsening the most. And I think retail, may be quarter four 
of last year was an aberration at Rs.126 crore. That has gone back to its normal levels. 
So, on asset quality, I have two questions. One is that what is the outlook on slippages? Is this the 
new norm? And second is, there seems to be some AUC recovery. Is that abnormally high, or do 
you think that will be the trend for rest of the year, too? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
We are definitely not happy with slippages of Rs.1,900 crore. There are two, three reasons for this. 
One is, of course, the seasonality is involved. Second one is, in the first quarter, because of election, 
and heat waves, there is a problem in getting money. But what happened, out of Rs.1,928 crore, so 
far, we could recover Rs.312 crore. So that impact will come in the next quarter. 
 
And what happens, here in the agriculture, majority of this is basically a farm credit. So, we are 
working on that. And we will continue to show our recovery more than the slippage. And this is, of 
course, not a new normal. 
 
Vibha Batra, Analyst 
 
It is not a new normal, you say. Okay. We hope for the best. And the AUC recovery, is there some 
chunky accounts here? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
We said that we will have close to Rs.2,000 crore of AUC recovery. So out of that, we have recovered 
Rs.500 crore. Fact remains that today, we are having a gross NPA of Rs.20,000 crore and an 
Rs.40,000 crore of TWO book. So major recovery, naturally, will come from the TWO book. 
 
Vibha Batra, Analyst 
 
Okay. But it wasn't the same last quarter. 
 
 

Page 9 of 13 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Last quarter was also more. But in the corresponding period, it was Rs.178 crore. As against this, it 
is Rs.500 crore. 
 
Vibha Batra, Analyst 
 
Okay. So, do you think you can maintain, say, Rs.1,500 crore for rest of the year on AUC recovery? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Yes. We have targeted ourselves a total recovery of Rs.7,000 crore, Rs.7,000 crore plus. So of 
course, the major part of this can come in the AUC. 
 
Vibha Batra, Analyst 
 
Okay. And my other question is, if I look at your Tier 1 and compare it to your net worth, there is a 
difference of Rs.7,749 crore. Your net worth, as per the details that you've given, is Rs.60,803 crore. 
And your Tier 1 equity is Rs.53,054 crore. So net worth is higher as compared to Rs.7,749 crore. 
This haircut is on account of intangibles such as properties or is there is something else? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
As per the RBI guideline, you can't consider full amount of revaluation reserve for CET 1. You have 
to take only 45%. So that is one factor. Second factor is that you can consider your DTA only up to 
the 10% of your CET 1 capital as per the Basel law. So always there will be a difference, madam. 
 
Vibha Batra, Analyst 
 
Okay. So technically, then when you're giving your book value, you should possibly give as per the 
net Tier 1 that you're showing and also as per net worth. Because there is a huge difference, 14%, 
15% difference, broadly speaking. And RBI may not allow it to be included as Tier 1 capital because 
it's not really available for risk absorption. That’s all from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra. Jai, please unmute yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Yes. Hi, Sir. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on your term 
extension, Sir. Sir, a few questions. First on this new guidelines on investment revaluation, there is 
a rise in the yield on investment, right, which is a sizable rise on a QoQ basis. Now, considering part 
of that is because of the now amortization being allowed in AFS, should we think that this yield on 
investment should remain here, I mean, broadly? Or is it one-time exercise that helped increase the 
yield on investment? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
No, Sir. It will remain, Sir. It will remain as per the new guidelines. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Right. Okay. And secondly, Sir, I see in the notes to account that there is a credit in the AFS reserve, 
but there is a debit in the general reserve. If you could explain, Sir, what explains this, the negative? 
 

Page 10 of 13 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
When you move to the new regime, naturally, there is a difference in the book value and the fair 
value of FVTPL. So, the difference has been debited to the general reserve. But in an AFS book 
where you have an MTM gain, which earlier used to flow through P&L account is now going to a 
reserve account - AFS reserve account. 
 
We have gone with a different strategy. We have done our reclassification by keeping 2-3 objectives in 
our mind. One objective is to have a better HTM yield so that Bank will consistently give a better 
result. So as a result, our HTM yield is 7.08%. You will find a difference when you compare with 
other Banks. 
 
Second point is that we are having an AFS book of close to Rs.65,000 crore and our excess SLR is 
Rs.44,000 crore. So, this Rs.44,000 crore, we have kept in a AFS. In case of need, we can always 
have. 
 
Third point is that FVTPL, our yield is a 7.79% where we can always make money. So, we have gone 
with the different, different objectives. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Okay. All right, Sir. Thanks. And secondly, Sir if you can bifurcate your loan mix by benchmarks, like 
repo and MCLR. And do you have any corporate loans linked with T-bills or the entire external 
benchmark is repo only? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
61% book of our book is linked to MCLR and the external T-bill may be Rs.1,000 crore but not much. 
Basically, we are a margin conscious Bank. So, we grow only in profitable way. Within the MCLR 
also, around 80% is on a one-year MCLR. So that way, that will always give us a support. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Right. Sir, is it right to say that your MCLR proportion has increased? Because I remember it was 
slightly at the mid-fifties level. Has that increased? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
No, since last three, four quarter, it is 61%. Prior to that, it was slightly less, 59%. Continuously, we 
are maintaining that. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Okay. Okay. And Sir, why not do T-bills? Because it looks like that T-bills will capture more 
concurrent, let us say, change in the interest rate, right? Or that is not a right understanding. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
But point is our deposit are not on T-bill. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
But they're not on repo also, right? 
 
 

Page 11 of 13 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
But so, that is a regulatory requirement. Rest is based on whatever increase in cost, I should be able 
to pass on. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Okay. Okay. Sure. And Sir, lastly, on LDR, right? So, we are 79-80% LDR. Is that the optimum LDR? 
Or you think you still have few basis point more scope to improve? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
LDR we are at 79%, 1 or 2% here and there we can go and basically what we do is we raise 
resources based on the need also. So, we basically match everything. You see on a QoQ basis how 
our deposit and credit growth is happening. Even on a full year basis, last year deposit growth was 
Rs.67,000 crore and credit growth was also Rs.60,000 crore. Likewise, whole year you see from Jun 
23 to Jun 24, it is matching. So, we are matching in this concept and we can raise the resources. 
Point is that you have to pay slightly higher. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Right. So, cost of deposit has inched up only by 2-3 basis points. How do you look at cost of deposits, 
Sir? Because your capital is healthy and you're doing a calibrated 11-12% kind of a growth. In that 
context, how should one look at the cost of deposit? Would it keep rising up or it has plateaued or 
how do you look at it? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Cost of Deposit is slightly higher because the Banks are taking money at a special term deposit rate. 
So, cost of deposit may further inch up by 3 bps-5bps. But we have increased the interest rates in 
MCLR book too during June and July by 5 bps each. So, this, coupled with the healthy investment 
income will also support in maintaining our margins. 
So, that Income will come again in the P&L, slightly Cost and Income will increase and of course the 
Investment will also support us. 
So, that way we are trying to maintain our margins. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst 
 
Understood, Sir. That is very, very helpful, Sir. Thank you and all the very best. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. Anybody who wishes to ask a question can raise their hands. In the meanwhile, there 
was one question in the chat box from Mayank Gulgulia from SBI Life. He was asking, what was the 
reason for increase in the slippages in the MSME segment and what is the outlook going forward? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
So, I told you that because of the three, four reasons. It was because of seasonality, heatwaves and 
election related effects. There are a number of factors. And we have recovered part of the money 
also. And our recovery was higher than the slippage. 
 
 

Page 12 of 13 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Right. The next question is from the line of Manish. Manish, please unmute yourself and ask your 
question. 
 
Manish, Analyst 
 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is regarding one of the budget proposal, wherein 
PSU Banks have been asked to develop independent assessment model to lend to MSME based 
on digital footprint. Since we are one of the prominent Bank in MSME space, do we have any model 
right now? Had we back-tested those model? How do you see this proposal by the government to 
the PSUs? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Well, this is a good move from the government. At present also, based on the GST return, CMR 
scores and balance sheet, we are having our own model based on which we are giving credit to the 
customer. And you see, I'm telling you the delinquency level on those kind of digital lending is lower 
than the others. So, we are having our own system, which is based on the GST - means your 
turnover, your purchase, your sales, financial statement - and also based on the CMR ranking, CMR 
tax care of your credit or your conduct of account. After considering all these factors together, we 
are giving the facilities and further we'll develop based on the needs. So, we are having, Sir and we 
are open for others, because it will be developed by IB and all. So, we'll give our comments there 
also. 
 
Manish, Analyst 
 
But Sir, are you confident of managing the credit quality in this space, if you start lending without any 
proper records or account statement? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So, when we give credit based on ITR and in ITR 2,3 and 4, it provides us with the entire balance 
sheet and we have a CMR which takes care of your conduct. And the GST which takes care of your 
purchases, says whether the same purchases, says whether the buyer or seller is submitting the 
return. So, we can do Sir. 
 
Manish, Analyst 
 
Okay. Just one follow-up on this. Does it open new lending avenues for us in MSME space? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Definitely, Sir, because what happens, there are two issues in MSME with access to credit. So, if 
you offer a product digitally, naturally the access to credit will increase. 
 
Further now, the new schemes have also come that, in a Mudra, Tarun, wherever the money has 
been paid, you can give more, from Rs.10 lakh to Rs.20 lakh. So, there is a good opportunity to lend 
those borrowers who have repaid. My customer who have already repaid, will come back to me and 
I will give more loan. So, opportunities will be there, Sir. 
 
Manish, Analyst 
 
Got it, Sir. Thanks for answering. 
 

Page 13 of 13 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. Anybody who wishes to ask a question can raise their hands. Sir, there's one question 
in the chat. What will be the impact of the draft project financing and the ECL norms? And do you 
plan to raise capital to fend off the impact of the same? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So, first point is that guidelines are draft. Second point is that the draft guidelines tells you to make 
2% provision by FY25, 3.5% provision by FY26 and then 5% by FY27. And that 2% also you can 
amortize over a period of four quarters. 
 
So virtually it comes to 0.5% per quarter, which is not a material amount as compared to my total 
book. Of course, there will be an impact on my P&L because of the charging, but we will also charge 
the customer. So, this is an opportunity also to make some money to us. And that will not be a major 
impact considering the present projects in hand. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Okay. How much of PSLC fees have you booked in Q1 and what is the outlook for the same? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
So that's Rs.627 crore of PSLC commission we booked. And as per our policy, we amortize over four 
quarters and thus Rs.157 crore is booked in the current quarter. And remaining we have carried 
forward to be booked in the remaining three quarters. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Got it. And was there any reversal of penal interest from interest income in the current quarter? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Yes, around Rs.42 crore has been booked, has shifted from the interest income to the other income. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Got it. So, we will take that as the last question. With this, we come to the end of the Indian Bank's 
post-results conference call of Q1FY25. 
I now request the management to give their closing remarks. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO 
 
Thank you all the participants for having active interest in the Bank and please keep supporting us 
and your support will give us more motivation to do better. Thank you. 
 
Kunaal N (Host - Emkay Global) 
 
Thank you. On behalf of the management, I thank all the participants for joining. Happy evening and 
have a good day. 
 
 
