 
 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
Corporate Office: 4th Floor, OIA House, 470, Cardinal Gracious Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai 400 099, India. 
Registered Oﬃce: Plot No. 170-172, Chandramouli Industrial Estate, Mohol Bazarpeth, Solapur - 413 213, India. 
T: 91 22 68297979 CIN: L74900PN2011PLC139963 E: complianceoﬃcer@glenmarklifesciences.com W: www.glenmarklifesciences.com 
 
 
 August 02, 2024  
 
To,                                                                                              To,  
Dy. General Manager                                                             The Manager – Listing,  
Department of Corporate Services,                                    National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
BSE Ltd.,                                                                                    Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,                                                      Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001                                                         Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
Ref: Scrip Code: 543322                                                          Ref: Scrip Name: GLS  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Calls   
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the transcript of Earning Call held on Friday, 
July 26, 2024 for the first quarter ended June 30, 2024 is available on website of the Company 
at:  
https://www.glenmarklifesciences.com/pdf/Transcript_Earnings%20Call_Q1_FY25.pdf 
 
The said transcript is also attached.  
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
  
Rudalf Corriea  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Encl: As above 
 
 
RUDALF 
JOSEPH 
CORRIEA
Digitally signed by 
RUDALF JOSEPH 
CORRIEA 
Date: 2024.08.02 
17:37:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 26, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. YASIR RAWJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GLENMARK LIFE 
SCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. TUSHAR MISTRY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GLENMARK LIFE SCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MS. SOUMI RAO – GENERAL MANAGER – CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS – GLENMARK LIFE SCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Glenmark Life Sciences Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Soumi Rao from Glenmark Life Sciences. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Soumi Rao: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to this early morning earnings call of 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. From Glenmark Life 
Sciences, we have with us Dr. Yasir Rawjee, our MD and CEO; and Mr. Tushar Mistry, our 
CFO. Our Board has approved the results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. We've released 
the same to the stock exchanges and updated it in our website. Please note, that the recording 
and the transcript of this call will be available on the website of the company. 
 
Now I'd like to draw your attention to the fact that some of the information shared as part of this 
call, especially information with respect to our plans and strategies, may contain certain forward-
looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on current 
expectations, forecasts and assumptions that are subject to risks, which could cause the actual 
results to differ materially from these statements depending upon the economic conditions 
government policies and other incidental factors. Such statements should not be regarded by 
recipients as a substitute of their own judgment. 
 
The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Our actual results may differ 
materially from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
With that, I invite Dr. Yasir Rawjee, to say a few words. Thank you and over to you, Dr. Rawjee. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Soumi, thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. I'm happy to 
report that FY '25 has started on a positive note. Before getting into our performance, let me give 
you a quick overview on the industry trends impacting our business. 
 
So in spite of geopolitical tension and economic challenges, the global economic outlook is 
showing signs of improvement. Now optimism regarding the U.S. economy has risen 
substantially. Asia continues to inspire positive expectation, and we are more hopeful about 
China going forward. Europe faces some challenge on the demand outlook. So moderate growth 
is anticipated for the rest of the world, with a slight improvement in expectation since January. 
Inflation also seems to have come under control. Within our industry now, demand has seen a 
rebound in the first quarter. And this is good news. So we expect it to continue. 
 
Now coming to our performance, after a fairly challenging quarter 4 last year, we have witnessed 
recovery in growth. So we are reporting close to 10% sequential growth. And this shows that 
the business is strong and resilient. And during the quarter, we've achieved broad-based growth 
across the geographies. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Our GPL business also witnessed strong recovery with -- on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we were 
up nearly 18%. And on our regular external business, the non-GPL business, we have seen even 
Japan sort of reviving after it had bottomed out last year. So Q1 was the first full quarter without 
the PLI benefit to GLS. So this has had an impact on gross margins. We had made the investor 
community aware that this was coming. And so we've had some challenge in the gross margins 
and slightly unfavourable product mix has also contributed to lower gross margins. 
 
On the positive side, though, our employee cost has normalized and has come under 10% of 
revenue. So the net result of all this is that our EBITDA margins are now at around 28%, which 
was what we had guided to. 
 
The CDMO segment continues to grow steadily, and we expect this business to pick up from Q3 
onwards. On our pipeline, we have been consistently filling the pipeline across the globe with 
filings to match our growth aspirations. As on June 30, our total DMF and CEP filings have 
crossed 532 with cardiovascular and central nervous system disorder therapies seeing the highest 
filings to the tune of 251. We added 5 new products to our pipeline with 3 high potency APIs 
and 2 synthetic small molecules. 
 
So all in all, the high-potency API pipeline is now 20 products with a total addressable market 
of 40 billion, 4 products have already been validated and 4 are in advanced stages of 
development. 
 
Now coming to expansion, additional capacities at Ankleshwar will kick in, in quarter 2. And 
Dahej, our new pharma capacity will also become operational in quarter 2. So we remain 
confident for the rest of FY '25 and our commitment to deliver high-quality innovative solutions 
to our customers remains. 
 
Now coming to a recent issue, which would have caught your attention. A couple of days back, 
we got a closure notice from the Gujarat Pollution Control Board, citing pollution issues outside 
our plant. So while the situation is not good and it has come as a surprise because we have been 
in compliance all along. However, we are taking immediate action to remedy the situation, are 
fully cooperating with authorities to address their concerns and implement corrective actions as 
soon as possible to ensure compliance with regulations. 
 
Let's understand, as a company, our commitment to environmental sustainability is ironclad and 
non-negotiable. So given this position that we have always maintained, we are on the job and 
are going to resolve this matter as soon as possible. 
 
So with that, I'll hand over to Mr. Tushar Mistry, our CFO. Thank you. 
Tushar Mistry: 
Thank you, Dr. Yasir. Hello, and good morning, everyone. Once again, I welcome you all to our 
Q1 FY '25 earnings call. Following Dr. Yasir's commentary, let me briefly take you through the 
key performance highlights for the quarter ended 30th June 2024. Post which, we will open the 
floor for questions. 
 
Our revenue from operations for Q1 FY '25 were at INR588 crores, up 9.7% quarter-on-quarter. 
The gross profit for Q1 FY '25 was at INR301 crores at 51.1% compared to 55.5% in Q4 FY 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
'24. The decline in gross margins can be attributed to the discontinuation of PLI benefit as well 
as product mix. 
 
The EBITDA for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR165 crores, up 14.1% quarter-on-quarter with EBITDA 
margins at 28%, which is within our guided range. Starting this quarter, employee costs have 
normalized and have come down under 10% of revenue mark. PAT for Q1 FY '25 stood at 
INR111 crores with PAT margins of 18.9%. Overall, Q1 FY '25 is showing signs of improved 
demand environment. 
 
Moving on to the segmental performance for the quarter. Our Generic API clocked a revenue of 
INR535 crores, a growth of 10.5% quarter-on-quarter and 6.2% year-on-year. All geographies 
have seen good growth, more particularly regions like India, Japan and ROW led the growth 
during the quarter. Demand for our CDMO products was back and revenues grew by 20.2% 
quarter-on-quarter and was at INR43 crores for Q1 FY '25. 
 
Within our Therapeutic Mix, the CVS and CNS portfolios continued to drive growth. Chronic 
therapies contributed 67% of the revenue in Q1 FY '25. R&D expenditure for Q1 FY '25 stood 
at INR17 crores that is 3% of sales. 
 
Let me quickly touch upon the balance sheet and cash flow movements as well, starting with 
working capital. Working capital for Q1 FY '25 was at 167 days. Our capex for Q1 FY '25 was 
INR43 crores. We continue to remain a net debt free company. During Q1 FY '25, we generated 
strong free cash flow of INR121 crores leading to cash and cash equivalents of INR426 crores 
as of 30 June, 2024. 
 
Overall, we are hopeful of continuing the growth momentum in coming quarters with stable 
margins on the back of improving demand environment. With that, let's open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Ahmed Madha: 
Just to understand this notice from the Gujarat Pollution Control Board, can you give some sense 
what is this about, what is the reasoning behind their notice? Like, I just want to understand what 
is the core issue from their perspective? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay. So the way how this works is that the Pollution Control Board samples water discharge 
from the industries across. We are, of course, part of that industrial area. And so there was 
sampling done during very heavy rains. And there was a more than usual discharge from storm 
water drains. And we were told that our samples that were taken outside our plant had exceeded 
the limits on COD and a few other parameters. And so as a result of this, a closure notice was 
issued. 
 
We have been sort of taken by surprise because, we always comply with limits on discharge. 
And so this has exceeded the limits that are in place. And so on the basis of this, we were issued 
a closure notice. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Now obviously, we are working with authorities to get this sorted out. But at the same time, we 
are also looking internally to see if something could have gone wrong internally and what needs 
to be done in order to rectify the problem. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And could there be a major production issue from our end because of this? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
See, we have not stopped production immediately simply because we have to bring the plant to 
a safe state. And this has been discussed with PCB. The GPCB at the time of the notice was 
issued, they understand, they've given us time. So as we speak, production has not completely 
stopped. But yes, the intent is to comply with the PCB notice, and so this will be done. 
 
While at the same time, like I said, we are going to fix this issue if we do identify that there is 
one. As far as impact, there obviously will be some impact, but then considering that this has 
come at a time where we still have 2 months into for the quarter, we should be able to catch up 
with any production loss as a result of this temporary closure. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. My second question was understanding the gross margins a little better. I understand the 
PLI has gone off, so that's fine. Just to understand the broad range, is it that 51 is sort of a bottom 
quartile range in terms of gross margins. Is it fair to assume that way? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Even we would assume that way. We don't see the margins going below this. This has been a 
unique quarter where, again, the product mix has been one of the major causes for the reduction 
in the gross margins, both product mix in the GPL business as well as in the non-GPL business 
has impacted this. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. But if I look at the mix in terms of regulated markets, it is higher than what it was last 
quarter. It is better in terms of your therapy mix. Core therapy mix share is still the same. GPL 
business share is still the same. So, broadly, is it just a product-specific issue like other product-
specific changes? Or how should I think about it? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes, Ahmed. See, we have a very large product basket. So there will be products in the basket 
with lower margins, even in the regulated markets as well as with the GPL business. So some of 
those products would be higher in volume in this quarter. And that's the reason why these 
margins are lower. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charul Agrawal from Bank of America. 
Charul Agrawal: 
Firstly, I wanted to understand more about the demand outlook. You had shared the guidance of 
mid- to high-teens growth for the external business. Now looking at this particular quarter and 
seeing that part of the capex has also been pushed down, how should we think about growth for 
FY '25-'26? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So the demand outlook, like we said, is good. Obviously, it doesn't reflect the overall numbers. 
But when we really carve it out, the non-GPL business has grown quite nicely. And what we see 
in terms of the upcoming demand is much, much better. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
The good part for us is that most of our regions have delivered. And again, the growth outlook 
for the next couple of quarters at least looks very strong across regions. Now, obviously, you're 
using the capex as a kind of surrogate marker. But the point here is that our brownfield 
expansions that we have engaged in, in this last year, 1.5 years have come into play and will 
basically give us a pretty good runway for the next 1.5 years to be able to take care of this 
additional demand. 
 
So nothing to worry. We have gone now pretty aggressively on the Solapur buildup. So the first 
phase should get done in about 18 to 20 months from now. And so while the brownfield fills up, 
we will have Solapur coming in as well. 
Charul Agrawal: 
So sir, does that mean that the medium-term growth outlook remains unchanged? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. 
Charul Agrawal: 
My second question is on the CDMO business. There was a multiyear agreement that was 
supposed to come into it. I think it has been also pushed back slightly. And you also mentioned 
that there is one other deal that is expected to be finalized. So can you share more colour on the 
CDMO outlook? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay. So our fourth project, which we signed in November with this Japanese innovator, okay, 
was signed in November. Commercial will start as soon as we start getting regulatory approvals. 
We have supplied the validation quantities, which were then taken by them for exhibit batches 
and variation filing. We expect that commercial supplies for this business should start in Q3, but 
it could spillover into Q4 as well. 
 
Coming to the fifth project, this is well on track and we are likely to see commercial supply 
starting off in late Q3, early Q4 again. So this is all driven by regulatory approvals that both 
these projects need to get. So it's all in the course of things really. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay Karpe from Shriram Life Insurance. 
Vijay Karpe: 
Yes, so my first question is with respect to the CDMO business. So I understand that we do 
generic CDMO. So at any point of time, will we consider getting into CDMO which caters to 
the Phase I, Phase II, Phase III trial because what I -- even though individual's life may be finite, 
the company has an infinite life and we would like to get into that part of the CDMO business? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
That entire segment of the business requires fresh investments in R&D as well as in 
manufacturing. And it has a very long gestation period. We have explained this to the investor 
community many times that given the kind of uncertainty in this business segment because of -
- primarily because of attrition, we believe that these are long bets to take, and we've got to make 
lots of investments upfront in R&D with this kind of FTE kind of work. 
 
So we prefer shorter gestation projects, right? Because given the kind of portfolio depth that we 
have, we can comfortably prospect business in this segment, at least for the next 3 to 5 years. 
I'm not seeing any kind of let-up in our ability to prospect business in the segments that we have 
selected. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Vijay Karpe: 
Okay. The second question is on pricing. So how has been the pricing pressure in the first 
quarter? And are our margins expected to remain stable at these levels in the medium to long 
term? Or they are expected to drift a little lower? And if that happens, are we expected to 
maintain our ROCs also at the 30% mark? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
See margins like Tushar explained some time back, right, that we probably are at a relatively 
low point in terms of margin that we have reported this quarter. It doesn't look like it's going to 
get worse from here, okay? So we will comfortably maintain margins at this level or even 
beyond. And this is just a quarter phenomenon with the kind of mix. So we are comfortable 
meeting margins. 
Vijay Karpe: 
And the pricing pressure? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. So pricing pressure has not been there, okay? I mean we are seeing normal erosion.  And 
that's very, very common in our business. I mean every company faces this kind of challenge. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Vijay, are you done with your questions? 
Vijay Karpe: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors LLP. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Just a couple of questions. One is that we are starting to hear that the funding winter for start-
ups, especially in the biotech area, is starting to get a little bit better. Does that have any feed 
through impact or better cash flows, like pharmaceuticals? Does it have any feed through impact 
on your business or not really? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
It will definitely have an impact because many of these companies, right, that have kind of -- 
had this kind of revival on the financing side are also into specialty. So the one element of our 
CDMO is specialty play. And I can tell you that the kind of interest we've had from the specialty 
segment mainly from the U.S. has been much better than what we'd seen last year. So it's 
happening. 
 
The other element that you may also want to consider is that full Biosecure act, right? And it's 
benefit to Indian companies especially ones that are catering to the more innovative side of 
business is beginning to play out as well. So, yes, answer to your question is, yes, it will 
definitely work for us in the right direction. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Second question is that you're steadily building up cash on the balance sheet again. With the new 
sort of change in ownership, any thoughts on cash allocation and distribution of dividend or 
dividend policy? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes, Ashwini, I mean, see the dividend payout may not be as high as what it used to be in the 
past. We have paid almost INR21.50 each year as dividend in the past, which is like almost 
1000% or more than 2000% of our paid-up capital. But you will not see this kind of increase or 
this kind of dividend outflow. We have already laid out our capex plan. We have informed the 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
investors that the current year's capex plan is going to be in the range of INR300 crores to 
INR350 crores. 
 
So the capex outlay is high for the current year as well as for the coming year. So the cash 
utilization on the capex front is going to be high. So we will sit on some bit of cash and there 
will be some element of dividend payout as well. But as I mentioned, it will not be as high as 
what you have seen in the past. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
So the capex, INR350 crores this year and there's a similar number for fiscal '26 as well? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. Because Solapur has to complete Phase I, okay? And in this year's capex, Solapur just 
getting started. Like we said, Solapur will be done in about 20 months from now. So that will 
pick up this financial year as well as next. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
But our overall target of 1.3x to 1.5x capex to revenue potential and steady margins, those 
parameters remain the same? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Can you please repeat? 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
What I'm saying is that the revenue potential of new capex at 1.3x to 1.5x the amount of money 
invested, that remains in place. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, Ashwini, let's contextualize this a little bit here that while we would be going for approvals 
by regulators of the new Solapur facility, we still have a sizable ROW business that can be 
serviced out of the new capacity. So yes, we will be able to utilize that as soon as it is up and 
running. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, I have first question that we have large dependence on our one customer erstwhile promoter 
also, which is around approximately 30%. So what is our strategy to derisk kind of dependence 
on one customer? And how do we really see over the next couple of years, it will play out? And 
once they've moved out of the ownership, so are you facing any kind of pricing challenges from 
them? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Pricing with Glenmark Pharma has always been at arm's length. This is something that we've 
had for the last 5 years now, even when we were part of the Glenmark Group. Now when you 
say derisk, right, see other business is growing faster. So there will be a natural reduction in 
terms of the percentage contribution to our business.  But given the fact that we do more than 65 
projects commercially with Glenmark Pharma, it is very unlikely that there is any big risk to this 
business and Glenmark Pharma would walk away from us. That is very unlikely. 
 
And so given the fact that we continue to give them good prices -- market prices. They have no 
reason to go away because even if they wanted to go away over the R&D overhead to make 
changes is very big. And I don't see any reason why they should. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
In fact, this quarter itself, this is the first quarter, which is outside of Glenmark's ownership. And 
this quarter has been pretty good, I would say. I mean, we've had a good number of products and 
good revenue coming out of that business. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Fair, sir. And are we getting a new project also from the Glenmark Pharma or still now 
that you would like to restrict the 65, what we hear? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
No. In fact, thank you for that. We continue to work with them on newer projects. So that also 
is another element. So it's not as if we are going to be limited to what has happened so far. There 
are launches also coming up in the next couple of years on projects that were seeded earlier. And 
we continue to keep them interested in our pipeline. 
 
I mentioned about the oncology pipeline. Glenmark Pharma has been pretty favourable to our 
oncology pipeline.  I mean, this continues. There is no real change in the way Glenmark Pharma 
looks at us as a high-quality supplier of API. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Can you give some kind of over 3 years' time frame, where do we see this CDMO business. Is 
that a fair understanding? So where we see because we always set up with the product, which is 
now already in the pipeline. I mean, which is already commercially scalable? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. But then see, the thing is that both on the life cycle projects as well as the specialty projects, 
right, specialty development, we do have some level of development to meet the specialized 
requirements of the customer. So commercially, we have 3 projects today, like I explained earlier 
to a question from Charul, right, is that, we would be adding 2 more projects by the end of this 
year commercially. 
 
And that momentum is something that we would continue. So CDMO is on a pretty good track, 
and this is using our regular infrastructure, both in R&D as well as in manufacturing. So in that 
sense, no great fresh investment but business can be driven with these newer projects. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And would it be able to give you some potential that of this total 5 projects, if it goes on the live, 
it's for our planned time line. So what could be the potential that we have? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So, I mean, of course, these would start in Q3, Q4, let's say, Q4. And by the time they hit a 
steady state, it would be another 2, 3 quarters, right? But I anticipate a good $12 million revenue 
from these 2 projects. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, is it possible to give some kind of a color... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Bharat, may we request please return to the queue. The next question is 
from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question was regarding the PLI. So should we 
assume that in Solapur capacity expansion, we're not part of any PLI scheme. If you can just 
comment on that? 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes, that's right, Rajesh. We don't have any PLI benefit available now. We were a part of the 
GPL Glenmark Pharma PLI scheme. With this selloff to Nirma, now we're no more a part of 
Glenmark Pharma, and that's why the PLI benefit has now gone for us. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Understood. The second question was regarding this expansion. Given what you said, Tushar, 
about the dividends, should we assume that there won't be any debt coming on the balance sheet 
for the expansion? Or how should one think about that? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes, that's right. All this expansion will be through internal accruals only. We don't see any 
requirement for leveraging the balance sheet, at this stage it should remain debt-free. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Got it. And third question on the Glenmark business. I was just curious what is our market share 
in the 65 molecules with them. Is it 100%? Or is this 50% or lower? Just if you can give some 
color on that. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So that would range from molecule to molecule. There are molecules where Glenmark has 100% 
of the business at the front end, and we are the only supplier. And in most of the 65 molecules 
that we supply, we are the only source with Glenmark. And even where we are -- they are dual-
sourced, right, we still get a significant chunk of their business on those molecules. 
 
So difficult to say what that sort of market share would be because there are 2 elements here. 
There is a front-end market share that Glenmark enjoys in the front end. And then it's our supply 
to Glenmark. But like I said, even where there is a dual source for Glenmark in a few molecules, 
we still get, I would say, a good 70%, 80% of that business. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So you would say on average in this 65 molecules, 70%, 80% of their supply is coming from us, 
right? That would be a reasonable assumption? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
More than that. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
More than that, but... 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. In terms of wallet share, wallet share we probably have 90-plus percent of that business. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Got it. Okay. And then lastly on the CDMO business, given the kind of positive news that you 
are garnering there, what percentage of the revenue could it be? I know you've talked about it in 
the past. But I'm just curious, given the successes you think it could be a bigger portion, let's 
say, 5 years down the road? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, it would be for sure because like I said, just to the earlier to Mr. Bharat Shah right, that look 
we expect to get another INR100 crores added to our CDMO business by mid next year. So we 
are at around INR140 crores, INR150 crores now on these 3 projects. And with the -- another 2 
projects coming on, we should see another INR100-odd crores added. And going forward, we 
have guided to CDMO being INR500 crores to INR600 crores in the next 4 years. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Right. So what I was trying to understand is that you think this could be a larger than INR500 
crores, that's what I was trying to get sense. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Larger, larger it depends, right? I mean, like I earlier said that our pipeline, is pretty strong and 
our engagement with the innovator segment of the customers has been growing simply because 
now even though we were independent, Glenmark ownership also had some drawback, right, on 
this segment. I mean, we benefited also from that element but it had some drawback. 
 
And so even that has now kind of gone away because there's no Glenmark ownership. So that 
fear from innovators that we are part of a generic -- a big generic player, right, is also kind of 
laid to rest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Dr. Rawjee, if you could just share that the facility, which has got the GPCB order, what was 
the entire production as a percentage of our production last year? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So I'd rather give you a value number. What are you looking for? You're looking for production? 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Yes, yes, I'm completely comfortable even if you can give me a value number but that's perfectly 
fine. I'm trying to understand if there is a delayed resolution what would be the consequence 
impact on revenues? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So this facility contributes to about 60% to 65% of our overall revenue. It's our largest facility, 
okay. As far as your concern about delayed resolution, it's understandable. I mean, like I said, 
we also sort of became aware late on Wednesday night, right? So we have to solve it. It doesn't 
look like, even though it's not, like I said, we have been in compliance all along. So it doesn't 
feel good. 
 
But at the same time, the engagement that we've had with the authorities is that they are looking 
for us to comply. And so coming back into compliance doesn't look like it's going to be a very 
huge challenge. We should be able to do that. So resolution would happen fairly quickly. And 
like I said on an earlier question, we've got the better part of 2 months to catch up for the loss of 
production that we would face in this brief period. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Got it, Dr. Yasir. But you -- maybe it's too early to ask, but the revenue loss could be for 
2 to 3 weeks from now and you believe that, that would be really caught up in this quarter itself, 
right? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
I don't even think it will take 2 weeks to resolve. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Shah from Investec. 
Yash Shah: 
My question is regarding the capex. In the previous quarter's presentation versus this quarter's 
presentation, there have been quite a few changes. Can you please talk a little bit on that? I can 
see that in Ankleshwar from the planned addition of 280 KL to 300 KL, we've changed it to 60 
KL.  Can you just basically explain something on that? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay. So let's go first with Ankleshwar. Now we had an overall block, which is Plant 18 of 400 
KL capacity. So we had brought on 192 KL last year, okay? And we just finished adding the 
208 KL, which will now become operational in quarter 2. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
Okay, I think it was an earlier question where I said that the brownfield, will hold us in good 
stead for the next 1.5 to 2 years. And in order to do that, we had to add a pharma capacity to 
Ankleshwar. So this work will start as soon as the rains are done, and we will bring on 3 pharma 
areas in Ankleshwar and that should kind of level off Ankleshwar at least for the foreseeable 
future. 
 
We can still build in Ankleshwar, but since Solapur is coming up, we feel that we should invest 
in a newer and more modern site, okay? Coming to the Dahej, again the bottlenecks that we see 
in the next 2 to 3 quarters relate to pharma capacity because intermediate capacity is pretty good 
in Plant 6, right? So we are bringing on 1 pharma module in quarter 2 and very likely another 
pharma module will also come up by Q4 or maybe into FY '26. 
 
But given the number of approvals that we are expecting on the new products and the expansion 
basket with more markets getting added to recent launches, we are acutely aware that we need 
to bring on the additional capacity in terms of Plant 6A, which is another 160 KL. 
 
So, yes, there have been changes to answer your question. But then we've got to align ourselves 
with product mix, demand pattern that is shaping up based on the plant and also new launches 
that we foresee coming up next year and in early FY '27. So that's the kind of readjustment that 
we were needed to make. 
 
And, yes, I mean from time to time, that is looked at. We have always maintained that capex 
investment will be calibrated so that we don't go overboard in just making investments and then 
it turns out that we don't need it, at least in the near future. So it's always going to be like that 
with us. And so, I mean, sorry about that, but that's the way business works. And that's how we 
sort of continue to relook at our requirements as we go along. 
Yash Shah: 
No, no, sir. That's all right, I was just asking for clarification. Another clarification, which I 
wanted was, earlier you mentioned the capex amount. You mentioned about somewhere between 
INR300 crores to INR350 crores. So just want to understand, if it is for this year, FY '25 or FY 
'25, FY '26 combined? That's all from my side. 
Yasir Rawjee: 
No. FY '25 itself, we will do 300 -- between INR300 crores to INR340 crores, right? And -- like 
I answered earlier, Solapur next year will also take a good INR200-ish crores alone to complete 
that facility. So, all in all, we would be looking at spending about INR350 crores to INR400 
crores on Solapur to get the first phase up and running. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshal Patil from Mirae Asset Capital Markets. 
Harshal Patil: 
Just needed clarification on 2 points. One, if you could just speak a bit about raw material prices 
scenario, how is it -- are there any changes to it or maybe some change in view? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
Raw material prices are stable. The only area that we can see inching up is solvents. So when 
you look at solvents like isopropanol, toluene and hexane. These solvents they go back to crude 
feedstock as well as gas. And given the kind of world that we live in right now with all the 
conflicts, the oil prices, I would say, are stable, but they are still inching up and solvents are kind 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
of following that path. So the only place where we see raw materials playing up a little bit is on 
the solvents side. 
Harshal Patil: 
Okay. Got that, sir. Sir, just one more clarification on the Ankleshwar side, while you said that 
it will be resolved very quickly. But I just hope there is no major capex that will be required, 
any investments that will be required out there for the rectification? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
See our capex commitment to environmental treatment has always been there. Okay. So just to 
give you a sense, we have 2 ETP plants that are fully functional. And last year, we took a call to 
add a third ETP plant, which will commission next month. The third ETP plant was also 
commissioned. 
 
So capex commitment to environment, to meet environmental regulations and being a good 
corporate citizen has always been part of our DNA.  We believe very strongly that we need to 
meet requirements. Now will this lead to additional capex? I don't believe so, really. We have 
been doing pretty much everything to comply, okay? 
 
So it's only a matter of once our investigation is complete, we'll figure out if and where we've 
had a problem, and it will be fixed. Even if there is a capex investment, it would be marginal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charul Agrawal from Bank of America. 
Charul Agrawal: 
Just had one more question. If you could shed some more light regarding the changes in the 
company's strategy after Nirma takeover? Any changes that have come up recently? 
Yasir Rawjee: 
So Charul, on capex, I would not say aggressive, but we need to now seriously build our 
greenfield. And greenfield does take up more investment. But then that's the need of the business. 
With Nirma coming in, we've had complete support to be able to do that and also to achieve that 
in a shorter time frame. 
 
So it gives us a lot more comfort, right, to have a fully functional greenfield site in about 2 years 
from now. And of course, it will mean that investments happen. The other element, again, on 
the Nirma that has been a big plus for us with Nirma coming in is to basically expand into new 
areas of technology. So here there are a whole bunch of areas that we have always had in our 
plans to get into, but on account of limited view in terms of the spend, we have had to hold back. 
 
But now we are going aggressive, right, in building basically these new, I would not say, 
verticals because they are still aligned to our chemistry platform. But they would basically allow 
us to open up new portfolio avenues for the business. 
 
Just to sort of give you a sense, we also will be building our own R&D center, okay, in order to 
facilitate this kind of new technology platforms that we would add. So having our own center 
and the ability to rapidly expand R&D is also a decision that has been made recently with the 
backing of Nirma. 
 
So this is going to be a sort of hopefully a game changer for us, right? And the new portfolio 
that would build as a result of these investments, would start playing out in the next 3 years or 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
so. So I mean, it's great to have ownership from a company that is much more sort of growth 
oriented and gives us the full freedom to sort of make these decisions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, is it correct that I understand that our net working capital is 167 days. 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So is there any room to bring down that in order to generate -- I mean, improve our cash flow? 
Tushar Mistry: 
No, good you asked this question. Actually, I missed this in the opening remarks. See the -- what 
we are saying is that working capital will inch up to some extent. While the arrangement with 
Glenmark Pharma continues to be what it used to be in the past, except for the fact that there is 
an increased credit term that they have negotiated going forward. So that will have an impact 
going forward, and that would inch up the working capital or the receivable days. So we'll see 
how this pans out. But we don't see working capital coming down from this level, but we'll try 
and control it as much as possible on the upside also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suhag Patel, an individual investor. 
Suhag Patel: 
Congratulations on the good set of number. One question, sir, I would like to. Last quarter, you 
mentioned that there is, like, accounting policy of Nirma due to which we missed to recognize 
somewhere around INR40-odd crores of revenue. So can you please elaborate on that? That is 
question number one. And question number two is, how do you see the kind of shipping scenario 
playing out, the Red Seas one, which you mentioned in the last quarter? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Yes. So first of all, again, I was not on the call last time. There is no change in the accounting 
policy. It's a change in the estimates that we had to implement with the change in ownership. 
And changing estimates that the companies follow can be different. So that's where what 
estimates used to be followed by Glenmark, to what is being followed by Nirma at the group 
level is different. So that's the only change. There is no change in the accounting policy, okay? 
That is the first part. 
 
Second, on the supply chain issue there has -- see last quarter, we had never expected that the 
Red Sea issue will impact us because most of our shipments are air shipments. But with the Red 
Sea issue, the availability of air freight also has become a challenge, and that was where we were 
caught a bit unaware. 
 
But with that, then we improved our planning significantly to take care of that. In the current 
quarter, we have already addressed that to a great extent. The challenges still remain, but our 
planning to that extent has improved and has now started taking care of this extended time lines 
as well. And to a great extent, this is now under control. 
Suhag Patel: 
Okay. Thanks for the update. Just a follow-up question on that. So whatever backlog we had in, 
say, last quarter because of this Red Sea issue, and we've not been able to get the air cargoes and 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
all. So can you elaborate if some of the backlogs were cleared in this quarter and that is reflecting 
in this quarter's revenue? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Some of those backlogs have been dispatched in the current quarter, but current quarter some 
element of backlogs will still -- are still there as I mentioned, it is not fully resolved, it is still 
there but we have now incorporated that as a part of our planning. And that continues till the 
time you see globally this matters coming down to a great extent. So we are more on a stable 
state even with this impact now in place. 
Suhag Patel: 
Sir, my question was mainly on whether the revenue of this quarter is reflecting the backlog of 
the earlier quarter or not? 
Tushar Mistry: 
To answer your question, that is reflecting in the current quarter, but the current quarter's backlog 
is  now taken to the next quarter.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Glenmark 
Life Sciences, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
