E2E Networks Limited
 CIN-    L72900DL2009PLC341980          
Awfis, 1st Floor, A-24/9, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044, Phone No. +91-11-4084-4964  
Email: cs@e2enetworks.com, Website https://www.e2enetworks.com/ 
Date: July 24, 2024 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra-400051 
Scrip Code/Symbol: E2E 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call for Q1 of FY 2024-25 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held on Friday, July 19, 2024 at 11:30 A.M. (IST) to 
discuss performance of the Company for the 1st Quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
The same shall also be made available on the website of the Company at https://www.e2enetworks.com . 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For E2E Networks Limited 
Ronit Gaba  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A59215 
Encl: As above 
RONIT
Digitally signed by 
RONIT 
Date: 2024.07.24 
11:38:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
E2E Networks Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 and FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call 
of E2E Networks Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the Listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you ma’am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. 
We represent the Investor Relations of E2E Networks Limited. On behalf of the company, I 
would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s Earnings Call for the First Quarter 
of the Financial Year 2025. 
Before we begin a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s concall 
may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management’s belief as well assumptions made by and information 
currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose 
of today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
Company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings 
call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Tarun Dua – 
Chairman and Managing Director and Mrs. Megha Raheja – Chief Financial Officer. 
I now request Mr. Tarun Dua to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Tarun Dua: 
Thank you Purvangi and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I would 
like to welcome all of you to the E2E Networks Q1 Earnings Call for the Financial Year ending 

 
Page 2 of 18 
March ‘25. Let me briefly re-introduce E2E Networks and talk about the  business of cloud GPU, 
especially for the first time listeners who might be new to the company. 
So, E2E Networks was founded in 2009, and is amongst one of the largest Indian players in the 
cloud GPU market, which is based out of India. From our origin, like we have championed 
contract less computing in India since 2009. And we count a lot of current unicorns amongst 
our customers in their journey from startup stage to unicorn stage. Our infrastructure as a 
service platform supports a large variety of computing workloads for developers, SME, startup, 
enterprises, higher education and research and very recently, we have also been impaneled by 
MeitY, signifying the suitability of our cloud platform for use by the government for their 
compute workloads as well. 
Our cloud platform supports a lot of cloud native services, including CPU and GPU based 
environment, running on top of virtual machines or containers, or sometimes in serverless 
mode. So we have a number of very flexible high performance storage solutions, including –
object storage, block storage, parallel file system, container adapt storage, ability to elastic file 
system. We also support network based and advanced load balancing, virtual firewalls, NAT 
devices, queuing services, database as a service for a number of databases including like 
MariaDB, which is open source and Postgres SQL, and Vector databases. 
We have continued to build our AI/ML platform called TIR, which is targeted at data scientists 
and AI/ML developers for AI/ML workloads, which includes training, inference, model end 
point deployment, building agentic framework, building RAG pipeline, and hopefully many 
more things to come in the future. So our entire platform is accessible online, via 
myaccount.e2enetworks.com via API services via as a terraform provider in the form of like 
command line tools that can be used by the developers and DevOps and data scientists to run 
any kind of workloads very similar to the way workloads run on any of the major hyper scalars 
today. 
So as of today, majority of the workloads that we service now belong in the AI/ML domain, and 
majorly works on the cloud GPU infrastructure that we have built since 2018-19 onwards. 
Globally, cloud GPU has become like one of the most transformational technology opportunity 
for the coming next decade. And value creation which is envisaged by running AI/ML workloads 
on top of cloud GPU seems to be like at a global level being measured in trillions of dollars. 
Now, as a early mover into AI/ML, cloud GPU, and having built our own cloud platform from 
the scratch, we see a very substantial opportunity in front of E2E Networks. And we are very 
focused on delivering excellent value for money for our customers, while delivering the latest 
generation of cloud features that our customers have come to expect from cloud platform 
which includes basically the ability to run some 25, 30 different micro services. And a lot of 
back end delivery of services, which gets wrapped around in terms of being able to deliver 
these services with security and compliance features. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
In the past one year or so there has been a talk of very substantial timeline, lasting over few 
months to more than a year for the delivery of hardware. Now, what we see today is that, the 
worst of the scarcity is now behind us. So we should be able to kind of plan our hardware run 
for much shorter period now, compared to what we did in the past, when there was a lot of 
scarcity. So, we continue to build our cloud platform features using a very strong software 
engineering team. And we hope to kind of continue to remain the first choice for India and 
many other countries hopefully outside India, for their cloud GPU workloads. And we kind of 
like continue building our platform based on the feedback on, what are the new features 
required, what are the gaps in the current features. And this productization where we continue 
to learn and continue to incorporate the features and bug fixes, is what generates the long 
term value and differentiation for us, as people get more and more used to our platform. And 
they have come to expect reliability, performance, and the kind of features that helps them 
kind of do the activities they are trying to do, run the workloads, they are trying to run, far 
more easily on our platform compared to other platforms. So that derives long term value for 
us. 
We continue talking about the GPU driven computing. Now, how exactly is it different from the 
CPU driven computing? So in the CPU world what we see today is that, at a very reasonable 
price point, the number of physical CPU cores, which are delivered within a single server, are 
of the order of about say 144 or let say round it off to let's say 150. And typically you put two 
physical CPU dyes inside one server. So which means that we are talking about something 300 
core. Now, compared to that, like a typical GPU server, it cost 10x, occupies maybe about 2x 
the amount of space, consumes about 10x the amount of power and depending on the kind of 
workload, so we will talk about the kind of workloads that GPUs primarily focus on which are 
majorly highly parallel workloads, compared to CPU which is working on more rule driven 
workloads. A GPU is typically able to deliver like, GPU has 17,000 into eight cores in a single 
CUDA cores or the GPU cores. So that's like, massively different from about 300 odd cores that 
a typical CPU driven server would have. And the GPU server also contains the CPU. So, 
essentially a single server for massively parallel workloads, driven by the state of the art in the 
AI/ML technique, majorly powered by open source is able to deliver anywhere close to 1000x, 
the kind of compute that take a typical CPU driven server is able to deliver. 
So, which also means that, if you were to use the same number of cores or similar number of 
cores, the same order of the number of cores to try and run the massively parallel workloads, 
which are coming from the AI/ML domain, on to CPU driven system, you would have to actually 
do a lot of interconnects in terms of networking, you will need to set up like a large number of 
servers, occupy a lot of space. So, essentially what you are looking at is that your data center 
cost when running CPU alone kind of system goes up massively compared to running by very 
high density GPU compute.  
Now, this is a trend that we also see in our own numbers, where we have seen that, from doing 
low density, CPU driven compute to high density CPU and then very high density compute on 

 
Page 4 of 18 
GPUs, like our operational expenditures as a proportion to our revenue continue to come 
down. So where exactly are the GPUs used? So, typically the data that was kind of stored within 
organizational, within system was primarily driven by a rule based system, where essentially, 
what was really needed for those rules to work, shape the nature of the data. So, essentially, 
what you have typically in any enterprise was that, you would have relational data in the form 
of like a table, typically a single table would have say 500 columns. And then there would be 
entity relationships between this table and other tables, and the other tables would also have 
their own 500 columns, and then millions of rows or billions of rows. And then typically, what 
would happen in a typical enterprise would be that these 500 tables interconnected to each 
other, each with 500 columns or maybe at least 100 columns, then each of the columns denotes 
like very specific amount of data which could be typically be denoted through call, maybe just 
a bunch of numbers up to 10. And denotes like a flag, denotes like a very small piece of 
information, all connected together would constitute a data diagram for an enterprise software 
team, which would actually print it out on very large printers, cover up their wall of their Dev 
center and typically, people would be looking at that and writing a lot of software, rule driven 
software to kind of manipulate data going into this very complicated database driven system 
to follow certain set of rules that have evolved over organizations which have worked for 
decades altogether. So, the complexity would keep on adding, we would keep adding 
exceptions, we would keep adding a lot of rules to this system. And the CPUs were really up to 
the task of kind of like working in this environment and delivering like a lot of outcomes. 
Now, all that is done with these rule driven systems essentially the organizations were really 
doing the kind of great job of automation. But on the other hand, if you look at most of 
organizations capabilities still belonged under people who would have their own set of mental 
rules, which could not really be translated into computer driven rules. So which is why we said 
that okay, if there is a computer driven rules but there are exceptions that needs to be handled, 
then you need a human in the loop. So, human in the loop was doing 90% of the work, 
automation was doing probably only 5% of the work and the organizations were working 
reasonably okay. Now, with GPU and AI/ML techniques becoming very, very modern, so what 
has happened is that, we have reached an inflection point of the amount of compute available 
for doing massively parallel operation, which can process a lot of probabilities in terms of like 
deriving inferences, very similar to the way in which the human brain works. 
So, you can call these things like model, an artifact which essentially contain a lot of 
probabilistic rules, which kind of run on and an organization typically which was only storing 
5% of the rule driven data can now actually afford to pass through this remaining 95% of the 
data through these GPU servers running state of the art, open source, software models or the 
AI model. And kind of start storing the knowledge derived from the passage of this data through 
these foundational models to kind of get fine tuned to deliver inferences, which are particular 
to one particular organization or one particular system in a way that it is more probabilistic not 

 
Page 5 of 18 
rule driven. So which is like slightly more human driven and essentially, what we are saying is 
that, data itself is emulating the rules for these AI systems. 
Now, what's the opportunity for India, we are talking about something really sophisticated, we 
have something, talking about leapfrog technologies. Now, India didn't have the wired 
broadband, like we leapfrogged into the 4G and the 5G world. And what that has resulted is 
that, as we are 20% of world's population, we generate 20% of world's data. Now, the 
opportunity in compute lies in the fact that, India only has 2% of the world compute capacity 
in terms of the amount of power, which has consumed by our compute and the amount of 
compute systems we have running in our data centers. So which means that, about 10x, the 
amount of compute still needs to be kind of designed and delivered for Indian organization, 
which has the capability to process almost 10x more data than we are currently processing.  
So, if we are processing only like, so out of the 20% of world's data if we only have 2% of world’s 
compute so there is a gap between the amount of data we have and the amount of compute 
we require to process it. So, which kind of presents the opportunity to leapfrog directly into 
the GPU segment, which requires a very different set of capabilities compared to what the CPU 
centric world required. So, this is a biggest opportunity that we are trying to pursue in terms of 
kind of helping India leapfrog from a GPU world to the CPU world. 
Now, so what has happened, the whole world has obviously realized this, there are obviously 
developed countries, which move far ahead in advance of what happens in India. And the broad 
trend we have seen in terms of shift in the computing has been that earlier the cost of compute 
compared to the revenue of (Muffled) 18:18, typically was low enough, that people wanted its 
software capable of doing everything from everything, without worrying about the cost. So 
there was a broad trend of all the compute getting concentrated with very large hyper scalers, 
who charged a lot for their compute, because they were delivering the software capabilities of 
being able to service every single geography, every single workload from $5 to $0.5 billion per 
month and the R&D cost of doing every single workload in the world for every single industry, 
every single organization required a lot of customization. And most people ended up paying 
for the compute on hyper scalers, which was about 3x or 4x times of if they did the compute 
on their own and there was no space in the middle basically. 
Now, what has happened is that, with GPU compute increasing the percentage terms of 
expense for any organization in terms of the amount of compute they used to deliver the 
software stack within an organization, that number is now drastically going up, which means 
that there is suddenly a space for specialized cloud providers who are not as expensive as hyper 
scalars. But in terms of capabilities, they provide almost a similar functionality, maybe doing 
10% of the features, but delivering 90% of what is needed by most organizations. So, we are 
one such organization in India and some of the organization's in the US have now shown that 
it is possible to build very large scale multibillion dollar businesses in competition with the 
hyper scalers if you deliver certain set of services in a fashion, which will be very similar to 

 
Page 6 of 18 
them, and kind of adds value in terms of not having to do 80 or 100 or 200 different activities 
that a typical IT department of a very large organization used to do, kind of there is a new space 
in the middle specifically for cloud GPU providers at every geography where people understand 
that what needs to be built, which is very similar to what the hyper scalers have built, but at 
half the price or lower, and since there is a massive amount of money going into the GPU 
compute compared to what was going into the CPU compute, where we were talking about 
cloud as a couple of $100 billion worth of business. Now, we are already talking about, GPU 
cloud as something like adding to the overall business of the cloud. So, which means that this 
has to come from the pockets of enterprises and organizations. 
Now, the advantage of having specific cloud GPU kind of compute players is that, they can 
deliver this cost advantage very similar to the way they were delivering in the CPU world. Now, 
what was not proven in the market was that in the CPU world, we didn't see very huge 
examples of very large businesses built in a short span of time. Now in the cloud GPU world in 
the US, and in many other countries, we are already seeing specialized cloud GPU providers 
growing very big, very fast on the backs of this new demand coming in for GPU driven 
computing. So, that is the category in which your company operates. And now, I would like to 
hand over our call to our CFO, Megha who will briefly touch upon the financial and operational 
highlight of the quarter under review. Over to you Megha. 
Megha Raheja: 
Thank you Tarun and good morning everyone. Let me first start by giving you some of the key 
financial highlights. I will summarize the performance for Q1 FY25. For Q1 FY25 the revenue 
from operations stood at around 417 million, which witnessed a substantial growth of 112% 
on year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter is 274 million, which further provides a growth 
of around 168% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA margin for the quarter is 66.34%, which 
demonstrate a growth of 1403 bps year-on-year. PAT is reported at 101 million, which 
demonstrate growth of 44% year-on-year basis. PAT margin for June quarter is 24.46% and 
diluted EPS is 6.75 for the quarter, which is around 42% year-on-year increase.  
If we do a quick comparison from last quarter that is March, we have witnessed revenue growth 
of around 40% on quarter-on-quarter basis, from 296 million to 417 million in the current 
quarter. EBITDA for the quarter is 274 million, which shows a growth of 79% on quarter-on-
quarter basis. And we have reported a net profit of 101 million. That concludes the update for 
the quarter. And we can now open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pratik Singh from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Singh: 
Sir, my first question is largely on unit economics on rental perspective. So, I understand that 
you will be paying rentals to your co-locating partners. So, do we pay rentals on a per rack basis 
or per kilowatt or megawatt basis and ballpark, how much would it be? 

 
Page 7 of 18 
Tarun Dua: 
The individual figures are broadly confidential and covered under NDA typically, but roughly 
when we put everything together, then broadly kind of like that comes out to about, 
incrementally for new high density workloads, it comes down to about let's say, 10% or so of 
our front end revenue on a unit basis. 
Pratik Singh: 
Understood sir. And the second question sir, as you rightly mentioned that the GPU based 
compute servers consume way more power and the power density for those racks used to be 
much higher. From what I understand is that the typical CPU base racks generally are like 10 
kilowatts per rack max and GPU based was 50-60 kilowatts per rack. So, are our co-location 
partners do they have this kind of an arrangement where you can fully fit your 8x of the GPU 
servers on one rack, or it's only a traditional arrangement where on one rack instead of filling 
it completely, you are just filling one 8x extended server which takes around 10 kilowatts. So 
the question that I'm asking is, because we didn't have a lot of AI based centers in india. So, 
how is it working right now, are we not completely billing the racks because then that will need 
a lot of cooling and all, so how is it working right now? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, I didn’t really understand the question, but like, I'll try to answer it as best as I can. See, 
most of the data center facilities including like any facility, which was planned to be built even 
like say four years back, would not be built for very. Anyway, was not very useful in very warm 
climate of India. So it used to make a lot of sense to do density of no higher than about 14 to 
15 kilowatt per rack. Now, does that mean there is miss utilization of space, I probably wouldn't 
characterize it in that way. Because you are not just running GPU servers, you are also running 
CPU servers, you are also running testing fabric, you are also running storage, we are running 
a lot of equipment. So overall, any data center has to be designed with generic workloads in 
mind. Now, is it still able to run the GPU servers, the answer is yes. Like most of the data 
centers, today at least have ability to run the GPU servers. Without any overall significant 
difference in the cost compared to a very high density data center. 
Pratik Singh: 
Understood sir. In the cooling requirements and all, the cooling facilities don't need to be 
changed, they are as it is that they were earlier. 
Tarun Dua: 
Not for another one or two generation. High density compute, off the kind we are looking at 
they are still about a year and a half to two years away. 
Pratik Singh: 
Great, understood. And sir my last question is largely on H200, which is now being launched? 
Would we be going to them, or we think that H100 for now is enough sufficient for most 
workloads that we are seeing right now? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. So like you have to match the workload with the price per unit of teraflops. So, in that 
sense that typically X100 could be slightly more expensive than H100. Now, depending on the 
workload, if you do not have typically more memory requirements, you will continue to be able 

 
Page 8 of 18 
to use like H100, even for new workload without having to spend extra for the extra amount 
of GPU memory. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Tiwar from Tiger Assets. Please 
go ahead. 
Prathamesh Tiwar: 
Sir, I have three questions firstly, on the CAPEX side. So, we have announced around 800 crores 
of CAPEX for FY25. 
Tarun Dua: 
No, we didn’t actually that is not true. We didn't announce 800 crores of CAPEX, and somebody 
asked, how much would you like to spend, so my answer was that, in an ideal world if we had 
the money, you would like to spend that much. So there was no announcement from our side 
as such that we will do 800 crores of CAPEX. It might end up that we end up doing that much, 
but let's not call it an announcement. So anyway, so that was the first question I guess. 
Prathamesh Tiwar: 
Yes, so sir let’s say you are going to do but some amount of CAPEX is expected right sir for this 
year. So just wanted to know how it's going to be funded? 
Tarun Dua: 
See broadly it's going to be a mix of vendor financing debt and internal accruals and potentially 
some amount of equity raise. 
Prathamesh Tiwar: 
Okay. So sir any figure you would like to give on the CAPEX side for FY25, looking at the 
economic scenario? 
Tarun Dua: 
Sorry, I didn't understand. 
Prathamesh Tiwar: 
You said 800 crore CAPEX is not fixed as of now, so any figure you would like to pick? 
Tarun Dua: 
It could be more it could be less, so we are very, very flexible. So this is no longer the 
environment where you had to wait for hardware for six months so you had to really plan 
ahead. We used to do a lot of just in time in the past and the planning cycle for us, we can 
drastically shorten it to about six to eight weeks as opposed to having six months or 12 months 
kind of planning cycle now. 
Prathamesh Tiwar: 
Okay. And sir second question is on the MRR side. So, you have told that you will do MRR of 
around 14 to 16 crores for FY25, if I'm not wrong. So if we see in Q1 we have done MRR of 
around 13.5 crore, so how are we looking at coming quarters, will coming quarters be more 
towards 15, 16 or what number you would like to give? 
Tarun Dua: 
I wouldn't like to give any number, we are never in a habit of giving any guidance for next 
quarter or next-to-next quarter, so we are talking about next three quarters. So we will simply 
have to wait and see. Also, I would like to correct you that the MRR for June is not 13.5, the 
MRR for June is about 14.5. 

 
Page 9 of 18 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from that Pratik Chaudhary from Samarth Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Sir, for the as you said that zone MRR is roughly 14.5 crore does that largely mean full utilisation 
of the 450 AI H100 units that you have? 
Tarun Dua: 
I would say about let say, about 90%, 95% utilization.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
On MRR? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, we still have additional inventory available. So, to the extent that this is about, at about 
90%, 95% of the utilization. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
In your rough assessment how much, what is the time in terms of number of H100s or similar 
such devices required, what was the India requirements coming along in the next one or two 
years? 
Tarun Dua: 
These are all wild guesses ultimately, because in a sense that, when you start seeing the 
industry reports by that time all estimates, are based on the actual numbers. So, India in a way 
follows the developed market. So, we are very, very hopeful that what we are seeing in the 
developed markets India will also see that and especially too because the gap in India in terms 
of processing capability is far higher. Like you can't predict what will happen in a quarter or 
what will happen in two years, but we are very, very hopeful of a very bright future for cloud 
GPU industry in India, based on the fact that what we are seeing in the developed markets 
today. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Are we also in a position to target the international market, is that already happening from the 
current GPU? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, that is already happening. So in the sense that essentially this is the business of solving 
problems. So like we are already seeing some level of traction outside India as well.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Roughly what percentage of your AI diffused would be deployed for overseas customers? 
Tarun Dua: 
So it would be premature to comment based on say one quarter or so, but if we could predict 
it, it would be like over a year or would be somewhere between say 25% to 30%. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
That’s a great number and what’s the pricing difference as of now vis-à-vis your international 
competitors for the same DPU AI? 
Tarun Dua: 
Indian customers and international customers pay the same. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
No, the price that your competitors offer, your international competitors, what is our roughly 
percentage? 
Tarun Dua: 
There is never 1:1 price comparison, because there is always tremendous difference between 
features of one provider versus the other. So there would always be provider who charge like 
almost like 5x of what we charge, there would always be providers who charge like maybe even 
25%, 30% less than what we charge. So we are like never the lowest priced compute provider 
out there because we have a whole set of features that we have built and capabilities that we 
have built. Also, the pricing depends a lot on a lot of things in the way in which a customer 
typically consumes the compute process. So, it’s not like, it’s never an apples-to-apples 
comparison when you say that, one GPU versus one GPU, what are you paying X provider 
versus provider Y? 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Last two questions. There was an announcement that B100 would be coming in sometime and 
the difference in terms of compute, without it it's almost 2.5x better with only 25% increase in 
cost? 
Tarun Dua: 
Again when you talk about software, these are very, very absolute numbers. So, the difference 
would be 25x for modern software built with modern techniques of that era, in the future, the 
difference could be as low as 1.3x for all you know and care. So, you cannot kind of place a 
theoretical number and say that okay, this is the projected theoretical number. So based on 
this theoretical number, this is what, by what number the compute has advanced. So, a lot 
depends on the software stack, which is being run. And the ability of the customer to kind of 
derive the benefit also depends on how much they are willing to invest into re-architecting 
their software to make use of the new hardware that gets delivered in the future. So it's never 
cut and write that way. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments. Please go ahead. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Just zooming out a little bit, how is the market shaping up in terms of you making the buzz 
around providing the GPU and obviously the competition, at the overall level when we look at 
it is increasing yes, but at the same time you mentioned there is no one provider and there is 
no vanilla solution as such. So just some color on how you are differentiating, or what are the 
use cases that you are building as we go along? 
Tarun Dua: 
We are very focused on national language processing and computer vision and their 
equivalents in the generative AI world which is the LLMs and diffusion based model. And apart 
from that, of course we will continue to fill the gap in supporting like newer workloads. Now, 
essentially the way to look at this business is not from the lens of asset monetization, but from 
a software platform perspective. So as long as you keep building a software platform which 
serves the needs of the customer, the customers will continue to use the platform. So that's 
the whole idea behind the business.  

 
Page 11 of 18 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Okay, understood. So is this software part only, how are we trying to sort of stay ahead, is there 
a plan that you guys have in place or because the situation is rapidly changing, you are just 
trying to make sure that you have the software updated in terms of the updated use cases, the 
requirements that are coming up? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, we obviously have a very active development team, which continues to release features 
like every couple of weeks. And every quarter we make a lot of progress in terms of what we 
are doing for our entire cohort of customers, based on the learning’s that we get from our 
interaction, both from industry experts, our customers, and what is the state of the art, ongoing 
in the AI/ML community in general. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Pratik Chaudhary from Samarth 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Sir, were there any one offs in our quarter one? 
Tarun Dua: 
Sorry, I didn’t get your question? 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Were there any expenses that we capitalized in Q1 FY25? 
Tarun Dua: 
I will let Megha answer this question it seems like a finance question. 
Megha Raheja: 
No, there are no expenses which have been capitalized. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from ABC Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
My first question is, you had given guidance of approximately 40% revenue growth year-on-
year for the medium term. So in this year, will you be doing any upward guidance? 
Tarun Dua: 
Like I said, we don't usually give any guidance. So broadly, what happens is that, that is usually 
the interpretation of the people asking the question. So, in an ideal world you don't know what 
is going to happen in the next quarter, and next-to-next quarter so, the cloud business 
obviously is not a business of consistency at very small scale. So, ultimately, we will have to 
always look at the past and predict the future.  
Abhishek: 
Okay, thanks. Another question is, are the promoters thinking of any, of selling any stock in the 
near future? 
Tarun Dua: 
Again, you are asking me to predict future, but broadly whatever we do will obviously inform 
the exchange and inform everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Trivadi from Nippon Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 18 
Aditya Trivadi: 
One question I had was, was that approximately your ARPU quarter-on-quarter has gone up as 
much as 48%. So, if you could just give us a breakdown of what you attribute that to as well as, 
what the client addition has looked like for the quarter? 
Tarun Dua: 
Basically, from a customer perspective we have the kind of like, although we do not really 
differentiate as a very small company between the customers but, what we have seen is that 
the larger customers have grown for us in terms of where we have added the revenue. And 
this is primarily driven by the cloud GPU side of workloads for typically like AI/ML kind of like 
workloads. 
Aditya Trivadi: 
And in terms of client addition, how many more clients added this quarter in terms of new 
clients? 
Tarun Dua: 
So new cloud GPU world, we don't really count the customer addition, but the amount of 
workloads we have added, because we have moved away from the era of trying to collect a lot 
of small customers. So we are moving towards kind of higher ARPU customers. So, broadly in 
terms of your numbers, I don't think we have seen any significant addition in terms of the 
overall expansion of the overall number of customers that we have, but what we have seen is 
that the new logos on the top end of the revenue that we have increased. 
Aditya Trivadi: 
Also in terms of customer concentration and revenue, what percentage of your top 10 
customers will be attribute to the current revenues? 
Tarun Dua: 
See, this is again like a dynamic number, in this quarter probably the concentration would be 
higher than usual, so top 10 customers might have gone up by all the way compared to previous 
quarters to say 45%, 50%. On the other hand, like this is a number that should be looked at in 
retrospective at the end of the year rather than on a single quarter business. Because, the cloud 
GPU workloads are typically like bursty workloads, where a single customer might come up 
with a short burst of large amount of compute usage. And next quarter that customer might 
be kind of significantly lower than this quarter. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajshekhar an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajshekhar: 
So, I wanted to ask about the CAPEX spend for this quarter, it seems to be about 23 crores. So 
is it a reflection of the demand that you are seeing, as you said that you plan for around six to 
eight weeks lead time is required. So the number seems a little lower than the last couple of 
quarters, that was my question. 
Tarun Dua: 
So again, it's kind of like you are also looking at the tail end of having done a massive expense 
in the Q4 of the last year. So, in that sense we built a lot of capacity during that era. So 

 
Page 13 of 18 
obviously, we will not be consistent every quarter. So, it depends on local minimas and local 
maximas in many ways. 
Rajshekhar: 
And what do you think, do you have an estimate for this quarter at least, not for the entire 
year, but for this quarter? 
Tarun Dua: 
This quarter, next quarter, those kinds of estimates we do not give any sort of guidance on call. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishan Joshi an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Vishan Joshi: 
Sir, I have two queries. First of all, are we participating any bidding with the government, 
because as you have been enrolled with the MeitY 
Tarun Dua: 
Currently we are not participating in any bidding with the government. So we look at the 
government business in three different ways. One is where we want to support our MSME 
partners who typically kind of generate business from the GEM portal. So on a case by case 
basis, we want to work with those MSME partners, it's only been less than a month since we 
got certified by MeitY. So, it's very, very early to say what sort of business we will be able to 
generate over there. Now, the second part is where we will start evaluating where there is a 
very good match between our (Muffled) 48:49 and those kind of workloads, when they come 
about in form of like requirements from the government, where we have a good match in terms 
of size and capability. So that is something that will happen over next, I would say 18 to 24 
months. So, we are looking at a medium term over there. And the third possibility is that where 
our capabilities are usable in conjunction with someone else, who has other capabilities, which 
they can combine with our capabilities and then we can jointly go with those kind of partners. 
So again, all these three things are far enough in the future for me to comment on them today.  
Vishan Joshi: 
Okay, sir another query. If we see the financial results for this quarter, again the profitability is 
improved if we also see the operating expenses that is also dipped by a greater margin. So, 
means it's an aberration or it will continue to be in the same line? 
Tarun Dua: 
Like we said that this is a broad trend because of the density of compute going up where the 
percentage of data center cost as a new will hopefully continue to do go down in the future as 
well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Aditya Trivadi from Nippon Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Trivadi: 
Just in terms of CAPEX, you are obviously not giving any forward guidance in terms of the 
amounts but if you could just give us the mix in terms of equity and debt that you all should 
follow going forward in terms of your CAPEX? 

 
Page 14 of 18 
Tarun Dua: 
Any kind of equity raise we will obviously inform the exchange before we kind of pursue that. 
And of course, we will continue to use a judicious mix of internal accruals, equity, debt, vendor 
financing all of them in various ways to kind of finance our CAPEX. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Chaudhary from Samarth Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Sir, FY25 what is the bare minimum CAPEX that would be achieved based on whatever 
assessment you have and what is the current terms? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, that's again the same question. Broadly asset terms wise somewhere between 0.5 to 0.6. 
And it also depends on, what sort of SKUs the customer choose to deploy. So, there is a lot of 
variation in terms of not being able to kind of very accurately predict what is asset terms. Now, 
in terms of bare minimum, we don't have a kind of minimum number in our mind that okay, 
this should be at least done, it is always based on the current demand in the pipeline, based on 
which we will continue to make investments into the CAPEX. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
The asset turn has fallen from 0.7 to 0.5 to 0.6? 
Tarun Dua: 
Somewhere between 0.5 to 0.6. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richa from Equity Master. Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
I just wanted to understand, beyond the hyper scalers what are the entry barriers, and what 
would stop more players from coming into this space or do you think that the opportunity is 
big enough that, the pie is big enough for everybody to grow? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, definitely the opportunity and the pie is big enough for a lot of players to exist in the 
marketplace between various levels of value addition like various players would do and the 
main kind of like, I would not say a barrier to entry, but the main way in which people, in which 
the competitors for, the players in a particular market differentiate in this particular market is 
through the software. Now, in our case, we have been kind of been writing our cloud software 
for a good part of the last decade. And on the cloud GPU itself, we have been working for last 
almost four, five years. So we believe that gives us the head start in terms of, understanding 
the customer needs. And having help customers with a lot of problems, it gives us a leg up in 
terms of understanding, how to kind of build around it. 
Richa: 
Sir would it mean a lot of client servicing or engaging with client or in that sense, would it 
require some kind of? 
Tarun Dua: 
This is a product business, so doesn't mean a lot of client servicing. So this is ultimately not a 
services business, which is dependent on the number of people but it's a product business, 
which depends and relies on the capabilities of an engineering team, which works in tandem. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
So where just trying to understand from customer that, okay what is it that they are trying to 
achieve. And obviously, one part is to build a solution based on the current technology and the 
solutions that we have, and then continue to help the business, identify all those gaps, and 
then fill up those gaps in terms of like, build out of new features and new software, and kind 
of like new integration. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
Kshitij Saraf: 
So, Tarun just to get a sense of your overall vision for E2E now, obviously we have the GPU 
offerings, and we have the software's around. So do you plan to keep evolving the software's 
around the increase hardware requirements that come up is that something when we think of 
E2E five years, seven years down the line is this something which you would be continue doing 
or do you have sort of another? 
Tarun Dua: 
Product development is like a continuous process, because the cloud world, and especially like 
a rapidly evolving field, like AI/ML it changes and constantly evolves. So which means that the 
software that we do, will have to constantly evolve. So that is something that is not going to 
change. And then, obviously to kind of solve at adjacency of the problems that we are solving 
today. Like we kind of continue to build more features. So for example, let's say there are X 
number of customers in a market and today our software is able to service let’s say Y 
percentage of those, obviously you keep pushing the envelope from Y to X. And also, to figure 
out in adjacent countries or different geographies or any other adjacency that whether how 
you can easily expand into another market by building new software. We are big believers in 
that and we will continue to do that.  
Kshitij Saraf: 
Okay. And in terms of what is the specific software's are you planning to go deeper on specific 
verticals, how is the plan there? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, obviously there are about like 40, 50 different paths, so the number of workloads that can 
be using AI/ML, in different ways and the foundational technologies needed for those is a very 
large set of software. So we will continue to kind of evolve our software game into all the 
variants. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Satya an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Hardik Satya: 
So my question is related to the CAPEX that we did last year of 185 crores approximately, what 
is the status of deployment, have we done the deployment completely up to April or was it 
done up to March or up to May so that we can get some MRR clarity? 

 
Page 16 of 18 
Tarun Dua: 
See broadly, the entire deployment was done by somewhere around end of March or maybe 
first week of April. So, almost all of that is done, deployment means that it is available on our 
cloud for the customers to be able to see and in terms of MRR conversion, the overall inventory 
that we acquired including this as of today, from that inventory we have utilized about let say, 
including all the other inventory, we have utilized overall about +90% of the inventory. 
Hardik Satya: 
So given a 90% utilization and in the near future do you see? 
Tarun Dua: 
We have also mentioned in our presentation that we are already in the process of acquiring 
another 256 H100 which would go live in the quarter. 
Hardik Satya: 
So given the forecast for the near term, if money or funding was not a problem or a challenge, 
what would ideally be the demand that you are foreseeing. So would it be to the quantum of 
800,000 or maybe 2000 crore also? 
Tarun Dua: 
No, so that results in people misquoting me, a formal announcement that this guy. 
Hardik Satya: 
No, I would not take it as an announcement. 
Tarun Dua: 
I will not take that bait this time, and I will say that let’s wait and watch. We will keep everyone 
informed of our plans as they get formalized.  
Hardik Satya: 
But I can take that much that you are seeing a good future ahead and there is a significant 
demand is what I can take from your reply? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, so over let say medium term, long term, over like next decade, like GPU driven computing 
is the new thing, which is like very transformational for entire industries and potentially for 
seeing new industries that we have not even seen till now. So we are very gung ho on AI/ML 
and GPU driven computing world. 
Hardik Satya: 
And also on the fact that government is pushing for having the data centers in India and keeping 
the data within the boundaries of India, what kind of opportunity do you see in those segment? 
Tarun Dua: 
That's an evolving trend. So that helps us but it's not quantifiable that to what extent that helps 
us. But we do see some effects of that, we are now seeing a trend of like more and more Indian 
companies recognizing the need to work with Indian vendors. So whether it becomes like a 
huge snowball, we don't know as of yet, but we are seeing green shoots of that behavior, that 
as an Indian company we are more comfortable dealing with an Indian company rather than 
company from outside India. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
Aman: 
My question is, what is our USP over the, if we are in a competition with the largest player or 
an emerging domestic player, somewhere what we see the competition that makes us different 
from the competitor, which is infrastructure heavy player and what add on’s we provide in 
terms of cloud services to our clients? 
Tarun Dua: 
So there is a long list of cloud services that we have been providing from last many years. And 
typically, what happens with software usage is that software usage is a habits, so whether it's 
a larger player with like a bigger piece of software, whether it is like a player which is more 
infra heavy, less software, ultimately the differentiator would become the stickiness of the 
software that we eventually produced, with the help of like understanding from our customers, 
that we build from our customers. So ultimately the differentiator is going to be the software 
platform that we are building. 
Aman: 
So are you trying to convince me that we are. 
Tarun Dua: 
I am not trying to convince you of anything. 
Aman: 
No, are we at better. 
Tarun Dua: 
I only want to convince our customers to use our product, I don't need to convince anyone 
else. 
Aman: 
No, I just wanted to tell that, what I am understanding that we are at a better stage in cloud 
services software, from what you are telling? 
Tarun Dua: 
We initially launched our very first version of the software, way back almost eight to 10 years 
back. So obviously, our software has seen like 1000s of customers running their production on 
that. And, of course we have faced a lot of issues and feature requests, which you have called 
for. So that gives a software like definitely a lot more maturity than many of our competitors.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gurubaksh Singh an Individual Investors. Please 
go ahead. 
Gurubaksh Singh: 
My question is, you mentioned to one of the previous queries that, we have been moving 
steadily towards the larger customer profile. And as we do that, do you think that we would be 
taking on the bigger players in the competitor set and would that impact our margins going 
forward? 
Tarun Dua: 
See, enterprise software and enterprise cloud is a very permission driven market. So as you 
solve deeper problems, your margins ideally like, get somewhat impacted by the amount of 
commissioning you do initially. But eventually, it results in much higher ARPU than much higher 
margins. Because the amount of stickiness that we produce in terms of lifetime value of the 
customer continues to increase. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
Gurubaksh Singh: 
Okay. So are we saying that as we improve on our solution based approach, there is a possibility 
to even get higher margins, is that even possible? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, definitely. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
So, only one question I have, so the margins have really improved the EBITDA margin, is it 
something that is sustainable in future quarters or in upcoming years? 
Tarun Dua: 
Ours is a platform business so, the overall team size, the platform size doesn't need to really 
increase with the amount of cloud business that we do. So, we can potentially scale up the 
business 10x where the platform remains practically the same in terms of the size of the dev 
team and the size of the operations team, it needs to grow very organically compared to, 
whatever the growth on the side of the content revenue. So that way, there is always any 
platform business, the scope for growth of margins is always there. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay. So, similar margins can sustain in the future quarters also for FY25, is that understanding 
correct? 
Tarun Dua: 
I don’t say quarter-by-quarter I would say medium term and long term broad trend should 
sustain. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay. So, can we say that we have moved from +50 percent kind of margin to +60 percent kind 
of margins, is that a reasonable estimate or reasonable understanding? 
Tarun Dua: 
I already answered this question, in the medium term and the long term the trend should 
sustain. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take this as a last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Tarun Dua: 
Thank you, everyone. I always continue to learn from all the questions that we get from our 
esteemed investors. Thank you, all of you, thank you to the Valorem team. Thank you, Megha 
and everyone for joining us today. Let's hope to continue our conversation over the future calls. 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of E2E Networks Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.       
 ************** 
