 
14th August, 2024   
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Earnings Call held with 
Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Earnings Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 12th August 2024 and the same is also 
available on the Company’s website i.e. www.campusactivewear.com.   
 
This is for your information and records please.  
 
Thanking you 
 
For CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Archana Maini 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Membership No. A16092 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Archan
a Maini
Digitally signed 
by Archana 
Maini 
Date: 2024.08.14 
12:47:17 +05'30'

Campus Activewear Ltd 
Quarter 1 FY 2025 
12 Aug, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Campus Activewear Limited’s Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on 
your touch tone phone. Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the discussion may 
contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risk, uncertainties and 
other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business that could cause future results, 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements.  
The Campus Activewear management team is represented by Mr. Nikhil Aggarwal - Whole Time 
Director and CEO, and Mr. Sanjay Chhabra - CFO. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil 
Aggarwal - Whole Time Director and CEO for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I thank you all for joining our Q1 FY25 earnings 
call today. Despite the challenging market environment, Campus Activewear has demonstrated 
resilience and strategic prowess reporting a volume growth of 3% year on year in Q1 FY25 
amounting to 5.8 million pairs of footwear.  
Our agile approach coupled with a keen sense of fashion and segmentation, has allowed us to 
introduce products that resonate with the evolving preferences of our consumers. We were able to 
maintain our gross margins at 53.3% during the quarter despite a decline in revenue due to 
extreme summer season resulting fewer in store footfalls coupled with lower vetting dates.  
 
There has been a noticeable shift in the revenue mix towards open footwear reflecting the 
consumer's choice in response to the elevated temperatures. Despite these challenges, we have 
maintained our focus on innovation, continuously offering new and differentiated products tailored 
to the dynamic Indian consumer by launching 78 new designs in quarter one.  
Additionally, we continue to invest in performance marketing to drive sales in marketplace. Despite 
the increase in minimum wages mandated by the government, which has impacted our margins, 
we chose not to pass on these higher cost to our consumers during these subdued market 
conditions.  
In line with our long-term strategy to enhance consumer reach, we have strengthened our 
distribution capabilities by adding a new LFS account in the first quarter. Furthermore, we have 
expanded our EBO presence by adding 13 new stores, that is 7 COCOs and 6 COCOs across the 
nation, taking the total count to 275 plus EBOs.  
Our extensive distribution network is a cornerstone of our business, ensuring that our diverse 
product offerings are accessible to consumers throughout India. Further, we have strengthened 
our Pan India distribution network by adding a couple of super stockists and 8 new distributors, 
further intensifying the penetration in the interiors of the country. With the quest to offer 
consumer delight, Campus Active wear product range has further enhanced to 650 plus new retail 
outlets, raising the total count to 23,100 plus retailers across the country.  

With our strong brand reputation, diverse product portfolio, value for money proposition, Omni 
channel capabilities and robust financial position. Campus Activewear is well positioned to 
capitalize on the anticipated demand growth in the coming quarters. We anticipate a resurgence in 
demand post monsoon with additional momentum expected from the festive season. We remain 
committed in our mission to deliver excellence and would like to express my sincere gratitude to 
our dedicated team, our loyal customers and our esteemed shareholders for their continued 
support.  
Thank you. Now and I will hand over to our CFO - Mr. Sanjay Chhabra to take you through more 
details in Q1 FY25 performance.  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
Thank you, Nikhil. Good evening to everyone and thank you for joining us for the Q1 25 Campus 
Activewear’s earning call. Our operational revenues to that INR 339.2 crores for the first quarter, 
the company sold approximately 5.8 million pairs of shoes in Q1, up 3.33% year on year owing to 
our strategic distribution push and higher open footwear sales.  
The average selling price stood at INR 585 in Q1, driven by higher saliency of open footwear, which 
was close to 22% versus 18% last year. Our gross margins at 53.3% is flat versus last year despite 
the open footwear saliency led ASP drop.  
The revenue mix between men and women and kids stood at 77% to 23% versus last year, same 
quarter, 80% to 20%, reflecting our strategic efforts to expand women and kids category. Our 
EBITDA for quarter one was at INR 54 crores. The EBITDA margins stood at 15.8% in quarter one 
owing to higher employee cost driven by headcount addition and inflation, partly offset by lower 
finance cost.  
The total cost excluding COGS was at INR 147.8 crores versus 146.6 crores last year, a marginal 
increase of 1%, reflecting our efforts to drive efficiencies. The PAT stood at 25.4 crores in quarter 
one and PAT margins are at 7.4%.  
With this summary, I would now conclude my remarks and open the floor to the moderator for the 
Q&A. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Priyank Chedda from Vallum Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Priyank Chedda:  
Hi Nikhil. My first question is on channel wise growth. If you can highlight what how has been the 
growth in trade distribution in B to C online and B to C offline? And within B to C online, if you can 
also split the growth of marketplace as well as we B to B online, I reckon that we had some 
challenges B to B online, has that been the decline that we saw in B2B online has been arrested or 
not? That's my first question.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Hi Priyank, so we have seen, actually all the channels getting back on track in terms of the volume. 
So let me give you an example like for MPO for distribution, we have seen two consecutive 
quarters of 4 and a 1/2% plus volume growth. This is the second quarter consecutive one along 
with the distribution and store expansion like I mentioned. In the online, again we have seen a 
marketplace grow by almost 24% in this quarter one y-o-y and of course the O2O has declined. This 
is in line with the strategy of reducing the B2B business, the dependency on the B2B business. And 
the retail channels, the offline Epos, have also grown by 8% in quarter one. So, this is very much in 
line with the strategies of, you know having different strategy for each channel very clearly laid out 
like distribution is our volume growth channel and EPO and brand.com and our own online 
channels are basically the ones to drive premiumization and so on. So, Sanjay, you would want to 
add?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
Yeah, just to add on to what Nikhil just now mentioned, so by and large the higher base effect of 
the B2B and O2O channel would be ending this quarter. So, this quarter again since the base 
impact was higher, we have seen a de-growth in the B2B, but which has been largely mitigated by 

the marketplace channel and net net as far as online is concerned, we are now in the trajectory of 
less than 5% de-growth. So, the impact of higher B2B base is almost done with.  
Priyank Chedda:  
Sorry I couldn't get the point of 5% is the what was the 5% number and you mean that when the 
higher wages end this quarter you mean the quarter-on-quarter decline will not be seen from Q2 
onwards. These are the two clarifications Sir? 
Sanjay Chhabra:  
So just, just let me give you a sort of split answer. So, our marketplace has grown by around 25%, 
but the other than marketplace business has de-grown. So net net, our D2C online is showing de-
growth in terms of revenue by around 5%.  
Priyank Chedda:  
Right. Right, right. OK. OK. And then when you say that this will end it in this quarter, you mean that 
the quarter on quarter one will declare will get arrested in the current quarter which is Q1?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
Yeah, because last year in the same seat, one of the big B2B platform was still operational and did a 
large amount of sales. And from Q2 onwards they started sort of de-growing big time, so the base 
is corrected from Q2 onwards. So, we will see a sort of flattish or plus minus 5% sort of impact 
versus 40 plus percent of de-growth in other than marketplace.  
Priyank Chedda: 
Perfect. So, my question is in terms of sales per touch point. We were at around, say 5.1 lakh 
rupees per year per touch point. It has fallen down to 3.5 lakh per touch point per year. While the 
competition is too high higher than ours. So how do you think that this throughput per touch point 
should turn out going ahead as well as in terms of the net touch point additions for the full year? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure, Priyank. So, see, our strategy is to continue to expand the touch points and we have been 
doing that along with our distribution base. So, the share per counter will also go up. This is just a 
seasonal effect like in quarter one, we've sold higher volumes because of open footwear, but the 
overall ASP's have dropped, so this was basically because we also didn't expect you know, so much 
heat waves across the country, which led to higher, much higher than anticipated share of open 
category. Therefore, that led to you know an ASP drop and a lower realization per counter like you 
mentioned but this will normalize, this is just a seasonal effect and going forward we see the share 
per counter going up.  
Priyank Chedda: 
OK. And on a AFC decline outside this open footwear season that we are seeing, as a strategy 
period, we did see that you know are temporary consumption slowdown Campus will be focusing 
back to some ₹1000 SKU. So I mean how ASP China for the full year versus say FY23-24?  
Management:  
Sorry, your voice is muffled, but if I get your question, you're asking ASP change between FY23 and 
FY24. What like going forward, what do we expect in FY25?  
Priyank Chedda: 
Yes, I mean these are focusing we, we started focusing back to some ₹7000 SKU. Outside this whole 
issue of heat wave and open footwear getting sold higher. How should ASP plan out for the full 
year?  
Management:  
No. So, we, like I said, we were not expecting you know this kind of demand for the open category 
and it's very understandable given the kind of heatwaves we had. So but this should not really 
impact I mentioned also in our last earnings call that we don't really see a big increase in our ASP in 
FY25 if you recall, because we anticipated the demand scenario, but we do see you know demand 
getting back on track very soon like even July onwards we've seen a decent recovery in demand, so 
therefore we don't, you know, anticipate any further ASP drop. I would say going forward this was 
just a seasonal thing. And we're on track, the economical portfolio like I also mentioned last time. 
So, our ratio to economical has actually also slightly gone up for below 1000 to 30%. salience versus 
27% year on year and 1000 to 1500 for your semi premium has gone up actually from 25% to 30% 
again year on year, but our 1500 plus portfolio premium segment has dropped from 46% to 40% 
year on year. So. This is what is in line with the strategy as well.  
Priyank Chedda: 
Perfect. Now just last question on the overall you know, category growth for the sports and 
athleisure given the casualization trend that we are witnessing, how would have been the primary 

sales being for FY24? Would it be double digit because we had some channel issues so I just want 
to want to get the sense of how would have been the category growth for the full year FY24. And 
any reasons to believe that this category growth should not grow more than double digits? In fact, 
as should sustain double digit in FY25, given that we are a smaller category in whole of a lakh crore 
kind of a space. So, what should be the overall category growth in FY25? Where should be Campus, 
I assume that we would be looking out for some market share gains in this category tailwind. And 
yeah, if you can share overall thoughts on the category growth?  
Management:  
So, see, this is definitely the fastest growing category still. There is no question about that. The 
whole sports athleisure space is growing faster than any other footwear category currently for the 
last, I think five years, 6 consecutive years now. We anticipate I think in lower double digit for sure 
like kind of category growth this year, FY25 to happen, just waiting for the markets to sort of 
demand scenario to come back. But that's about it and there should be no challenge and we should 
grow you know in line or faster than the category. So, I don't see any challenge with respect to our 
market share increase for this year as well. We are just honestly hoping and waiting for the markets 
to normalize and the demand scenario to come back. But we are fully geared up for you know the 
coming quarters.  
Priyank Chedda: 
 
Ohh, amazing all the best team. I'll get back in the queue for further questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.  
Videesha Sheth: 
Hi, good evening, Team. My first question was on the channel inventory. So where does it stand as 
of date given the muted consumption environment, is it still elevated or has it largely normalized?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
So, channel inventory, if you see the way the quarter shaped up, it was more towards the open 
footwear which eventually means that we did more primary on the open front, open footwear and 
slightly lesser as far as the shoes is concerned, so which, which by and large indicates that the 
channel in inventory is sort of coming to the levels or is that par with the demand in the market. 
Currently, we continue to hold around 60 odd days of inventory in the distribution channel 
anywhere between 60 to 80 days and that continues to be the norm considering the peak time for 
production of the NPDs.  
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. So, it's largely normalized and going forward the primary growth in the secondary growth 
will largely be in line? 
Sanjay Chhabra:  
Yeah.  
Videesha Sheth: 
OK. The second question was, if we were to remove the higher mix of the open footwear portfolio 
that we've seen this quarter, would the increase in portfolio mix of top ₹1000 price point products 
still happen? The increase that we've seen from 27% to 30%?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
OK. I would say that it's not that we are by and large, driving a sub ₹1000 price point category, we 
did try to fill certain gaps in our product portfolio in that particular price point wherever we felt 
that there is a market demand and we are absent in that price point. However, we would continue 
to consciously drive mix of our products through different channels. So, let's say the distribution 
would be a lever for driving volume and our other channels including the online, our brand.com 
and our own stores would be driving the mix, which means they would be offering the consumers a 
wider range of product and hence on an overall basis, we will continue to be conscious about our 
ASP's going forward.  
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. My third question was if you could elaborate on the consumption of growth pattern seen 
across three states in the first quarter and the second quarter till date?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
 
Which key states are you talking about?  
Videesha Sheth: 
 
States is in the north.  

Sanjay Chhabra:  
Sure. So North specifically, we have seen slight decline in our salience from let's say 41 to 38%, this 
is year on year. This is primarily due to the heat wave and we have seen our West and South 
portfolio grow by almost 4%. The east is also flattish at about has slightly grown from 17 to 18% 
and central is also grown from 6 to 7.8%, so it's basically not that has taken a little bit of a hit in 
terms of salience because of the extended heat waves, but we don't see any concern on that side.  
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. So just to marry these two points, this point and the fact that are open for saliency has 
increased, so the open footwear portfolio would have largely picked up in the region states of 
north.  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
That's right, it's actually Pan-India, like even South is a very big market for open category South and 
East almost like a Pan India category. We can't really say just the north centric.  
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. All right, noted. And just the last question, what has led to the 21% increase in the employee 
cost that we've seen this quarter?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
OK, so this is primarily driven by our additional headcounts primarily in the front-end function, the 
distribution business and also in the stores with the addition of new floors over period. And so of 
course the year-on-year inflation through the increment so these two after the driving, the higher 
employee cost.  
Videesha Sheth: 
 
Understood. Thank you. That's ultra nice.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.  
Umang Mehta:  
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, most of my questions answered, just two of them, if you 
can help me. First one was on your, you mentioned about performance marketing investments 
continuing. Was there any reason for a special call out or is it in line with what you've been doing 
historically?  
Management:  
That's perfectly in line with what we have been doing for last three odd quarters. The only reason 
for the call out is that we have seen a growth in the marketplace and that requires a bit of 
investment in the performance marketing.  
Umang Mehta:  
Understood. And the second one was on the stores which you opened. So, I realized that the mix of 
COCOs was bit on the higher end. Again, was that like a one off and you maintain that most of the 
new stores will be on the franchisee going forward?  
Management:  
No, so it's just a phasing thing Umang. We're still on track with the ratio of almost 65-70 COCOs to 
30-35 COCOs. This is just a phasing thing that can vary from quarter to quarter.  
Umang Mehta:  
 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mousumi from Equentis. Please go ahead.  
Mousumi: 
Yeah. Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. What are your target markets, which are your focused 
markets when you are looking to expand or come up with a new store? 
Management:  
Sure, sure. So, for EBOs, right?  
Mousumi: 
Yes.  
Management:  
Yeah. So EBOs, we are already present in 27 states as we speak and like for example, we've just 
opening a new store in Mangalore. So, so there are, you know there are markets basically in South 
now that we are actively pursuing. That is 1 space that has the least number of stores. So, it's 
basically South and a West also and South and West, I would say in line with the company strategy.  
Mousumi: 
Guidance on EBITDA margin or gross margins for this year?  
Management:  
We don't give any guidance. We shared we shared some guidance in the last call. Sticking by it. 

Mousumi: 
OK. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of earlier Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Hi Nikhil. Question on you know the BIS, I just want to 
understand you know what's the current status there? I understand almost 15-20% of industry 
revenues, or rather you know products in the particularly sportswear or coming from imports and 
am I correct that from the 1st of August that has been you know completely stopped. So, if you 
could just share you know, I mean whether that is true and then how much inventory would be 
there in the system and how we should benefit with this policy? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure. So, BIS is fully in effect now as of 1st of August and you know the government has mandated 
time till end of June 2025 for everyone to liquidate their non BIS inventory. And we are seeing 
some changes in the market already like I know from the channels that the Chinese inventory and 
the fake things that are being imported from China has reduced significantly. The imports have also 
been largely curtailed, so there is there is definitely a positive impact that we see in the market on 
account of that at least in terms of imports. It's just a matter of the inventory that they're holding 
today, all the channels of Chinese imports or the other, you know from other countries and we 
believe that they should, you know, ideally be liquidating all of that by this season and get done 
with it.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
 
And you said it's the time allowed is till June 2025 to liquidate all of that?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
 
That's right. Yes, for non-BIS.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
For Non-BIS. And what about the domestic market even here I think a lot of small and organized, 
you know players had you know sportswear with non-probably BIS compliance. So, what's the 
policy here and you know I mean what is the impact of that we would also have in terms of the cost 
that we will have to bear for the BIS compliance.  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So, for us the cost impact on BIS is very, very small, very, very, very small. Because we were already 
making very high-quality shoes. So, for us really the cost on in terms of materials with respect to 
BIS standards has not really changed. But we expect the other smaller players in the industry to 
have a significant cost impact on account of BIS, because they'll have to really upgrade the 
specification of the material that they use.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
OK. Can you just throw some little more color when you say the increase in cost for them, you 
know what kind of cost increase will happen because obviously there was a lot of big price 
arbitrage between the products that we were selling and they were selling and what is the kind of 
compliant they will have to have?  
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Hi, Ali, this is Sanjay. So, from a cost perspective, what as Nikhil mentioned for us, it was a very little 
impact for us. It was more of a cost for labeling for having some equipments to label the finished 
goods. But by and large our components were fully compliant even prior to the BIS coming into 
effect, however, for smaller players they will have to get back to the drawing room and see that 
their soles, whether they are compliant in terms of flexibility and composition, whether the uppers 
are using the right kind of fabric as specified by the guidelines, if at all they don't have a in-house 
labs to test, then they'll have to get the tests conducted through the external labs and that will 
have a cost impact. So, these are the three cost elements which are the basic ones post the BIS 
implementation which will trigger to all the footwear players.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
What this is very clear and there is no clear timeline yet for the domestic industry right for the SME 
and ME, they're still not given a deadline right for BIS compliance or has it been?  
Management: 
That's right. Yeah. I think turnover of less than 50 crores companies are not falling into the BIS 
bracket at the moment. But we expect that to change. That is the I think the endeavor of the 
government is to mandate it for everybody.  

Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is very useful. Just last question on the margin. So, if you can first just remind what is 
the margin outlook you gave in the last quarter and you know assumed that if as Sanjay also 
mentioned that you know this was the last quarter where we saw the impact where because of 
B2B if that gets normalized and we get into a run rate of double digit growth, then what is the 
normalized margin our business can do? Can we go back to the stable state margin we were doing 
earlier of you know 17-18%? Yeah. Thank you. 
Management:  
Ya sure. If you really want me to call it out, we will be aspiring to get to those numbers for sure. 
There is no doubt even in a very tough macro to be very honest, whatever one was highly muted in 
terms of demand and in spite of that, we've been able to deliver 15.8% EBITDA margins, which 
obviously we're very proud of because it was, it was unprecedented in terms of the demand this 
quarter. So therefore, in a normalized scenario, we certainly expect a higher margin.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. And just last bookkeeping question on the can you just call out what is the share of B2B in 
the overall D2C online business in this quarter?  
Management: 
Yeah, in the in the overall scheme of things, it is around 10 odd percent.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Of the total revenue and almost 50% of our revenue is D2C, right?  
Management: 
 
No. I'm sorry. I don't understand your definition of D2C.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
OK, I'm saying online, basically the entire online business out of 340 crores is 50%? 
Management: 
 
Around 35 to 37%. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
OK. And out of that of the total revenue, 10% is the B2B.  
Management: 
Yeah.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. OK, this is very clear. Thank you so much and wish you all the best for the coming quarters.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Philip Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Kedia:  
Sir, you spoke open footwear doing exceedingly well in the quarter. While you didn't intend to, you 
know, have so much, you just wanted to know, you know, is the product expense, you know very 
good that you know the consumers came to us for open footwear because competition could also 
be there. Secondly, if there was so much demand, you know, from an inventory perspective, how 
could you meet this demand because you would have not thought of such unprecedented demand 
in open footwear.  
Management: 
So, hi Ankit. So, we do have a very agile supply chain. You know, like we've mentioned in the past as 
well. So, we did prepare for higher offtake. We expected a higher offtake than the previous year on 
year, quarter one in terms of open category, it was more than what we anticipated, but we were 
kind of prepared with it as we have a very agile supply chain and we could manage it within the 
same season to be supplied, right. So that is what gave us a higher volume uptake in the open 
category.  
Ankit Kedia:  
And what will be the ASP difference between a closed footwear and open footwear for you? And 
typically, in open footwear, what exactly are we selling?  
Management: 
So open is basically all around sandals and slippers. These are the broadly two major categories we 
do a bit of clogs as well, but that's still much smaller compared to the other two, the ASP difference 
in the range of ₹150 to ₹200. The difference would be 150 to 200.  
Ankit Kedia:  
Sure. And do you think going forward or given the response which you have, it makes sense to push 
open. Footwear going forward as well or do you want to maintain it that you know around 20% 
plus, minus range?  

Management: 
Sure. So open definitely, you know strategically it will be an important category going forward. This 
is a seasonal category, which is basically mostly in quarter one. And you know, given the demand 
and the brand positioning that we command the top of mind, we call it definitely is a very low 
hanging fruit that that we can, you know encash upon. So, we would be looking to drive this 
category properly and with a much more rigor even from next year onwards. Therefore, but at the 
same time we do not expect our close footwear category share to sort of be cannibalized by the 
open category. By doing that, we should be able to maintain you know our ASP's or at least not that 
can drop beyond the point.  
Ankit Kedia:  
Sure. You know, my next question is on the trade channel. You know, this quarter also has declined 
by around 6-7% overall, you know 52% contribution. Do you think this can go back to the 60% odd 
contribution in next three years given the growth and investments you are doing in the offline 
channel or this will remain in that 50-55% ballpark? 
Management: 
So, our trade distribution revenue has dropped largely on account of ASP drop because of open 
category. It's not the volume. The volume is actually grown in the offline channel. So as soon as you 
know the closed is back let's say in quarter 2 onwards, we should be able to recover the revenue 
growth in the distribution channel and going forward, I mean the aspiration has always been to 
have a 50-50 mix between distribution and D2C so I see really no change in going forward because 
our detail is now retail like Offline EPOs, LFS, Canteen, CSD, CPC, our own brand.com all of these 
put together have also been now been a significant contributor. The share of this offline channel 
has gone up from almost 11% to 13%. So, you know we do expect this to now also contribute 
significantly going forward, so distribution will probably remain at 50-51% in this range going 
forward.  
Ankit Kedia:  
Sure. And my last question is on the margins. You know with this open footwear coming in, do you 
see open footwear at a lower margin versus closed footwear or it's pretty much similar multiplier?  
Management: 
OK. Just on the gross margin front, we were flat versus last year despite the increase in saliency of 
open footwear, which is a clear reflection of the fact that we are not trying to sort of down sell or 
rather maintain the product portfolio in a range which meets to our margin thresholds. I hope that 
answers your question.  
Ankit Kedia:  
Sure. And if I could squeeze in one more, you know, how is the discounting by competition because 
you know pretty much, we have, you know had a tough quarter, competition would have the worst 
quarter, right? And given that you know and last few quarters have been challenging, how are they 
liquidating inventory because they would not have working capital to have new products in the 
system. Are you seeing discounting being higher by competition, they are reducing the shifts from 
3 to 2 to 1. What's happening out there?  
Management: 
Yeah, we're seeing higher discounting by the competition. I'm talking about the private smaller 
players in the market. They are definitely discounting by much, much higher level. So, and this is 
largely due to the BIS impact as well. So, we have been able to maintain our margins while also 
selling the non-BIS inventory and selling the open category. You know we've been able to maintain 
margins so and going forward you know, we expect as the demand picks up, the ASP's to also pick 
up.  
Ankit Kedia:  
And your manufacturing is in full swing today or you have also cut down shifts at the factory given 
this demand environment? 
Management: 
No, we definitely calibrated the factory output in line with the demand also because there was a 
robust drive from our end in terms of selling the non-BIS goods as well as mandated by the 
government. So, keeping both the views in mind, the muted demand and the sellout of the non-
BIS, we have calibrated our production accordingly in quarter one.  
Ankit Kedia:  
 
Understood. Thank you so much and all the best, Nikhil.  

Moderator: 
Next follow up question is from the line of Priyank Chedda from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead.  
Priyank Chedda:  
Nikhil, what would be our contribution from the sneakers as a category and how has been the 
progress over here? Any growth numbers, any revenue contribution numbers that you would like 
to talk on this?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure Priyank, this is something we're very excited about. The sneakers portfolio has basically grown 
by almost 120% even though the base is obviously smaller compared to the sports portfolio. But 
the demand and the acceptance in the market is very promising, so going forward it is definitely 
one of the key areas that we would be continuing to focus on. It's a big growth lever along with the 
women and kids category where the women share has also gone up both in sneakers and in sports.  
Priyank Chedda:  
Perfect. And then on the South as a regional mix where our efforts have been concentrating for 
quite some time now. So, any overall change in the GTM strategy for South, I mean we understand 
that we have a largely online as a channel to penetrate in South markets. So, what are the efforts 
that are left to you know penetrate further, deeper and as well as in the breadth via trade channel 
in the southern markets? 
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Sure. So, South has been a focus both on online and offline. So, in distribution in the traditional 
channel also we've opened a couple of new distributors in South and enrolled a few more stores 
along with enhancing and you know we've invested in the sales team. And created a very, very 
good team on ground as well. So, you know also in terms of product portfolio, they do require a 
higher share of open versus closed category. That is also in line, you know with the growth strategy 
in South. So, we are doing all of these efforts in order to grow our south portfolio. So, there's no 
reason that we should not see a growth from there very soon like within this year.  
Priyank Chedda:  
OK. And on the new LFS account that we have opened, so would that mean that the growth in that 
account would gradually pick up or is it that day one, we grow it in that Channel and would that 
add another 200 or touch points from 1300 to say 1500?  
Sanjay Chhabra:  
Hi, this is Sanjay. The growth in the LFS is a gradual progression. I mean, we do get an entry into 
certain number of test stores and then eventually it amplifies based on the success of our product 
or the particular category. So, it will be a period of I would say three to four quarters wherein we 
would be present in all those stores of that particular chain, it will be a gradual progression.  
Priyank Chedda:  
Got it and Sanjay, just last clarification on that B2B online which you said it would be around say 
10% of the total revenues, which would mean that it would be 30-35 crores of total revenue and 
annualized that would be around say 120 crores, 140 crores and so for the full year, it would 
remain flat, right? I mean we ended B2B around 130-140 crores last year? 
Sanjay Chhabra:  
 
Yeah, that's right, 150 odd crores.  
Priyank Chedda:  
 
Got it, got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
There are few things. One, what is our presence in can you share tell us something about what is 
your estimate of the market share in the sports category in LFS and the retail side?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
LFS is a fast-growing channel for us. Honestly, we won't have the numbers for market share for 
Campus. We don't track that yet as it's still a very, you know, small contributor to the overall 
revenue. So, there's ample growth for revenue like it's a completely white space for us at the 
moment. So, the focus is more on adding every quarter and every you know, regularly adding big 
and strong LFS partners on board and that's what we're driving at the moment. So, I think the 
market share number would be relevant probably a couple of quarters from now.  

Niraj Mansingka: 
OK. Any thoughts on how your market share has moved in the open footwear over the last few 
years, one or two years?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
Open again. No, we wouldn't have a very significant market share on the open side to be honest, 
even that you know, like I mentioned earlier, it's a low hanging fruit. It's a white space. The only 
thing we'll have to be conscious of is our ASP's and the margins being contributed from the open 
category, but given how strong the brand acceptance is in the market, we've received a very, very 
good response in quarter one from the open category. So, it is encouraging to definitely you know 
increase the share of this category going forward. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And the open footwear we're talking about is generally the Eva based products growth going faster 
in the last?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
We have two price points. We do have single Eva. We also have Eva with rubber and TPR outsole 
which is a more premium product on the sandal and slipper side. So, it's a range we start at almost 
499 and we go up as high as 999. 999 in the open category is a very premium offering which very 
few brands in the country are basically providing.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
And the last question. Any thoughts on you you're opening a lot of retail stores and I thought that 
athleisure was an area that you may look at. So, any thoughts on that?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
So we are already doing a couple of other categories like we have backpacks, we have socks which 
is actually doing quite well. They're very decent contributor to the revenue of the news. We also 
have some other accessories like caps and stuff. But apparels is a big category which we would 
need a little bit more time to venture into. It's not on the cards at the moment.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
But is it that after some threshold or some Eva, you would like to look at that? Is it that the way?  
Nikhil Aggarwal: 
 
Right. Yeah. It would make more sense after we have a couple of 100 stores.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, on behalf of Campus 
Activewear Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us. In case of any further 
queries, 
please 
reach 
out 
to 
Campus 
Activewear’s 
Investor 
Relations 
team 
at 
ird@campusshoes.com. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
