 
Titan Company Limited 
`INTEGRITY` #193  Veerasandra  Electronics City P.O.  Off Hosur Main Road, Bangalore 560100 India. Tel: 9180 6704 7000 Fax: 9180 6704 6262 
Registered Office 3, Sipcot Industrial Complex  Hosur  635 126  TN  India. Tel-91 4344 664 199 Fax 91 4344 276037, CIN: L74999TZ1984PLC001456 
www.titancompany.in 
 
 
SEC 86 / 2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
                             6th August 2024 
 
The General Manager, DCS – CRD 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500114 
      The General Manager, DCS – CRD 
      National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
      Exchange Plaza, 
      Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
      Bandra (East), 
      MUMBAI - 400 051 
      Symbol: TITAN 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcripts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform the exchanges that the transcript of audio call recording of 
the Company’s Analyst Call to discuss the unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the first quarter ended 30th June 2024 is attached herewith.  
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company: www.titancompany.in 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
 
Yours truly, 
For TITAN COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
Dinesh Shetty 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As stated 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DINESH 
SHIVANN
A SHETTY
Digitally signed 
by DINESH 
SHIVANNA 
SHETTY 
Date: 2024.08.06 
11:21:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
 
“Titan Company Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C. K. VENKATARAMAN 
 – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. ASHOK SONTHALIA  
– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. SWADESH BEHERA  
– CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER 
 
MR. AJOY CHAWLA   
– CEO, JEWELLERY DIVISION 
 
MS. SUPARNA MITRA  
– CEO, WATCHES & WEARABLES 
DIVISION 
 
MR. SAUMEN BHAUMIK  
– CEO, EYECARE DIVISION 
 
MR. KURUVILLA MARKOSE (DINY) – CEO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
DIVISION 
MR. AMBUJ NARAYAN   
– CEO, INDIAN DRESSWEAR DIVISION 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 2 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
MR. MANISH GUPTA  
– CEO, FRAGRANCES & FASHION 
ACCESSORIES DIVISION 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Titan Company Limited Q1 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. C.K. Venkataraman, Managing Director, Titan Company 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Thank you very much. Hello, everyone, on the call. So Quarter 1 of FY'25 was characterized by 
multiple external factors, the rising gold price on the one hand, a relatively lower number of 
wedding dates in the country across India, superheated summer, especially starting late April, 
all the way into June and multiple excitements caused by the elections leading up to the results 
on the 4th of June and thereafter. 
 
And on account of all this, there was an overall consumption challenge that you must have read 
across the board and our different businesses performed differently in this context. And we 
shared this through the filing to the stock exchange in the first week of July as all of you were 
aware. 
 
And overall, we are satisfied from the position of where each of our businesses stands in the 
category and the growth that we have achieved in sales and overall position in the market in this 
context of external and industry factors. And of course, you would be aware of the end of the 
Board meeting and the results published as well. 
 
And now I would request you to come in with your questions to all of us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and one on your touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking the questions.  Our first question comes from Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just on the jewellery bit, there are two questions or clarifications. One, what would be the SSG 
for the quarter? And what would be the new store growth? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Same-store growth is around 3% for this quarter and overall growth is around 9%. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 3 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Manoj Menon: 
Thanks Ajoy. Yes. So I thought it's LFL, right, so not SSG. Is there a difference in definition 
here of LFL and SSG? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Like-to-like and same-store 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Just our term versussomebody else’s 
Manoj Menon: 
The reason I asked is because Domino's, for example, defined LFL and SSG as two distinct 
things actually. So it's just the same thing, right? Same store, which has been around for more 
than a year. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yeah 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay, sure. Just as a quick follow-up on this, do you see a possibility to, let's say, accelerate the 
store expansion over the next 12, 24 months, given the, let's say, what you highlighted in the 
analyst meet also on the competitive context changing. Is there a possibility to accelerate 
expansion if I can use the word land grab? Is that a possibility? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
This is for jewellery you're asking, Manoj? 
Manoj Menon: 
Only jewellery. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So our aim is to target around 40 to 50 stores in Tanishq and about 70 to 80 stores in Mia and a 
substantial similar number in CaratLane. So those plans are on. Further beyond that, we are not 
sure whether it makes sense to push aggressively because it's also a function of our current base. 
 
We are already at a fairly large base. Our presence is also very strong across most towns, 270-
towns, etcetera. So we will stick to what we think is the right opportunity and ensure quality of 
stores that we open are good. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Also, what Ajoy has expressed over many of the earlier calls is the prominence of the network 
and not just the size of the network. For example, this weekend, we are -- next weekend, we are 
inaugurating a new version of our sector 17 store in Chandigarh -- which is a much bigger sector 
17 store compared to earlier. So it's not increasing the count, I think is substantially increasing 
our presence and competitive advantage. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So those will continue around 20, 30 stores will get transformed into significantly larger stores 
in addition to these stores. Each of those expansions is like adding a store. 
Manoj Menon: 
Loud and clear, I must say that we visited recently the Chennai T Nagar store, I could see the 
transformation. I could get are were you are coming from. Second and last question, I'll come 
back in the queue. So recently, we noted the custom duty reduction, which has been fairly 
material. There is a consensus expectation that look, GST can increase.  
Now I just want to only understand from this historical experience, let's say, if I'm trying to think 
about hypothesis of GST of 3% looks like a 5% or 7% print, how does the consumer behave in 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 4 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
that context? Because, let's say, in a ₹5 lakh bill, let's say, I see GST as a separate number, which 
is ₹15,000 number supported suddenly, that increases to ₹25,000 - ₹35,000. 
 
The worry or the concern here is in that sort of a scenario, can it -- trigger a reversal of 
formulization because it's a separate expense the customer gets to see because I'm not sure the 
normal consumer really understands the unbundled way of calculating gold price. 
 
So, it just one number we see right? And then this is an expense. So historical implementation, 
let's say of state VAT or GST, et cetera, how has that transition has been? 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Not an easy one to answer, Manoj, but I would say that, sure, the store of value challenge comes 
in, then I have to pay something which I don't get back. But I don't think the formalization is at 
all going to be lost. 
 
Too many things that have happened in the country for people to buy respectable things and live 
with life with holding their heads high and spend the money in a straight way and all that kind 
of things. So I don't think in the margin, it may happen, but that's not something that we are 
thinking at all. The government may be wanting to do that for mopping up part of what they give 
away, but from a customer side, I don't think -- they will go back to a jeweller who will give a 
parchi (“receipt”) and not charge GST. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avi from Macquarie. 
Avi: 
Sir, I just wanted to kind of understand the jewellery growth a little bit more. You pointed 
towards multiple headwinds. I understand one of which you said was the volatility in gold prices. 
Now I just wanted to appreciate what is it that gives us confidence that competition is not a 
concern, and it is more of this volatility. If you could give us some understanding on that, please? 
And whether these headwinds have moderated subsequently. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So I don't think we would like to take away from competitive intensity. Surely competitive 
intensity is of course, we have recognized and about in every earnings call as well as the Investor 
Day. We are certainly not undermining that. We think competitive intensity has only gone up 
and will continue to increase. In addition to the fact that we saw a huge gold price rise, 20% 
year-on-year, for the quarter is pretty large. 
 
And that has, from our own understanding of being touch with customers kept many customers 
on the fence which coincidentally, we also saw post budget, there is a certain people who are on 
the fence wanting to come back in a bigger way. So that is the hard truth of what we experienced 
besides other things like lesser wedding days and election-related disturbances especially post 
Akshaya Tritiya. So, all these forces put together I would certainly not undermine competitive 
intensity, if that is the impression you've got, then perhaps we've not. 
Avi: 
Sir, I may not have come across correctly. And what I meant is that that has not been the key 
reasons for weakness versus last quarter. It is more an industry phenomenon, how I read it. And 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 5 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
there is no material change in that competitor intensity how I read the comments, but I wanted 
to kind of just appreciate if that understanding is correct. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So see, different parts of the country have behaved differently. In some regions, we have gained 
in some regions, we have been flat. And in some markets, we might have lost to either a local 
player or a rapid expansion suddenly by some national players. So, there are pluses and minuses. 
At an overall level, our belief is we have held on to our overall market share. Because it's not 
just one player versus another, there are 40, 50 players we are tracking. So, it's not a straight 
away win-loss game that you can conclude upon. Therefore, we didn't choose to highlight it 
because we don't believe we have significantly lost market share. Or for that matter, we have not 
even gained. So it's been an even steven. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
From an explanation or a determinant of growth point of view, a matter of factors have a much 
greater determination growth than this. 
Avi: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, the second bit I wanted to understand your comment on the custom duty. a) Is 
there any quantum that you could share on what is likely? And b) does this, in anyway, moderate 
the discounting pressures in jewellery or studied margins, either in terms of the overall quantum 
or in terms of period of impact, how do you -- would that be a possibility? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes, we hope so also because finally, the gold prices have cooled down to the extent of reduction 
in custom duty so far, notwithstanding what changes may come either due to GST or anything 
else. 
 
And other factors, geopolitical uncertainty suddenly pushed up the gold rate in dollar terms 
higher in the last 1, 2 days again. But those are factors beyond our control. But if gold rates 
remain moderated, down, like we have seen, then it does give some relief on the gross margin, 
especially for studded. 
 
And certainly, with a reduction in customs duty by 9%, it significantly reduces the attractiveness 
of illegal imports into the country, though it won't make it 0. But certainly, it's a step in the right 
direction, and we really think it is the most appropriate thing that's happened, especially for gold 
imports into the country. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
And the ability -- simultaneously, the ability of those players to undercut the formal jewellers 
and all that dramatically reduces and therefore, your point about the discounting, but it's too 
soon, just a week. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But if the general principle of that 
decision is right, and it is right, by and large, then hopefully, that should all start. 
Avi: 
Got it. And the quantum, and I thought would you be able to share the likely near-term hit? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
So Ashok here. I think while all of us agree that long-term benefit of this move and maximum 
loss, which we think over next 6 months would flow through our P&L could be in the range of 
₹500 crores to ₹550 crores. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 6 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
 
But many things can work in different directions, which we yet don't know. And that is why 
very accurately estimating this is very difficult. This is the maximum number which I shared 
with you. It can be slightly lower depending on the gold prices, what kind of discounts are 
happening in the market, et cetera, et cetera. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
During the analyst meet, we indicated some margin pressure related to our ability to charge the 
making charge in the wake of sudden spike in gold price. But when we see our Q1 margins, it 
has actually improved 20 basis points, and this is despite the lower studded growth. So, I wanted 
to check on the drivers of this margin improvement for Q1? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So, a large part of it has been on account of overheads management in line with the subdued 
growth compared to what, let's say, we would have wanted to see. I don't think there is any 
significant change in the gross margin or the premiums, et cetera, in this quarter. The pressures 
on margin, I believe, could continue depending on how gold rates behave, notwithstanding the 
customs duty. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And these cost optimization levers are expected to continue in the coming quarters as 
well, right? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes, it's an ongoing thing to Devanshu because we are constantly alive to the fact that our costs 
and growth should kind of be in sync. And this is not just for the jewellery business. I think it's 
-- all the businesses probably Ashok can share if there is something more, but -- it should be in 
line. I don't know how it will... 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
So the dynamic aspect that Ajoy is referring to. And there is a need, you compress when there 
is an opportunity, you let it go, it will be like but very agile to deliver to some estimate like that. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So one other element I want to just share that because of competitive intensity and newer players, 
et cetera, coming in, we may have to also think of stepping up marketing investments tactically 
in markets, et cetera, which may have a bearing. 
 
So inventory and also inventory. So it's a dynamic thing. We have -- we kind of take it quarter-
to-quarter. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. That's very helpful. Second question is more on a slightly longer time frame. So globally, 
leading jewellery players are catering to more consumption occasions as well. 
 
There are -- their presence is also into services and customization, et cetera. In light of rising 
competition, what is your thought process on these aspects? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So services, I don't think we have really thought too much about it. We do some amount of 
service through our carrier network or the craftsmen in the stores. which is refurbishing or 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 7 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
jewellery, et cetera, but it's not really seen as a revenue stream. We see it as a customer value 
add. 
 
Having said that, on bespoke and customization, we have a fairly substantial business in the 
made-to-order space, which is completely customized designs. And we are expanding that on an 
ongoing basis and working hard at ensuring that, that piece of the pie keeps growing because it's 
something which customers really want. It doesn't change the margin profile or anything of that 
sort. So it's just another growth driver. But it's something that we have driven for some years. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. In terms of consumption occasions, Ajoy, do you see some white spaces here, which we 
can cater as a leader? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Not any new ones, maybe I think both CaratLane and Mia do cater to payday and resell reward, 
et cetera. But I think pretty much birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, milestones continue to be 
special occasions around jewellery gets bought for self for gifting. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I was more asking from athleisure, casual from these occasions perspective? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
No, no, nothing that I can comment on that athleisure. Casual and modern wearable jewellery 
yes, we do a lot of that. But athleisure, no. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
Sir, two questions. Firstly, can you give us a sense of the contribution in the jewellery business 
from the overseas stores? And secondly, are we seeing any sort of underlying change in the 
demand environment post this custom duty got any sort of sense in the 15 days that you've had. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So I think the first answer to the first question is around 3%. International is still very small but 
growing rapidly. On the post budget announcement and 9% reduction, certainly, there has been 
a lot of people who are on the fence who have come in and started buying, and we are seeing a 
continued upswing -- significant upswing in gold and studded growth, more in gold, but also in 
studded. 
And overall, I think the market has seen it is not just us, all players -- so I think there was a lot 
of fence sitting even due to elections, deferred purchases in Quarter 1. Some of it has now begun 
to come through is my own understanding as pent-up demand. Yes. So we are seeing good 
response as we speak. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. Very clear. And just to follow up on that, I mean, this also coincided with your 
activation, right, or coincides partly -- so how has that played out? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes, it is true. In fact, we advanced the activation by a few days, but it has played out pretty 
well. So it works -- both the forces are at play. But even last year, we had this and we do compare 
our growth to similar periods of activation. And even that, the numbers are looking good as we 
speak. And certainly, they have jumped up post the announcement of the budget. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 8 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy from IIFL. 
Percy: 
So my question is on the custom duty cut. So while the custom duty has been cut materially still 
the gold price today is only 5% below the all-time high. And 5%, that kind of volatility can 
happen on a day-to-day basis. I mean, it's not a material sort of drop. So how much do you think 
can this small cut really spur the demand by? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So Percy, difficult to answer that question. But just to give you a sense, even 2-3 days before, 
the budget MCX rates were already 2% to 3% below. Okay. And then post that, there was some 
fluctuation and when I added up both over a period, it looked like 8%-9% reduction. But in the 
last couple of days, again, due to geopolitical or other international factors, the dollar gold rate 
has gone up.  
So it's a dynamic environment is the best I can say. But so far, what has happened is this has 
resulted in a customer sentiment to come in and buy jewellery. And we are continuing to see 
that. Let's see how the next few days also progress. Let's say, this weekend will tell us how things 
stabilize in the mind of the customer also. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Also, the other side of it, which we spoke a little earlier is the level playing field aspect of the 
formal organized sector players who play with the rules versus those who may be using the 
illegal gold coming into the country. That change is in favour of the organized players. Demand 
-- total demand is one part, yes. But the relative demand and market share potential in the near 
term is to the advantage of the organization. 
Percy: 
Got it. Secondly, just wanted to understand the competitive dynamic here. So, this was a weak 
quarter and even so more because wedding season was very weak. And the other large-listed 
player has a higher share of wedding jewellery than us. And yet their SSG is 12%, we are at 3%. 
So how do we look at this? And is there any sort of -- I mean, in terms of market share within 
the organized players, is there some decline that you see? Or whatever is this differential is made 
up by some of the other organized players doing worse? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Okay. I'll try to keep it as succinct as possible. See, the contributions of different regions is very 
different for us versus, let's say, the other organized player you are referring to and some of the 
other large chains materially, it's very materially different. So just to give you a sense, while we 
have declared a 9% growth in total business and a 3% on same store, actually, that figure 
doubles. I mean, not double, 16% is the growth figure, if I look at only South markets. 
And in a way, somehow that aligns with or is slightly better than whatever we have picked up 
of the reported figures of other organized players. And we do track many of them, not just the 
listed ones, but even the unlisted. So South has performed rather differently in this quarter 
compared to other regions. 
Percy: 
Any reason for this differential performance? 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 9 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Ajoy Chawla: 
Actually very difficult to say. It's just that I think the election-related disturbances as well as the 
heat wave and the wedding days. So in the South, wedding dates were not as badly impacted in 
the North and Lagan markets and all which is the Bihar, UP, et cetera, there, there were no dates 
in the quarter, but in South had some dates and also had some more dates in July. So I think 
South had some different forces at play, and that has benefited, I think, all players, not just us. 
So there's a difference in the relative regional contribution. And our own sense is that there has 
been substantial expansion activity by some of the organized listed and unlisted players in North 
and East. And that base itself is very low for them. 
 
And therefore, that shows up in differential growths as well. And if I were to pick up my own 
reading, I think this East, the bigger share gain or loss would have come from regional players. 
And there, I think we've, in fact, gained. West, I think it is more or less stable. It's not too much 
of a difference is our reading and North, there has been a lot more competitive activity by 
organized players, but their base is small, so they have certainly grown faster than us. Unable to 
say right now whether we've lost to them or we have gained something from local players, that 
bit is very difficult to make out. 
Percy: 
Got it. And last quick question on margins versus your guidance in the analyst meet a couple of 
months earlier. Is there any sort of tilt towards upside or downside in terms of confidence around 
those numbers? I know it's too early to change the guidance. But just in terms of the confidence, 
is there an upside or a downside risk to that number? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
If you compare Quarter 1 of last year and Quarter 1 of this year, actually, we are slightly better 
off through cost control, et cetera. Custom duty impact, we already articulated, which is going 
to be certainly affecting margin going forward for us. 
Percy: 
Yes, that I'm treating as a one-off anyway. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
So if we normalize to that, then we don't have any reason at this point of time to think about 
changing our guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
More curious to understand, our focus recently, I'm saying that there are a lot of impetus store 
opening on Zoya and Mia, not per se Zoya. So maybe if I look back, I think if you want to help 
us to understand what is the value contribution non-Tanishq will have broadly, I mean, not 
specific? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
It's less than 5%. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And the reason why we are pushing a lot of Mia is that you think there is an ample 
opportunity beyond CaratLane. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
I think there's opportunity for both CaratLane and Mia, and there are 6 - 7 other players in the 
market. So, if you think of it, the market size of younger, modern audience is pretty large in 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 10 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
India, you're talking about 40 million, 50 million addressable people and I don't think put 
together, we are able to address even less than 10% or 15% of that market. 
 
So as more and more players are also there, it is actually quite good to have multiple horses in 
play pretty much if you think of an F1 race, there were more than 1 car for a Ferrari or a McLaren, 
et cetera. So it's actually good that we are able to dominate that part of the market. 
 
As I shared in the Investor Day, between Tanishq, Mia and CaratLane we are a significant player, 
in the portfolio play in terms of buyer growth, acquiring new buyers is very good. And hence, 
the opportunity is large, very large, for both brands CaratLane and Mia, we don't see the reason 
to hold one back for the benefit of the other. I mean both can grow. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So what would be the new buyer contribution this quarter? 
Ashok Chawla: 
Overall, excluding CaratLane, I have the data on Tanishq, Mia, Zoya readily, it's around 45% is 
the new buyer contribution, which is just a percentage point lower than last year same quarter 
despite whatever challenges that we talked about that Quarter 1 saw. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. No, why I'm asking this because if last 2 quarters, if I see, our exchange used to be 1/3rd  
to I don't know what this quarter is, but if the exchange is strategically coming down, will it have 
a direct impact on our revenue growth momentum? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Exchange? Not really. Exchange is not -- it is pretty much in the same ballpark, just a couple of 
percentage points here and there. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
It would be 35... 
Ajoy Chawla: 
In exchange. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
It would be around 35%. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes, it is around. It is 35% if I look at the Tanishq's number. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, I was just more asking curiously, Ajoy. If the exchange is the one of the component of 
buying the high-value jewellery and if the gold prices are higher, that will also influence the 
customer’s decision. So that's what I was more curious that if the customer has had a different 
taste. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Okay. No, no. So let me clarify. If your question on exchange is different, I was mixing it up 
with the previous one. Exchange is lower by a couple of percentage points as a contribution in 
the current quarter but not significantly more. And it is in correlation with wedding, there's a lot 
of correlation between wedding purchases and exchange. 
 
Wedding contribution was 21% last year, it's 20% this year, exchange was 37% last year, 35% 
this year. So there is a correlation there. And typically, this year, we have seen, compared to last 
year, lesser people. In fact, people are thinking gold prices may go up further or also gold 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 11 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
movement during election period is restricted. So those factors also come into play. So I wouldn't 
read much into the figures. It's materially not too different. We should wait and see for how first 
half looks overall. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second and last question to Suparna. It's heartening to see that in Fastrack volume 
growth is upwards of 16%. Is there any specific regional changes we have done in terms of 
promotions or penetration or offers? 
Suparna Mitra: 
So most of the change has actually been in the product. And we have worked a lot on making 
the product more fashion forward. We had launched a sub-brand called Vyb for young women 
last year. 
 
And also on the main Fastrack brand, the 2- 3 things that are working are differentiated products 
as well as premium products. We've introduced premium products like ceramic, automatics 
which sell at ₹10,000, and consumers have lapped it up. So, our product line-up is now much 
more oriented towards today's young customer, and that has given us a lot of boost. And this 
was actually work in progress that was going on for more than a year. And I think now we are 
seeing the results of this. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I'm asking this question. If this volume continues, there will be some mix change towards the 
second half. And that's my worry that if we have the margin guidance, whether we will be able 
to continue with that margin guidance. 
Suparna Mitra: 
No. In Fastrack, the sub-brand margin profile is different, but the main Fastrack brand is very 
healthy margin. There are no margin issues there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Ambit. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
The first question was, again, to the jewellery segment that from the way we look at it, the 
competitive intensity looks like it is here to stay, given the rise of some of the organized players. 
Historically, have you seen some triggers, which has helped to moderate competition? Or do 
you think this is a new reality going forward? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
I think it's a new reality, more will come in fact one more has entered the fray also in July. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Absolutely. I had a second question, which was on the charge that we saw that just to clarify, 
the impact of this charge, which is related to the factor in import duty is mainly on the gold on 
lease portion out of the outstanding on the day of the budget, right? Or is it going to be some 
impact which could continue going forward? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
No, it will not continue. It was gold on lease and some of the portion which we hedge to forwards 
that was also there. So these two put together. So, there is nothing going forward. It is determined 
at that point of time, and that's the maximum number which I shared with you. It can be slightly 
better than that, but yes, that's the one. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 12 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
C. K. Venkataraman: 
As we liquidate this inventory, this will flow. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Understood. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek M from Jefferies India. 
Vivek M: 
My first question is, over the last decade at different points of time you have given your market 
shares and your aspirations. But Venkat and team, when you look at market shares today, do you 
look at the total jewellery market, which is where you want to gain the market share? Or do you 
also look at within organized? Do you want to hold on to market share or do you want to gain 
market share? 
 
Because let's say, by your admissions you are seeing competition will rise in the organized space. 
Does that mean that from an overall market perspective, you may gain share, but within 
unorganized, so within organized you may lose? How do you think about this share from an 
organized perspective? 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
No, we think about it from a total market point of view because there are so many markets where 
we are going into, there is no organized player only. For example, if I take Sitamarhi, 
Madhubani, Raxaul, there is no brand there, which of the kind we legally speak about. 
 
And we are putting our stores, which are doing ₹40 crores, ₹50 crores, ₹70 crores in a year and 
so many small towns across the country. So, we look at it from a total market point of view. But 
from a competition point of view, particularly those who are likely to affect us are the larger 
players, the more professional independents, to more professional, regional players. And 
therefore, in each state or city, we have to reference those and act accordingly. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So just to throw a little more flavour. In many regions, the local player is very strong compared 
to some of the other places. Not just in small town, but even in, let's say, certain larger states. So 
there, we refer to them. 
 
Second, we do track growth of all the organized players, and we do track our relative growth 
like-to-like total growth. For these organized players as well as for the unorganized key play 
players around 40, 50 brands, we tend to track city by city. So, we are mindful of their growths 
and our growths as well, and therefore, we would not like to fall behind as far as possible. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Also, it's a very complex situation because the nature of the industry -- I mean, the size of the 
industry being so large, the formalization opportunity still being very large. We can continue to 
do exceptionally well even when some others come in and do that. Because they may be going 
after customer segments of a different type and all that. But all those who are likely to play in 
the same customer segment as we do, and therefore, we can get affected by their success. 
 
Our failure and their success are in a way intrinsically linked. That's where the focus is greater 
when we start understanding. And because we are a retailing company with very high database, 
there were more than 1 crores of Tanishq customers in our database. And therefore, if somebody 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 13 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
buys we lose, we know so all that kind of a city level, catchment level, gain loss thing is the 
continuous but improving focus of the division. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. Thank you for the elaborate explanation. The other thing. Venkat and team, and we have 
asked this at different points of time, but given how situation is on the scenarios emerging 
particularly in the developed markets, in your Tanishq network, do you see customers asking 
for, let's say, lab-grown diamond increasingly? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So we've been tracking. We've been trying to track inquiries on a continuous basis across all the 
stores Tanishq, CaratLane, Mia, Zoya. Zoya there's, of course, very few. And so far, we have 
not seen material inquiries. What we do hear about this that customers want to know -- they're a 
little more curious -- and they want to be assured that what we are selling, is it natural? Has it -
- has it got any lab, et cetera. There are some questions and some of them have even gone on to 
demand, ‘can you please certify that yours is entirely natural?’ etcetera. We've had to do that 
and we've won it and done that. But yes, there is enough and more noise in the market, if you 
think of media, if you think from a number of players, et cetera, coming in. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Also, I mean, it will play out, and we'll know better. But I'm just saying, if you go back 
historically to maybe even two decades back to American movies, right, and where male 
proposes to a bride-to-be or bride-to-be showing off what she got from her fiancé. So, this whole 
rock and the size of that rock and the solitaire and my god, that guy thought of you so much, and 
therefore, he bought such a bigger rock. That has been at the center of the American jewellery 
industry.  
And therefore, the motivation of all those men who are getting -- who are proposing or getting 
married to buy the best rock possible for the bride is also at the center of what is happening in 
the American Diamond, American LGD industry. And you combine it with the sanction that the 
American jewellers have also given in a big way to the LGD product lines by keeping it within 
and the overall penetration of naturals in the American consumer markets. 
 
So you combine all this, so the potential playground for LGDs have been dramatically lifted 
there. Whereas in India, this first point where the man is trying to impress the women with the 
size of that big diamond rock that he is buying for this is not even present. Of course, it is 
evolving. The solitaire market in India is in a way in that space. But the share of solitaire to the 
total diamond jewellery in India is relatively small.  
So therefore, that also including the fact that women are not asking or men or not asking in India, 
what Ajoy was saying, that's also because of the absence of the latent demand for something like 
that. And therefore, the way it will play out in Eastern markets, not just in India because you can 
look at even other Eastern markets of the world, where one big signal of affluence is the 
acquisition of a natural diamond product apart from a big car, a big house and stuff like that. So, 
it's a very multidimensional thing at play as well. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 14 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And a very small question for Ashok. Just from my understanding, I'm sorry, with a very 
naive question. But in the case of gold exchange, there is no GST implication or is there? On the 
gold itself. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
No, no, there is -- when we take back gold on exchange, there is a GST element. Sure. But TEP, 
there is certainly a GST element when we take a Tanishq exchange. And for the gold that comes 
in from non-Tanishq, we just melt the gold and give that person a credit note, but on Tanishq 
exchange, there is a gold. There's a GST loss for the customer. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
Customer loss, but we don't have any implication. Once we sell again, then, of course, GST 
plays out, yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
No, sorry. My question is the GST impact will be only on the differential, which is the gold -- 
which is the making charge, right? On the gold itself, if I give my gold to you, you give me back 
the gold and whatever making charge that you charge me on that, there will be a GST because 
it's my gold, which I'm giving you and giving me back, assuming I give you 100 units and you... 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
These are two different transactions. We are buying. We are taking from you, and we are selling 
it to you. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. So, there is an implication on the gold itself for the customer. There's a loss of value. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
There is a loss of value. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhant Dand from Goodwill. 
Siddhant Dand: 
My first question was regarding the CaratLane leadership changes. So, has this affected the 
business? And have there been other leaders who have exited lately? 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Sorry, who was that, please? 
Siddhant Dand: 
The Management -- so there's been leadership changes at CaratLane, right? 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
This is Venkat here. So Avnish Anand was one of the founders, co-founders of CaratLane has 
chosen to leave for personal reasons, and it was an amicable kind of discussion and decision. 
And after considering all possible candidates, we concluded that Saumen Bhaumik should be 
the new leader, and he will formally move in soon. And there has been a lot of welcoming of 
Saumen and the new leadership that he brings from the CaratLane team, and the early signs are 
very exciting and positive. And I'm sure we are headed for even greater things in CaratLane. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. Perfect. My second question was regarding -- there's a big difference in consol and stand-
alone profit. So, is this largely the losses in the international business? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
There are two elements, apart from losses in the international business, there is one-off item, 
which has been explained in our presentation. We had a $2 million loan extended by our U.S. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 15 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
subsidiary, TCL NA to an entity, recoverability of that has come under question mark. So, we 
have fully provided for that. So that's kind of a one-off item also sitting there. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. Just a request to upload the presentation a little earlier for that? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
Yes, we take your request, but we are also, when the Board approves the accounts thereafter 
only we can upload that. So yes, but we will try to keep that in mind. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshen from Fidelity. 
Akshen: 
Yes. So, some of my questions have got answered. So, I won’t repeat them. Just wanted to 
congrats Venkat on the book, really love reading your perspective in detail. Thanks for writing 
the book. One question was around the lab grown diamond. I know it's work in progress. So you 
guys, you said you are monitoring data. But when you speak to customers, have you seen 
resistance like you said, some people are asking for guarantee, et cetera. 
 
How can you provide that guarantee? I mean naive understanding but from what we understood, 
it's very difficult to differentiate on polished on what is natural and what is lab grown. So, do we 
have that kind of control on our sourcing that we can give that guarantee to the customer? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
It's an important question, and we've been at it for the last several years, in fact, 4 to 5 years aa 
lab grown has been in the market for quite some time, supply side, at least. We have invested 
extensively in equipment across all our partners and our own labs and our own sourcing and in-
warding offices. 
 
We are ensuring that every stone, first of all, we source most of our stones directly through 
sightholders and through very stringent norms, we work with very stringent norms. So, every 
stone is tested. Thereafter, if we do pass it on to any of our job work vendors or outwork vendors, 
it is tested by them. It is again tested before we take it in, and it's ensured that before it enters 
our warehouse, it is completely checked. And in fact, even outward, there is checks done. So, 
there are 3 to 4 times that the product gets tested. 
 
And we have the latest equipment, which will ensure that there is absolutely no contamination. 
And this is one of an important risk, strategic risk that we had identified almost 4-5 years ago, 
and a lot of investment has gone into this. So we, for sure, can -- because we are deeply involved 
in the manufacturing, sourcing of stones and supply of manufacturing of the jewellery, we can 
say that for sure. I agree with you that for many other retailers, it may be a challenge because 
they are not involved so much in the back end of the value chain. 
Akshen: 
I'm just trying to think is that something that we can publicize and advertise because like the 
karatmeter was a differentiator then, would this be a differentiator now. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Good input. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 16 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Akshen: 
My second question was just the difference in EBIT margins between consolidated and stand-
alone in jewellery, is the margin seems to be low in the implied subsidiary numbers. I don't know 
if that's to do with only the extraordinary or there was something more of play over there? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
No, it is lower in the subsidiary outside and the subsidiary is scaling up. But our expectation is 
that as they grow, their margin profile certainly should improve. But of course, in this quarter, 
it has not happened. So yes, that's the reason. But eventually, when we spoke about even Annual 
Investor Day, over 2 to 3 years' timeframe, we believe that subsidiary, which is CaratLane should 
scale up as well as improve the EBIT margin profile. 
Akshen: 
Very last question, just how should we be thinking about your net interest expense going 
forward? It's sort of been rising from about ₹100 crores a quarter now to ₹230 crores this quarter. 
Is the run rate we should be working with right now? I know there is an M&A debt, which is 
sort of carrying forward interest because that's something that I think there is a very wide 
variance on street to just get perspective on that. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
So, there is one component of borrowing. It's sitting on our balance sheet, which we raised for 
acquisition of balance stake of CaratLane. And there is a defined timeline when those bullet 
payments would happen. 
 
Until that point of time, that is going to stay currently, it is ₹60 crores - ₹65 crores in a quarter. 
The rest of it, I think, is the short-term borrowing and versus our investment. If you look at other 
income also, other income is also at a higher level in quarter. So more or less, that interest cost 
is neutralized by our liquidity management and cash management. So, we are not worried about 
that. The CaratLane piece will be out of our way in the next 2 years. 
 
And then it is the treasury management. So interest costs, the short-term borrowing costs will 
never be a hit to P&L because there will be commensurate other income. It is just part of cash 
management and peak cycle of the cycle management. And sometimes even in the inventory 
when we decide to purchase a spot gold because we see some benefit, et cetera. So that's the part 
of, I would say, surplus treasury management that interest would not be hurting P&L. The long 
term, which is about ₹60 crores - ₹65 crores at this point of time per quarter will get paid out 
over next 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JPMorgan. 
Latika Chopra: 
Two questions from my side. The first one was on your comment that the high-value studded 
jewellery has been subdued. And you've signed in with the part that I think Ajoy mentioned this 
time, the activation started a little earlier. I wanted to understand in these activations, are we 
making any specific interventions to incentivize the customers to buy more of high-value 
studded? And any early signs of any kind of feedback in customers' behaviour change towards 
this segment? That's the first question. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 17 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Ajoy Chawla: 
It's too early to comment, Latika. I don't have that kind of data in terms of how is the composition 
of growth been, etcetera. So, I can't really answer. Are we incentivizing more for high-value? 
Compared to last year, no, we are more or less in the same ballpark. Certainly, we didn't have 
too much of products in the first quarter, especially in ₹5 lakh-plus and ₹10 lakh-plus. And that 
could have also contributed a little bit to what was the comment made in the earnings 
presentation. 
 
Going forward, we have infused new collections as well as some very good inventory into high-
value studded, ₹5 lakh plus, ₹5 lakhs to ₹20 lakhs actually. So, we think there should be a good 
uptick, but very early to comment because I really don't have that level of data right now. We'll 
wait and see how it plays out. 
Latika Chopra: 
Sure, sure. The second one was on the custom duty reduction. Just trying to understand, I know 
it's been two days only, but you did talk about a better demand coming back. But do you also 
sense some bit of later demand in the year because of wedding or festivity getting a little bit 
more preponed? And also, do you think there could be a scenario where the jewellers could 
probably raise making charges a bit to kind of mitigate the impact on inventory losses because 
customers got used to a of level of high absolute making charges. when those prices are higher. 
Just trying to check if there's any thoughts there? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
I hope the latter comes true. But I really can't comment on behalf of the rest of the jewellers. We 
are not likely to do this kind of game because we are anyway at a premium vis-à-vis the market. 
So, we'll stick to what we have is what I can say. How demand will play out? Let's hope it does 
play out well because it all depends on how gold rates dynamically behave. It's not easy to predict 
what happens to gold rate, especially dollars per ounce. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
The global macro is pushing the gold rate up despite the customs which are pulling it down. And 
therefore, in a matter of just a few days, the difference has gone almost, you could say, right, or 
could go. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Park Institutional Equities. 
Tejas Shah: 
Venkat, thanks for writing the book, it was a fantastic read. First question. See, as you have been 
highlighting for a while at the regional players are expanding nationally and formalizing a lot. 
Have you become a favourite hunting ground for talent? And have we earned an unwanted 
distinction of becoming CEO factory for the sector? 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
We have had some ex some not-ex exits or joining from this. Certainly, if I look at the most 
recent entrant into this industry, it's a good lineup. If you take a photograph, it looks like a Titan 
team meet. And yes, so from a -- one of the things -- the advantages that Tanishq had for a long 
time was the whole capability leadership depth and professionalism. That is a challenge today 
because certainly, the other companies are starting to become much more professional, wanting 
to attract talent of that type, changing their profile from a typical owner-driven kind of culture 
to give freedom and opportunity. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 18 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
 
So you could also look at it from a one point of view, it's also a better thing for the industry, 
from multiple points of your customer experience, employee experience, partners will become 
more better treated and all that, while certainly raising the stakes for Tanishq to reach its next 
level of excellence. So, what Ajoy and team is doing and, in a way, forced into doing also. But 
it's a good thing. It's -- I wouldn't like to be always in a state of being where we were maybe 10 
years back. So, we are a hunting ground.  
We are losing people -- I mean we have lost some people. And on the retail side, the challenges 
are even greater from a store point of view. But the Tanishq culture is strong, the Tanishq brand, 
even for employee brand side is strong, and we need to work harder to retain people. So that's 
part of life. And it's also an evolving thing. It's not like a sudden change. So, the team is also 
used to continuously improving how we play that game on multiple fronts. 
Tejas Shah: 
Got it. And how are the recognition of this talent? Are we having homegrown talent? Or are we 
also looking for other industries or our industry to kind of that industry. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Actually, the category expertise is actually key, very important, if not crucial. And therefore, 
from other industries or even within the company from other categories and especially in certain 
functions where the depth of expertise is key. It's not that easy to replicate. 
 
But because Titan Company has got a very, very long-standing and a very deep and wide talent 
management program. We have people across the company who would have served in jewellery 
for a long time earlier and maybe now doing roles in other divisions. And therefore, at short 
notice, we can mobilize if necessary. 
 
And we also have a very robust talent transfer program within the company through which they 
can come in and pitch in or step in if it is required, but we would need a good mix of category 
experts from within and outside. And of course, some can be from outside the category from 
within or outside. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Just to add a little bit more flavour. So, if you think of retail, it is not necessary that you need 
your jewellery experts all the time. You can develop it -- though when you go to you be wedding 
or high value, you need a few experts. If you think of supply chain, you don't need think of 
marketing you don't need, but certainly, design category and specific manufacturing, some parts 
of manufacturing, sourcing also you can manage -- so it's a mixed bag. And it's a combination 
also of homegrown from within at the cadre level and then there is lateral. So, it's a combination 
of these plays. 
Tejas Shah: 
So, I just hope that you don't leave your family pitch which has worked in Titan, for Venkat, 
work for any future talent before we think on that part. 
 
So just the one which you mentioned in the book, right? Just one request again, somebody also 
highlighted earlier, if you can increase the gap between the result release and concall, we can 
have much more time to go through the accounts and have much better discussion on numbers. 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 02, 2024  
Page 19 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
Ashok Sonthalia: 
If you'll be happy to take a call at 7pm to 8pm, then maybe we can think about that. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perhaps next day then. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
Yes. Yes, taking note of it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as a last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Venkataraman for closing comments. 
C. K. Venkataraman: 
Thank you very much. It was a very useful conversation with a lot of perspectives coming from 
your side to make us think more about our future and see you next time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Titan Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
