August 08, 2024 
 LTTL/L&S/2024-25/08/13 
To, 
The Sr. General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
The Sr. General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub : 
 Announcement under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - Earnings Call - 
Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
Ref 
: 
Le Travenues Technology Limited (the “Company”) 
BSE Scrip Code: 544192 and NSE Symbol: IXIGO 
In compliance with Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on August 01, 2024, pertaining to 
the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
For Le Travenues Technology Limited 
Suresh Kumar Bhutani 
(Group General Counsel, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 

Le Travenues Technology Limited (“ixigo”)
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call
August 01, 2024
Management Representatives:
●Mr. Aloke Bajpai, Chairman, Managing Director And Group CEO
●Mr. Rajnish Kumar, Director And Group Co-CEO
●Mr. Saurabh Devendra Singh, Group CFO
Moderator:
●Mr. Rohit Thorat – Axis Capital Limited
Page 1 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ixigo Q1 FY '25 Investors Earnings
Conference Call, hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will
be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference
call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Rohit Thorat. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Rohit Thorat:
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I welcome you all to
ixigo's Q1 FY '25 earnings call. We have with us Mr. Aloke Bajpai, Chairman, Managing
Director and Group CEO, Mr. Rajnish Kumar, Director and Group Co-CEO, and Mr.
Saurabh Devendra Singh, Group CFO. Before I hand over the call to Aloke, I would like
to highlight that the Safe Harbor statement on the first slide of the earnings
presentation is assumed to be read and understood. Over to you, Aloke.
Aloke Bajpai:
Thank you, Rohit. We welcome you all to our earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal
year 2025. It has been just a month and a half since our IPO, and here we are doing
our second earnings call. Our playbook of building the best customer experience for
travellers and addressing the needs of the Next Billion User market segment continues
to drive our ability to grow faster than the overall market at the GTV level. This
quarter, we are pleased to share that the ixigo Group hit an all-time high on our gross
transaction value, our revenue from operations, contribution margin, as well as our
adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. We exceeded Rs. 2,988 crores of total gross
transaction value booked through our platform in Q1, a 27% increase year-on-year
compared to the Q1 of last fiscal year, with both trains and flight business registering a
28% increase in GTV YoY. This growth has been achieved despite a higher base effect
of last year, which was the first big post-COVID bounce back summer of April to June
2023. And some impact on travel in the early part of this quarter was due to the
general elections in India.
For the month of June 2024, we have set a new record of Rs. 1,000 crores of monthly
GTV, as well as grown our monthly transacting users during the quarter to over 2.78
million, registering a 22% increase in MTUs compared to Q1 of last year. Over 94% of
our transactions in the quarter continued to be dosed with the leg of the journey in a
tier-2, 3, 4 town.
Considering that this was a seasonally high quarter, we have maintained a double-digit
adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter, achieving a margin of 11% of our revenue from
operations, with the Q1 adjusted EBITDA coming in at over Rs. 20 crores for the first
time ever. This was achieved on the back of the operating leverage derived from the
expanded contribution margins in our business with Rs. 86.8 crores of contribution
margin coming in the quarter, up 22.4% versus last year.
India's Union Budget had outlined substantial investments in the travel sector,
particularly focused on infrastructure improvement. The announcements of three new
corridors under the PM Gati Shakti initiative is expected to enhance multimodal
Page 2 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
connectivity, benefiting both rail and road travel. This development is poised to
alleviate congestion in high traffic corridors and improve the overall passenger
experience, thereby stimulating demand for train and road travel. Notably, the
conversion of 40,000 rail coaches to Vande Bharat standards marks a significant
upgrade in rail safety and passenger comfort.
The Government's recently announced policy initiatives to enhance spiritual tourism
are a welcome move towards growing domestic tourism among our Next Billion User
segment. The Government's PRASAD Scheme led to a remarkable transformation in
Varanasi's tourism sector, and we have witnessed a 40% to 50% increase in demand
for spiritual tourism in the last one year for destinations such as Ayodhya, Varanasi,
Bodh Gaya, Tirupati among others. The focus on developing tourist corridors at
Vishnupad Temple and Mahabodhi Temple in Bodh Gaya, along with comprehensive
initiatives for tourist infra development for Rajgir, Nalanda and Odisha, will surely
open new avenues for growth.
For our trains line of business, we continue to see good momentum in growth with
16.8% growth in train passenger segments crossing 2.1 crores passenger segments
booked in the quarter, and solidifying our market leadership even further within the
trains OTA market.
Domestic aviation continues to suffer from supply side constraints, though the
situation is showing signs of marginal improvement as we speak. The domestic air
market grew just 4.5% year-on-year for Q1. However, we managed to continue on our
trajectory of beating the market space of growth. In fact, our international flights GTV
continues its strong momentum with 71% year-on-year growth during the first quarter
and helped in growing our overall flights GTV by 28% YoY for the quarter.
We continue to see a large opportunity over the longer term for our flights business
given the number of new flight bookers being added in India every year. And our right
to win in our captive user base relies on our own distribution flywheel that allows our
airline partners to tap into a unique user base of potential first-time flyers, as well as
international flyers emerging from tier-2 and 3 airports. And in India, we have seen
airports such as Patna, Lucknow and Kochi where there is a spurt in demand for
international travel towards airports in the Middle East.
In the bus market, we have grown in line with the market, with 16% growth in Q1 GTV
and 13% growth in bus passenger segments in Q1 YoY. This quarter we are expanding
geographically using our distribution strength pan-India across the group, and we have
signed up more operators for our Abhi Assured Program. We also made certain
experiments on our product and conversion funnels to optimize for better conversions
and margins. And the results are visible in the contribution margin expansion we have
seen on the bus side.
Page 3 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
However, for our strategy going forward, as we mentioned in the last call, we will shift
our focus towards growth, even if it comes at the cost of a lower contribution margin
percentage, given we see a large opportunity of growing first-time online bus bookers.
With this, I am now handing over our call to our Group Co-CEO, Rajnish, who will give
you some interesting updates on our product, technology, growth and AI initiatives.
Rajnish Kumar:
Thanks, Aloke. Indeed, it's been a pretty decent quarter for us. We had close to 80
million MAU's this quarter, a 4% increase year-on-year. Over 2.65 crore passenger
segments were booked with us during Q1 of FY '25. And we achieved an MTU to MAU
ratio of nearly 3.5% in the quarter. We are proud to share that we now have 35.7
million lifetime transacted users on our platforms.
Let me talk about some of our technology products and growth initiatives for this
quarter. But since we have already covered all of our launches till June in our last
Earnings Call, I will just focus on what we rolled out in the last 30 days. Last month, we
launched Turbo UPI, a revolutionary new way to make one-click UPI payments from
within the ixigo app without even leaving the app experience. This is an industry-first
product. Conventionally UPI involves a four to five step process where users get
redirected into the third-party payments app where they need to accept the payment,
select the bank account and enter the PIN to make purchases, and then they need to
come back to the merchant app where they need to wait for the payment status to be
updated. Now, in partnership with Razorpay, we have built a one click UPI payment
process right inside our app, which cuts the time taken to pay by half, and improves
the customer experience by reducing drop-offs and improving the success rate and
conversion rate.
In July, we also co-launched the new RuPay variant of our flagship AU-ixigo credit card
along with AU Small Finance Bank and NPCI. The card retains its existing benefits
which are 10% off on flights, buses and hotels, and zero payment gateway charges for
train bookings as well as zero Forex markup, and 16 lounge accesses per year across
railway and airports. The biggest additional benefit is that the card members can link
their RuPay credit card to their favourite UPI app and make seamless credit card
transactions using UPI. In addition, they can earn award points as well as benefit from
all the RuPay exclusive offers across brands. The card also comes with 24/7
connoisseur services and a comprehensive insurance cover of up to Rs. 2 lakhs,
including personal assistance on accident and permanent disability.
Today, I am thrilled to announce a game changing feature that will revolutionize the
way our product experience in air travel. Let me introduce ixigo Flight Tracker Pro, a
comprehensive suite of tools designed to empower travelers with real time
information and convenience on their day of travel. ixigo Flight Tracker Pro seamlessly
integrates cutting edge technology with our existing platforms to provide a smooth,
stress-free journey from check-in to baggage claim. Let me walk you through some of
its features.
Page 4 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
Flight Tracker Pro provides near pilot-grade flight status for tracking for free, giving our
users the most up-to-date information available. Detailed terminal and check-in
counter info is available in real time, eliminating the need to look up this information
on the display boards and the airport. Real time updates on boarding gate
assignments and changes, along with instant notifications on any flight delay and
status changes will keep the travellers informed every step of the way. Flight Tracker
Pro also provides baggage belt information as soon as you land, streamline the
often-frustrating process of luggage retrieval.
But what sets the Flight Tracker Pro apart is its deep integration with operating
systems. For example, in the Apple ecosystem, we are leveraging live activity and
dynamic airline features to provide a seamless user experience for iPhone users,
directly from the lock screen. So, you can access everything without even unlocking
your phone. And one last thing, you can also use the ixigo Flight Tracker Pro on your
Apple Watch.
The launch represents a significant leap forward in our mission to improve customer
experience for air travellers. We believe ixigo Flight Tracker Pro will not only drive user
engagement and retention, but also open up future opportunities to engage the
customers during and post trip, just like we do on trains.
The only way companies can win in the long term is by building the best customer
experience. And building the best customer experience requires extreme customer
obsession. And this customer obsession allows us to empathize with customer pain
areas and in turn helps us identify what problems are worth solving. The art of
innovation is not always about solving problems, but about finding the right problems
to solve at the right time. Many times, building these products and features has no
short term to midterm monetization. However, these products create extreme
customer delight, and drives word of mouth, stickiness and organic growth. Our
technology and AI capabilities allow us to solve these problems more efficiently, and
our vast distribution network allows us to swiftly deploy and scale these solutions to
millions of travellers. Now, handing over to Saurabh now to talk about our financial
highlights.
Saurabh Singh:
Thanks Rajnish. In Q1 FY '25, our gross ticketing revenue, which includes discounts,
increased by 18.2%, climbing to Rs. 218.3 crores from Rs. 184.7 crores in Q1 FY '24.
Our average transaction value per passenger segment has improved by 9%, thanks to
our ability to efficiently identify and target more affluent among the NBU users with
premium offering.
Now, as I mentioned in the previous call, we believe revenue from operations, which
excludes discount and includes other operating revenues, serves as a more accurate
indicator of our financial health. Our revenue from operations rose by 16.2%,
amounting to Rs. 181.9 crores, up from Rs. 156.6 crores in the same quarter last year.
Now, this growth highlights the diversity of our revenue stream across multiple lines of
business, including trains, bus, flights, and now hotels as well. This position us to
Page 5 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
address a broader range of customer needs and capture emerging opportunities in the
travel and hospitality sector.
Now, at the group level, the contribution margin which we define as revenue from
operation less direct expenses such as partner fees, payment gateways, performance
marketing costs and cancellation cost increased to Rs. 86.8 crores, up from Rs. 70.9
crores in Q1 FY '24. Correspondingly, the contribution margin percentage as a
proportion of revenue from operations rose from 45.3% to 47.7%. Now, as Aloke
alluded earlier, I would reiterate here that we will not shy away from letting go of
some of the contribution margin percentage in order to accelerate growth.
Now, we have continued to invest in our brand for the long-term growth of the
company through strategic branding and advertising initiatives. Now, despite these
investments, we have successfully grown our adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA,
which we define as EBITDA excluding other income and excluding ESOP cost, rose to
Rs. 20.3 crores in Q1 FY '25, up from Rs. 13.7 crores in Q1 FY '24, a growth of 47.7%
YoY. Our profit after tax, PAT for Q1 FY '25 reached to Rs. 14.9 crores compared to Rs.
8.4 crores in the previous fiscal year, reflecting a nearly 78% increase.
Now, I should highlight here that both adjusted EBITDA and net income include
one-off which I will discuss in the end.
Now, I also want to highlight that this quarter was a seasonally strong quarter and the
industry has benefited from the rebound post-COVID in the last six to eight quarters.
We continue to expect industry growth to start normalizing from this year.
Let me now talk about the three core lines of business:
Our trains continue to set along nicely. In Q1 FY '25 trains booked 2.1 crore segments,
contributing 53% to our group GTV, almost flat from Q1 '24, and about 41% of our
group contribution margin down from 45% from Q1 FY '24. The strength of our
product offering is highlighted by our continued increase in our market share in this
segment.
Our bus services continue on serene routes, and the seats are filling up fast. In Q1 '25,
the bus vertical booked 3.84 million passenger segments, generating a gross
transaction value of Rs. 376.5 crores. This represents a 13% increase in segment, and a
16% higher GTV as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The gross take
rate was almost flat at 11.09% as compared to 11.15%. The contribution margin for
the segment grew 25% year-over-year to Rs. 29.4 crores, with the contribution margin
percentage increasing to 74.3%, up from 65.4% in Q1 FY '24. In Q1 FY '25, bus
contributed 12.6% of group GTV, which was down from 13.8% in Q1 '25, though group
contribution margin share of the business increased from 33.2% to 33.9%.
Our flight bookings are taking off nicely. In Q1 FY '25, we crossed Rs. 1,000 crores of
GTV. Our contribution margin in Q1 FY '25 grew at a rate of 58% to Rs. 21.3 crores. In
Q1 '25, flights contributed 34.2% of group GTV, which was flat year-over-year, and
Page 6 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
24.6% of group contribution margin, increasing from 19.1% of group contribution
margin in the same quarter last year.
Finally, as promised, let me discuss the one-offs for the quarter. Last year, our
investment company FreshBus was a subsidiary until 13 September 2023, and
therefore in Q1 FY '24 a loss of Rs. 1.46 crores was incorporated in our EBITDA. Post
these
days, the company raised additional primary funding resulting in its
classification as an associate, due to decreased ownership. And in Q1 FY '25 our share
of loss for FreshBus accounting for Rs. 2 crores is now included in Q1 FY '25 as share of
loss of an associate which is below the EBITDA line. Now, if we adjust for the loss last
year, our adjusted EBITDA growth would be about 33%.
The tax amount was a tax credit of Rs. 0.5 crores for Q1 FY ‘24, while for Q1 FY '25
there is a tax expense of Rs. 3.17 crores due to reversal of deferred tax credit.
Additionally, there were two one-off items this time, Rs. 5.77 crores notional gains on
FreshBus, on account of their recently closed investment round, on account of
deemed sale accounting as per IndAS 28, and a one-off expense of Rs. 2 crores related
to our IPO which have been taken in Q1 this year.
As we continue on the initial phase of our journey as a public company, I would like to
conclude with a phrase from Buzz Lightyear of the film Toy Story, “To infinity and
beyond.” This phase encapsulates our ambition and commitment to continue to
ethically strive for excellence, a commitment we intend to uphold not only in quarters
like this one where we have performed well, but also during times when we face
greater challenges, and our performance might not measure up as well. With that, I
will hand it back to the moderator for questions.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
question is from the line of Divyesh Mehta from 3PIM. Please go ahead.
Divyesh Mehta:
So, when you highlighted that the flight segment on an industry level would return to
a normalized growth, can you give some more context around that?
Aloke Bajpai:
Are you talking about growth? Sorry, your line is not very audible, sir.
Divyesh Mehta:
I will try to call back.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.
Manik Taneja:
Aloke and Saurabh, I wanted to pick your brains with regards to the growth that we
are seeing on the airline side. While you alluded to the strong growth on the
international air GTV side, it will be great to get your perspective as to what is the
proportion of our overall airline GTV that we are getting from international bookings?
And how that number would have moved over the course of the last 12 to 18 months?
That's question number one.
Page 7 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
The second question was to essentially get your sense with regards to, we have seen
some of your competition push up the promotional expenses. Just want to get your
perspective as to how do you see this play out for you as well as the industry?
Aloke Bajpai:
Yes. So, we are not giving a breakup of how much of our flight GTV comes from
international. We have alluded to the growth in the earnings call. It's growing way
faster than domestic, but I think that's not just for us. But if you look at what's
happening in the overall market, domestic flights have grown only at 4.5% last quarter,
whereas international continued to grow much faster than that. But just in terms of
what is happening in the market, our sense is that we are seeing that the behavior has
been a lot more rational in the last quarter or two in terms of competition. And I think
just in terms of post-COVID normalization, I think things are now pretty much back,
both in terms of take rate and in terms of how the overall market competition
dynamics are evolving. I think things look a lot more normalized than earlier.
But my sense is that, from our perspective, we do not really worry too much about
competition at this stage, because we are very small in comparison to some of the
larger players, we are not one of the top three players on the air side. And we are
coming from a mid-single-digit market share and largely relying on our own
distribution and our own large base of customers coming from Next Billion Users,
tier-2/3 towns, and our ability to sell more flights to people coming from, let's say,
Patna, Lucknow or Kochi. And it just so happens that a lot of those flights being sold
there are international these days because there's more connectivity and also if you
look at the kind of fares that are prevalent, it is in many cases equivalent in terms of
doing a vacation in a domestic city or whether you want to fly out abroad. So, I think
we are seeing that dynamics play out. Having said that, I think we have the right to
grow faster than the market for some time to come, I mean, given both the user based
dynamics and also you know how small a market share we are coming from. Rajnish
wants to add something here. Go ahead, Rajnish.
Rajnish Kumar:
The other reason why we are going really fast is because of this customer obsession
that we have, and the ability to find customer problems and then solve them with
these meaningful products that we do, keep doing from time to time. So, the launch of
these new products on the flight bookers such as the Flight Tracker Pro which I talked
about during the call, which gives users near pilot-status tracking along with airport
terminal, check-in desk, boarding gate, baggage belt info, etc. Or the Turbo UPI, which
is the industry-first, one-click UPI checkout experience, all of these things additionally
allow us to kind of create more customer stickiness by creating customer delight and
word of mouth.
Additionally, we also built more distribution partnerships. And improve our brand
recall among some of those tier-1 customers, we are seeing some natural growth
flowing from these markets, as well, not just the Next Billion User market. What is
surprising is how much international flight has been growing for us. We talked about,
we saw 31% GTV growth quarter-on-quarter for the first quarter of this year. And
Page 8 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
some of that growth is coming surprisingly from tier-2 towns like Patna, Lucknow,
Kochi, etc. So, that's what sums it up basically.
Manik Taneja:
And if I can ask one bookkeeping question. We had announced a tie-up with PhonePe
on the air and the bus side. If you could help us understand if that's already
contributing or that proportion has already started to reflect in terms of financials this
quarter? And how should we be thinking about our distribution cost with this part of
the business? And some sense in terms of what proportion of our business would be
coming in via PhonePe currently?
Aloke Bajpai:
PhonePe, that deal has gone live in June. And I think for this particular quarter, the
impact might be just one month. And you will see the full impact coming in, in
subsequent quarters given it's just been rolled out. That has taken a few weeks to roll
out fully. Having said that, we are not in particular sharing out, like the breakup on
how much that's contributing. All we can say is that it's definitely a very interesting
distribution channel given the reach that it has in tier-2/3 towns. And also from a
branding perspective, an advertising perspective, right, there's a lot of brand
awareness creation that happens for us, especially in categories like flights and buses
where we need to continue investing in brand awareness creation. So, we are looking
at it both ways, as the distribution channel as well as an avenue for creating more
brand awareness among new customers, first time bookers through us.
Saurabh Singh:
Manik, to just add on to that, and yours is a modeling question. And as we have
hinted, what we will do is, the distribution cost comes at the contribution margin
level, and we are giving you the contribution margin. And what we are saying is the
contribution margin percent that we have right now is very high for the amount or for
the potential for growth that we have. So, if you are modeling then you will see the
contribution margin easing up a bit here. When I say the contribution margin, I mean
the contribution margin percentage easing up a bit here.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM
Capital. Please go ahead.
Anmol Garg:
Just two questions. Firstly, there has been some reduction in the take rates from the
flight side. So, I understand that there are some supply challenges which is going on,
which might be causing this. But my question is what can be sustainable or a
normalized take rate that we can expect in this business?
Aloke Bajpai:
So, Aloke here, I will take it. See, essentially during COVID, the take rates on the flight
side had gone up a lot for two reasons. I mean, one is obviously the supply side
needed more help to fill up the seats and also the average transaction value was much
lower. So, remember that take rate has a couple of components here, one is the
convenience fee, which is more or less a fixed part, and then there is a variable part
which depends on your supply side commissions, GDS fees, etc. Now as the average
transaction value expands, and in the last couple of years we have seen a lot of
expansion in the average transaction value on the flight side, therefore optically some
Page 9 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
of the take rate compression has happened. The other reason is, obviously, now the
market is back to normalization like I said, which is functioning pretty much. In fact,
it's the opposite that there's a supply side constraint in the market, and as a result of
that you see take rates reaching levels where they were pretty much in the pre-COVID
era when there were good load factors that the airlines were seeing. So, if you had to
think about where these will continue to be, I think in the overall market, expect them
to be in the 7% sort of range. But then there's a ixigo Assured element or a value
added services element on top of that which can bump it up to where it is today.
Anmol Garg:
Thanks. And just for my understanding, so the partnership of PhonePe and other
affiliates, does this impact take rate or the cost directly comes into the distribution
cost and take rate is not impacted by this?
Saurabh Singh:
So, it should not impact the take rate. It's the cost which is the distribution cost which
comes above the contribution margin line.
Anmol Garg:
And secondly on the advertisement part, so from the last quarter itself we have seen a
good increase in the advertisement expenses. Is there some seasonality over there?
Saurabh Singh:
It's not a mathematical seasonality. Remember, the business takes a call. So, there are
two kinds of advertisements, right? One would be something that you would be doing
for the long term. The other is that you would be doing more strategically when you
are seeing a demand or a peak season coming up. So, long term there won't be
seasonality, of course, we would take calls based turn where we think are the right
places to put in. But what we said is, on a year-long basis what we said is the
combination of what we call the different kind of the promotion or equivalent meals,
which is branding plus performance plus discount keep between 3% to 3.5%, we have
always maintained that as a percentage of our GTV. But in a peak season, in a stronger
quarter, you will see a bit more strategic advertisement that we will be doing it. But on
a long-term branding initiative, that will be spread out, we will see where we want to
spend our marketing, branding dollars on.
Anmol Garg:
Sure. Thanks. And congratulations, guys, on our strong quarter.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saksham Savernya from
Axis Capital. Please go ahead.
Saksham Savernya:
I just wanted to understand a little bit on the industry dynamic. You have guided that
the first quarter saw some slowdown due to the elections and rising heat. So, does
that maybe indicate towards the slowdown in air travel or travel overall?
Aloke Bajpai:
So, actually what I was saying was that there were supply side constraints because you
would have seen that several planes had been grounded because of engine troubles,
but also the new additions, at least in the first half of the year, have been rather slow. I
think we are expecting that to accelerate a bit in the second half of the year. But as a
result of that domestic passenger segments have grown only 4.5% for the overall
Page 10 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
market in the last quarter. Having said that, I think for us we managed to grow our
flight GTV at 28%, like I said. So, we have been obviously growing much, much faster
than the market. And my sense is that some of these supply side constraints will start
easing in the latter half of this financial year. And from next year onwards we could
have, again, a situation where there is enough seats to sort of go around.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the
question queue assembles. The next question is from Rohit. Please go ahead, from
Axis Capital. Please go ahead, sir.
Rohit:
Sir, I just wanted to ask, like there has been consolidation in the number of air
operators which are operating in the country. How do you see this consolidation
impacting the take rates of the company? Like, do you expect some presence due to
that? Or what's your take on it basically?
Aloke Bajpai:
That's a good question. I think largely you have two large airlines which have most of
the market today. I think if you think about how the take rate of flight business flows
for OTAs, convenience fees is a very large chunk of the overall take. So, if you think
about what is coming from the supply side or the GDS, etc., it's a relatively smaller
portion of the take rate. And that dynamic I think is the same everywhere in the
world. So, I think we are already in an environment where some of that has happened
already.
Saurabh Singh:
Rohit, if I add to what Aloke just said. Look, as a 30,000 feet view, having more
operators is always better in any industry, that's one of an industry. But what happens
is as the operators decrease, and in any industry, as the supply would get
consolidated, the differentiation to actually grow the market share in that industry
would come from the fact that how good you execute. We have shown that in trains.
And we have shown how we have grown with a limited operator around it. And
probably I will ask Rajnish to add on that journey, because it is something which we
pride ourselves with. Rajnish, can you add to that?
Rajnish Kumar:
Yes, I think I am going to talk about one more component of the take rate, which is,
value added services that we sell, I mean, starting with Assured and Flex, and maybe
more in the future. It's important to understand that that is also part of the entirety
grid that we are disclosing. And hence, if you look at just the supplier-only take rate as
a percentage of the entire take rate, it further goes down because there's a
contribution from value added services as well. So, between convenience and
value-added services, there's very little on the supplier side, direct which is there, and
so that might be something which has been declining over the years, but it's not
something that is meaningfully big when it comes to take rate that impacts us.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's
call. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Aloke Bajpai – Group CEO of
ixigo for closing comments.
Page 11 of 12

Le Travenues Technology Limited - August 01, 2024
Aloke Bajpai:
Thank you for everyone who has attended our call today. We look forward to
continuing this conversation over the next few quarters. All of you have a great day.
Thank you!
Moderator:
On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining
us. And you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 12 of 12
