 
 
 
7th August, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Wednesday, 31st July, 2024 to discuss Q1 FY25 Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
PRAKASH BHOGIBHAI 
MAKWANA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI MAKWANA 
Date: 2024.08.07 21:05:49 -07'00'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Sharma from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Sharma: 
Thank you, Rhea. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on 
the Q1 FY '25 Results Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. We 
have with us today on the call, Mr. Kamal Singal, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Mitanshu Shah, Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Prakash Makwana, Company Secretary; and Mr. 
Vikram Rajput, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
Please note that a copy of the disclosures is available on the Investors section 
of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on the Stock 
Exchanges. Please do note that anything said on this call that reflects the 
outlook towards the future, which would be construed as a forward-looking 
statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 
possesses. 
 
I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Kamal Singal for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to everyone present on 
this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss operating and financial 
performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the quarter ended 30th June '24.  
India economy continues to exhibit resilience, the government has revised the 
full-year growth estimate for FY 2023-24 upwards to 8.2%. Similarly, the 
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has raised the real GDP forecast for FY 2024-25 
to 7.2% from an earlier estimate of 7%, citing improving rural and urban 
demand buoyed by favourable monsoon forecasts, an uptick in services and the 
government’s capex thrust. The recently presented union budget aligns with 
governments overarching priorities of capex, fiscal consolidation and social 
welfare. A clear focus on job creation and skill development underscores the 
governments confidence in India sustained economic growth trajectory.  
The Union Budget 2024-25 presents a visionary approach to urban 
development, aligning with our commitment to creating sustainable and 
vibrant urban spaces. The substantial allocation of ₹11 lakh crore for 
infrastructure and improvements in water supply and waste management in 100 
large cities will enhance connectivity and urban amenities, which directly 
supports our projects aimed at developing modern, integrated communities. 
The country's ongoing mega infrastructure projects, encompassing 
transportation networks, highways, airports, and metro networks, are expected 
to support real estate growth and, in turn, create new residential nodes. These 
projects hold the potential to unlock new markets, establish satellite cities, and 
stimulate development in peripheral area. We also welcome the Budget’s focus 
on simplifying FDI regulations and promoting Rupee-based overseas 
investments. These measures are expected to attract increased NRI 
participation in the real estate sector, invigorating market dynamics and 
opening new growth avenues. Moreover, states with high stamp duty have been 
encouraged to moderate their rates, with further reductions for properties 
purchased by women. Both of these are likely to boost demand. While the 
impact of indexation is a mixed bag for an investor depending on the holding 
period, this move is unlikely to impact the end-users who sell their existing 
house and reinvest in a new house.  
The residential market has continued to strengthen, with demand reaching an 
11-year high during H1 CY2024. A notable shift toward premiumisation has 
taken root in the residential market, with higher priced homes, over Rs. 1 Crore, 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
driving market volumes. The mid and high-end categories are expected to 
remain the primary drivers of India’s residential market. 
Coming to the Operational update for the quarter. We have started the year on 
a healthy note with progress in bookings, collections and business 
development, setting a positive trajectory for the year ahead.  Q1FY25, 
Bookings improved by 49% YoY to Rs. 201 Cr. and Collections improved by 
21% to Rs. 248 Cr. During the quarter, we added a combined topline of Rs. 
410 Cr across two of our existing projects namely Forest Trails and Uplands 
2.0 & 3.0. Remainder phase of Forest Trails Sarjapur, Bengaluru will now be 
developed as a high rise project comprising a saleable area of 3.2 lakh sq ft. 
Consequently, top line potential of the project has increased by of ~Rs 205 Cr. 
We also acquired an additional 42 acres at Uplands 2.0 & 3.0, which will add 
Rs. 205 Cr to the top line of the project.  We are working on strong business 
development pipeline and look forward to add several projects to our portfolio 
in the coming quarters.  
Now, moving on from operational updates to the financial highlights. In Q1, 
we reported a revenue of Rs. 75 crore, up 11% year-on-year basis.  EBITDA 
for Q1 amounted to Rs. 8 crore. PAT for the quarter amounted to Rs.5 crore. 
Our balance sheet position remains strong despite expanding operations. Net 
debt remained negative and decreased to negative Rs. 58 crore as on June 30, 
2024, from a net debt position of negative Rs. 41 crore as on March 31, 2024. 
Our operations cycle remains strong with net operating cash flows of Rs. 97 
Cr during the quarter. We estimate an unrealized operating cash flow 
exceeding Rs 2,744 crore coming from the current pipeline of projects. 
As we continue to scale up the business, it becomes imperative that we retain 
our agility which has been a huge contributor to our success. The Company is 
engaged in the execution of 27 mn sq ft of projects with a yet to be launched 
portfolio of 46 mn sq ft. Managing this growth successfully will require us to 
think of each of these regions and also newer upcoming regions like Pune and 
Mumbai as individual P&L centres with the head office playing the role of an 
integrator and mentor to the regions. With this background, I would like to 
share a significant organizational restructuring exercise aimed at preparing our 
company for the next phase of growth. Each geographic region shall now be 
headed by a Chief Business Officer who will drive the business and P&L of 
the region. Sharvil Shah has joined us recently as Chief Business Officer - West 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
comprising Ahmedabad, and Surat. Manoj Chellani, who otherwise has been 
heading our sales function at national level, will now be heading the role of 
Chief Business Officer – South. While we are speaking on Human Capital, let 
me also introduce Mitanshu Shah, our new CFO. I am sure the company will 
benefit tremendously from Mitanshu’s extensive experience in finance. 
Looking forward, we believe the overall residential markets remain quite 
healthy given cyclically low inventory levels and healthy affordability. At 
ASL, we believe, we have reached an inflection point in the Company’s growth 
story and we are well poised operationally to capitalise on the opportunities 
being thrown up by the sector. ASL has an asset light business model with an 
optimum blend of quicker cycle horizontal projects and higher share of JDAs 
which enables faster project turnaround, robust OCF generation and higher 
return ratios. Robust cash flows, platform funding and leverage headroom 
provides significant scope for scalability in the medium to long term. From a 
FY25 perspective, the remainder of the year should witness a strong uptick in 
our overall performance with a robust launch and business development 
pipeline for the upcoming quarters. 
 
With this, I'll ask the moderator to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Kunal Ochiramani from Kitara Capital. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
A good number of bookings and collections. Just wanted to know any update 
on Mumbai front? Second, how much percentage do you see the shift in asset 
class investments from real estate to other asset class given that indexation 
benefit is gone or how this industry will function from now on? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. Thanks, Kunal. I think Mumbai, the entire team, the BD team is busy 
bringing in something concrete very soon. As we speak, we are very close to 
kind of telling you something about a decent size in Mumbai. Even if the term 
sheet, etc., is done, I think it's to be more appropriate that we announce the 
details only after the formal agreement is signed, which is still to happen. But 
yes, rest assured that something is on our way when it comes to Mumbai as a 
market. So we're definitely going to be doing something there sooner than later. 
 
Coming to the second question about shift from real estate as an asset class to 
another asset class, I think this discussion on indexation, etc. possibly is 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
something which is quite a balanced thing. It has positives, it has negatives. 
And obviously, an individual gets impacted only based on the holding period 
of an asset. Five to six years, it should not impact really for a person who invest 
afresh. In any case, a very significant component of overall investment is based 
on sales of old house and then purchase of new house to avoid taxes, etc., from 
profits arising from the sales of old houses. 
 
So in that context, I don't see any significant shift or negative coming out of 
this whole thing in the short and medium term. If at all, this will balance out. 
Commonsensically speaking, and generally, the sense that I get personally is 
that when a person invests in real estate, and for that matter for any other asset 
class, more so in real estate, being a medium to long-term investment, people 
are not really taking this call depending upon whether the tax rates are X or Y 
if that is not too much of an issue. 
 
Now five to six years being neutral, maybe even the seventh year being very, 
very neutral, I think this is a marginal call and it should not become a very, 
very significant catalyst in deciding whether or not to do real estate. To that 
extent, I'm okay with this. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Understood, sir. Sir, one more last question is that, as when anybody sees the 
Arvind SmartSpaces as a company, we have visibility for next three years of 
pipeline and how much collections we'll get. As you said, INR2,744 crores of 
unrealized cash flow that company has.  
In a long-term perspective, say, seven to eight years, do you think the run rate 
of the company and what cash flows company is generating or bookings what 
company is getting, can you give a broader perspective? Will it be the same as 
last three years where or how will it be? Will it be 5% less growth or will it run 
at the run rate till FY'30? Objectively looking at the company, nobody gets a 
further view of the company. So just wanted to understand how will next 6 to 
10 years be? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure, Kunal. So if you were to bifurcate your question to medium term and 
long term, we are right now in the middle of executing our investment cycle, 
which includes raising of debt, which obviously is negative right now. Very, 
very strong cash inflows for the last two years almost. Last to last year and first 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
quarter of this year, we've generated INR 730 crores thereabouts of total cash 
flows being thrown by business into investments. 
 
So it's a healthy sort of internal accrual source as well. So internal accruals, 
raising of debt which is negative today to a very, very reasonable extent and 
also the HDFC platform, this takes care of our one to two years of kind of 
appetite for investments in that sense. Going longer, we will rather look at the 
whole growth trajectory in terms of what have we achieved in the previous 
years and what do we want to do in the coming few years. We have been 
growing in all our major parameters to the extent of 30%, 35%. 
 
Most of the time, it is more than 30%, but if you were to put a range of, say, 
25% to 35%, we should land somewhere there in the long term as well. So we 
are putting all the blocks in place to ensure from a capital point of view, from 
pipeline creation point of view, etc., that this growth trajectory remains in the 
same way. And accordingly, we can expect that the company will continue to 
show operationally this kind of growth, between 25%, 35% over the next few 
years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Srivastava from B&K Securities. 
Amit Srivastava: 
So sir, just wanted -- first question was on a clarification on the NH 47 project 
where we have done the private placement to land partners itself. So if you can 
give an idea that what was the deal as well as when we are going to launch this 
project in this quarter itself? So what would be the size of this project in first 
phase in that sense? And for product profile, ticket size, if you can give an idea 
there? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So this project, which essentially is located at a village called 
Kalyangarh, is one of the most ambitious projects that we've undertaken. This 
comprises almost in excess of 850-odd bighas, which is 500 acres thereabouts. 
It is one of the most sustainable projects in our portfolio till date with a huge 
water body being created to have water collected during rainy season, etc., 
which is sufficient for most of the year for the residents and the landscaping 
and other requirements. This is based on a very, very deep hydrological study 
that we've carried out for the first time in any of our projects, which takes care 
of the water balancing thing, how much water do we need, where can it come 
from, what is the runoff of water going from the land, etc. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
 
On the other side, it has some very, very exciting products, some very, very 
state-of-the-art villas, the best class architects are working even on this, 
etcetera. So it's one of the most ambitious and I mean, personally speaking, 
very, very exciting project that we are taking over. Being such a large one, we 
thought we'll do some test marketing here through some of our bigger channel 
partners. We've done that, and we kind of sold INR100-odd crores of inventory 
to figure out which class of -- I mean, when you're speaking of 500 acres, it's 
better to get a sense of what is actually better on ground as compared to what 
our assumptions were. 
 
And it can be done in a closer circuit with people who have been working with 
us for a very long time, and that's what we did. The test market that we did, did 
very, very good. In fact, most of the parameters that we had assumed for the 
project turned out to be very, very right, in the right direction. And if there's a 
5%, 10% fine-tuning to be done in product mix, sizing, etcetera, that's what we 
are doing right now. So all the blocks are being put in place for the launch of 
this project in the coming quarters, next quarter, and that's what it is. So very 
excited about this project. This test market has gone off very, very well. And 
we are fine-tuning everything, preparing everything, and this should be one of 
our biggest launch this year. 
Amit Srivastava: 
What will be the price, sir, in the first phase? 
Kamal Singal: 
So we'll launch may be INR500-odd crores of inventory when we launch this 
in the market formally. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. Sir, second question is on the -- in terms of the Sarjapur project. After 
the initial success in the project, the project is going slightly slower what it 
seems. Again, we have added incremental area into that project, which is more 
on a high-rise. So if I can I just wanted to understand the thought process that 
is it the demand of product profile is changing that we are going from the villas 
to the high-rise? What is happening in that project that momentum is not 
picking up when the market of Bangalore is doing it so well? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So as you may rightly said, this project is not doing as yet as we've been 
doing in other projects in terms of sales velocities. But having said that, it's a 
JD project. And the cash flows otherwise, in totality for us as developers is 
very, very healthy. Construction is in full swing. The product in our 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
understanding and the understanding of the customers who have bought into 
it, is absolutely great. I think as the project is taking shape and people are seeing 
what exactly is coming up and a few of the other things that are coming up in 
the project within the boundary of the project as well, is creating some sort of 
momentum now and it should only improve from here onwards. 
 
That's one part of it. As such, there are healthy cash flows and construction 
funding, etc., is not required from outside sources, and this is a self-sustaining 
project, which always is our first target to achieve in any deal. To that extent, 
we are quite satisfied in it. But obviously, there is a scope to improve this. We 
have been doing far better in other projects than what this project also is doing. 
And hence, we are all the time continuously elevating ways and means to 
improve from where we are on this project and projects like this. 
 
We are confident that once this project takes shape, it's one of the finest 
products in the region. And the way we price it, the way we are building it, it 
should be a hit ultimately. We've seen some of the projects which has been 
slow initially. But then once they clicking, they really do click. I mean, for the 
information of you who have been tracking us for a long time. Uplands, for 
example, which turns out to be one of the finest, one of the most profitable cash 
generating projects, initially for the first couple of years was pretty slow to take 
off. But once it did, it really did well. So that is then we are happy. 
 
Now in one of the portion of the land that comes under the JD, we have finally 
taken a call and that was the call we kept pending and that's why we didn't 
launch also, this one phase. It's not a big one, maybe 2 to 3 acres of land within 
the 19 acres' overall project. We always thought that this location could be 
useful for assisted living kind of a project and product. We evaluated that in 
great detail and taken a call that it will be appropriate for us to do an FSI 
oriented project there, high-rise project there, primarily targeting this segment 
of assisted living, etc. 
 
So that's what we are doing. And this will be our first in Bangalore. And we 
are busy right now designing this project, etc. So this is not any significant 
change in what we had thought otherwise. But yes, I mean, today is the day 
that we are taking a call that we'll go with the high-rise project in this remaining 
portion of the land in the same project. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Amit Srivastava: 
Just on addition to this, basically, in terms of the demand profile, have you seen 
any shift from the premium project, luxury project to the villas to shifting in 
any of the product which is like affordable or any vice versa which is 
happening into the market? Or is it similar to the last year? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, no significant change. If at all affordable, I don't see much of action 
happening there, especially in the market like Bangalore. So it's all about 
higher mid and a little higher than higher mid. That is a segment. So INR1 
crore plus and maybe below INR2 crores is the most important segment. For 
us, because we are selling a lot of horizontal projects in the form of plotting, 
etc., there, the sweet spot remains at 75 lakhs -- rather INR60 lakhs to INR1.2 
crores, INR1.3 crores, that exactly remains the same, we have been selling very 
consistently throughout our portfolio. 
 
In fact, there are a couple of launches which are planned this year as well in 
the form of new phases of existing projects or otherwise. And broadly, the 
market is still doing very well. And hopefully, this remains the same way. 
There are no reason -- we don't see any shift happening there in that sense. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Sir, last on our Surat project, sir, what is the status? When we are thinking of 
launching that project? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Surat is under design, designs are almost getting finalized. Approval 
processes have started already in the right earnest. So it's progressing. We are 
hoping that within this year, we'll be able to launch this project. Things are 
moving as per plan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So first question is on our launch pipeline. 
So if you could highlight key projects, which we are targeting to launch this 
year? And where are we as far as the approvals are concerned? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So mostly, we have Kalyangarh, which is one of the biggest as we said. 
We also talked about Surat already, which again is one of the biggest projects 
that gets launched this year. We have a comparatively big launch in Bangalore 
on high-rise side, which is Bannerghatta Road. So these 3 are the greenfield 
new big projects. Apart from that, there are quite a few new phases coming up 
of the existing projects, which includes Greatlands, Orchards, Uplands 2.0 & 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
3.0. So all that put together is quite a busy schedule when it comes to new 
launches this year. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. And sir, any sense, I mean, would it be skewed towards the second half 
or we'll see it phasing out evenly throughout the year? 
Kamal Singal: 
I think this year, again, is a year which is generally skewed towards second 
half, the way we signed up, the way we acquired, the way we started approval, 
etc. Most of the action will start happening and hitting the ground from second 
half of this year onwards. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure, sure, sure. Sir, second question is on our BD. We've been indicating 
closer to INR5,000-odd crores plus of BD. And so just wanted a sense where 
are we on that? So as you highlighted, Mumbai is one. So in case if you could 
assign a number and how much Mumbai could be in terms of BD? And how 
are we placed in terms of that achieving that INR5,000-odd crores? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, INR5,000 - INR5,500 crores, we are absolutely, at this point, confident that 
we should be able to achieve. There are reasons to believe that there should be 
a number which is not out of our reach at all. We should be almost there. 
INR5,500 crores for the year is not something that we should be worrying 
about and all the blocks are in place for that. And Mumbai will be part of that. 
And definitely, 1 or 2 projects should come our way very soon. But INR5,500 
crores, absolutely no worries on that. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure, sure. Sir, 2 last questions. One, in terms of the HDFC platform, the 
second platform. So how much have been utilized till now? And how much is 
pending? 
Kamal Singal: 
Well, let me get numbers if they are existing right now. Mitanshu, if you could 
just get those numbers, please, for me. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes, yes. So we've utilized around INR150-odd crores and the committed 
funds are around INR300-odd crores of the total platform, of INR 600 crore. 
Kamal Singal: 
So right now, the draw is quite low. But in terms of commitment in the existing 
pipeline, it is very healthy, more like a INR300 crores, but I'd rather suggest 
that after the call offline, if you could connect with the team, to get a properly 
dissected, bisected numbers on this because outstanding is one issue, which is 
a dynamic number. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
 
Commitment is another number, which is for the projects which have already 
frozen and commitments taken. But full payments have not been released 
depending on the payment terms, etc. And the third is something which is still 
underutilized. So we'll give you a proper breakup of all these 3 components 
offline, and you can connect with Vikram or Mitanshu after this call. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. Perfect. I'll do that, sure. And sir, lastly, on the P&L side, I understand 
it's a quarterly phenomenon, but this quarter, especially on the margin front, 
it's on a lower side. So are we confident of maintaining that throughout the full 
year? Or are there any one-off during this quarter? 
Kamal Singal: 
So great point. Obviously, this quarter is low on margins and profitability in 
terms of EBITDA margins, PAT margins, etc. Now the answer to that is 
twofold: one is that it's a quarter where the booking values as compared to what 
the budget was is quite low just about INR70 crores, INR80 crores and most 
of the costs are periodical costs. Somewhere we are paying for growth, we are 
paying for the enhanced activity levels for all the launches etc and the way 
accounting standard works is that irrespective what you booked as top line 
which is a function of what you deliver the current expenses on the entire 
pipeline including the new launches etc comes within the same amount of 
period.  
So the moment you say you booked less than what you should have idly done 
or in proportion to what you should have done the margins come under 
pressure. But the other side is that for the year as a whole once we catch up on 
the top line booking we should get evened out. There are no worries or 
unexpected things which have happened to the margins per se. And for the year 
as a whole, for example, Belair has to get into the books of account. This should 
happen in this quarter, for example, the numbers now suddenly increase. So 
this variability will remain, but generally we are on track on margins per se so 
no worries on that. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Great. Sure. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from 
Sunidhi Securities & Finance Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Yes. So congratulations on very excellent booking and collections and as well 
as operating performance. So my question is that I mean out of unsold 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
inventory we have close to INR600 crores to INR700 crores revenue potential. 
So in terms of launches we have said that NH47 will come in Q2. And just 
about whatever the launch pipeline you had in the next 8 months, so what could 
be the overall sales booking target for FY '25 like? 
Kamal Singal: 
As you very rightly pointed out we are not a land banking company. So we will 
always continue to get lands and at the quickest possible time go to the market, 
hit the market and start selling it and liquidate the stocks at the earliest possible, 
create free cash flows and invest further. So that's what we were doing in the 
last 3, 4 years and we sell really fast. We don't keep a lot of land with us, etc. 
 
So to that extent the unsold inventory values are low and we rely heavily on 
the fresh launch. This has been happening for the last 2 years in any case and 
that's how the business model is evolving. Of course, as we mature as the 
pipeline goes bigger and bigger to some extent this might change. But broadly 
speaking, if we're not land banking, then it's about fresh launches, acquisition 
of fresh pipeline etc which will remain important in our portfolio.  
This year we think that if you were to book fresh X amount of money two-third 
of that should come from fresh launches and one-third of the total sales should 
come from sustenance and that's what we are doing and that is on track in that 
sense. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So in that case would you be able to achieve INR1,400 crores kind of number 
against INR1,100 crores last year we did? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. I mean we had some INR1,100 crores of sales last year and growing by 
30% mean INR1,400 crores, INR1,500 crores which is the number. And we 
are on track for sure, the kind of launches which are there, the pipeline of 
launches and also the sustenance projects which are on hand I think this number 
is -- we are on track to achieve those numbers at this point. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
In terms of HDFC platform utilization, can you repeat the numbers how much 
we have already utilized? 
Kamal Singal: 
We'll give these numbers, we will separate these numbers to all of you off-line, 
fine-tuning between these three, four categories that I just talked about a little 
while back, but we will give you those numbers off-line. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. But I mean this year because of the BD plans we have kind of INR5,000 
crores we are going to create I think there will be substantial portion to be 
utilized if we add two, three projects from HDFC side?. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, very right. As you said very rightly there are three sources. One is the 
internal accruals. For example in first quarter we generated INR100-odd crores 
although this year is a construction heavy year because we are doing a lot of 
construction on the projects that we launched last year which gave us very 
healthy cash flows and the inflows were very healthy on that account, but this 
year is also a year where not only launches are heavy like the last year, it's also 
about doing a lot of construction for the sales that we did last year. So that's 
one. 
 
But in any case there will be healthy cash flows coming still. Second is the 
HDFC platform. And because the company is zero debt negative debt INR50-
plus crores, possibly we can raise to the extent of INR300 crores to INR400 
crores easily well within the conservative limits and significantly below debt 
equity of one etc. So these three give us almost in the region of INR700 crores, 
INR800 crores to be invested for the year.  
INR700 crores to INR800 crores to be invested within this year which is 
exactly the target should give us a INR5,000 or INR5,500 crores of top line. 
Assuming that all of that or broadly most of that is going to be outright basis 
projects. On top of that there is always a possibility to get into few JDs and that 
should improve this ratio further, but conservatively speaking with an 
investment plan of this size to achieve a top line of INR5,000 crores to 
INR5,500 crores is looking pretty decent and achievable. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And lastly in the Mumbai market as you indicated so what will be the nature 
of projects whether it will be JDA or some society redevelopment? 
Kamal Singal: 
So we are generally exploring all the three options. Being a new market we 
will obviously prefer to remain asset light there. So general preference will go 
towards society development, redevelopment or JDA, etc, but otherwise in 
terms of exploring options we are open to all the three which is society 
redevelopment, JDs and outright purchase. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay sir. Thank you. All the best.  

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from OneUp 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Good afternoon sir and congratulations on a consistent performance since the 
last few years. Sir, most of the questions have been answered. Sir, my question 
is relating to ROC and ROE of the company. Since we have been mentioning 
that P&L is not the correct metric to measure the profitability. How does one 
look at the ROC and ROE of our company where the capital employed is about 
INR500 crores as of March and we are generating healthy cash flow, but 
because of the P&L accounting standards it is difficult to look at ROC and 
ROE. So directionally if you can guide us how to look at these two numbers 
then it can be helpful for us? 
Kamal Singal: 
I think you already hit the nail on the head when you said the real estate 
industry ROC, ROE, etc are a bit delayed to catch up on the actual business 
performance because of the accounting standard. We report what we did three 
years back in terms of sales and profitability while the real business is 
happening on a run-time basis which is today, yesterday and the last quarter. 
So that's how it works.  
In that context, all of you are well aware that our current performance in terms 
of what is happening to the pipeline, what is getting added to that, what is the 
fresh sales, how the cash generation things happening, what is the operating 
level of efficiency happening, etc is more important generally speaking than 
the profit and loss appearing in the books of account as we see them for a 
respective quarter. 
 
So that's all of us are well aware of that, but having said that I think this quarter 
our ROC if I can read the chart right is to the extent of 16%-odd which is also 
one of the highest in the industry. Mitanshu would like to say something about 
this one? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
So basically if you look at -- I mean this should not be looked at quarter-on-
quarter. This should be largely looked like companies which have done more 
sustainable business over the last half-a-decade or so. And if we put Arvind 
SmartSpaces their vis-a-vis the competition, I mean, we have been up from the 
chart actually with between 15% to 20% kind of ROCs actually. Industry has 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
been somewhere around 10-percentage-odd actually. And we'll continue this 
performance going ahead. 
Kamal Singal: 
So currently, ROC of 15% to 20% is the range that we are talking about here, 
I mean more like 15%, 16%, 17% and thereabouts. But yes, of course, you can 
vary between 15% to 20%. This is what we read from the past data and the 
current situation that we are talking about. Of course, future goals itself a little 
hidden. But yes, this is where we are on this. But you rightly said, there are 
other parameters which are even more involved than ROC per se to read as a 
stand-alone number for our industry. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Right. Sir, and 1 more question on the NH 47 project. We have mentioned in 
the presentation that we have done about INR95 crores private placement to a 
channel partner. So this will be sold by the channel partner or this will be sold 
by us? How does this part work? 
Kamal Singal: 
When we say channel partner private placement, this is something that we have 
been doing consistently for some very large projects. So if the project size is 
too big. So if you are suppose to sell ultimately 3,000 to 4,000 kind of units in 
a project, then you want to do 200, 300 units of pilot run. And that you do only 
through a limited set of people who work with you consistently. 
 
Now based on the actual bookings done by these people. This is not sold to the 
partners per se. This is booking done by your close network partners, they go 
out and they don't say that this is a launch, launch per se because we are not 
telling this to the public in general sense. We don't want to take the fizz out of 
the whole thing in that sense. But still want to test market through, say, 400, 
500 people or customers that generally are interested in us through these 
partners. 
 
So that's what we have done. This is essentially to validate the product, the 
size, the price and the interest. That's what we did. And it turns out that most 
of the boxes that we wanted to check have been checked through this test sale. 
This is actual sales done to end consumers. But the partners are very selected. 
Partners are a limited set. And the word has not gone out really in that sense to 
all the consumers and customers for this project in a limited way in that sense. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
So this is like an exclusive kind of... 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Correct. Exclusive but sold to the end consumers, advances received that kind 
of a situation that we have. We know the customers, the customers have been 
booked -- I mean all formalities are done, money received, checks received and 
those customers are customers already. As far as they are concerned, as far as 
our systems are concerned, this is already sold and a specific names and 
everything has been recorded as buyer-seller. So It's proper sales in that sense, 
from process point of view. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, just what would be the ticket size like the starting ticket 
size in NH 47? And how many units would there be over the INR1,500 crores 
GDV? 
Kamal Singal: 
Generally, we'll disclose this during the launch. But it has several products. 
There are low-end products in terms of pricing. The entire project is absolutely 
premium and luxury and stuff like that, but there are small products available. 
Those smaller products will be more like INR50 lakhs, INR60 lakhs onwards. 
But these are very small things within the product that we're talking about, and 
there will be premium, there'll be ultra-premium. 
 
For example, there'll be villas, which will be called water villas on the edge of 
a huge lake that we're creating, so those could be exorbitantly expensive. But 
yes, when it comes to the smallest ones, possibly INR50 lakhs, INR60 lakhs, 
INR70 lakhs thereabout to start with. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Got it. And sir, just 1 last question. We maintained the launch guidance for 
INR2,500 crores in current fiscal year, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, correct.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prem Khuranafrom Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations for good set of numbers this quarter on 
operations side. I mean, I understand P&L tends to be lumpy. Sir, my question 
was with respect to the organizational restructuring that you spoke about in 
your opening remarks and I'll try and understand this a little better, I mean, in 
terms of how the decision making work? Because I mean, as I understand, real 
estate, I mean, it's more about capital allocation, right. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
 
So now you have 2 CBOs, one for South and one for West and -- I mean it's 
not a problem with us as of now because our balance sheet is very, very clean 
and we have means to kind of augment our resources even further. But 
ultimately, eventually, there will be a push -- pull from both the CBOs to kind 
of get them or allocate them the maximum possible number, right, because they 
would want to deliver as much as possible in their regions. 
 
So how is the decision-making work? I mean, if you get to have similar sort of 
opportunities in terms of guardrails, in terms of thresholds, would you 
predefine what would go to South and what would go to West or I mean that 
will be done on a case-to-case basis? And also, I mean, when I look at our 
management profile, I mean, we have Mr. Saurabh Agarwal as Head of 
Business Development, which is the HO profile. So how are the BD work? I 
mean, the deals be sourced by Sharvil's or Manoj's team or Mr. Saurabh would 
still be able to go and do it on his own? 
Kamal Singal: 
Great question. Obviously, when you are dividing the business into different 
geographical regions, there will be competition between the regions, at least 
for the resource, which is the most case one out of all, which is money. That's 
what happens in any case. So even before we did this reorganization at the 
senior management level, essentially, the regions are working in any case and 
there were people and teams working, respectively, for their respective regions. 
 
So there was a team, there always has been a team which is active in Bangalore, 
there has always been a team which is active in Ahmedabad. And obviously, 
there is a focused team working in Pune and Mumbai put together for a longest 
time now. So to that extent, this competition always has been existing. It's only 
that we are putting a little bit more clarity into the whole organization structure 
aimed at mainly to be more responsive, critical decision-making. 
 
And at the same time, the most critical ones, the end-end selection, the 
finalization of our project irrespective of the region, etc., that call is taken 
centrally. The regions will pitch. They pitch, they explain and we do 
everything. But end of the day, the final call happens at head office. This is one 
area where our lens is possibly much more finer than the average industry lens 
that is normally applied. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
 
God has been kind in properly sole the systems and process are working where 
every single project of ours till date has hit the market has sold well and there 
are no stuck ups, etc.. I think this is a very conscious effort apart from being 
lucky. But that's possibly one thing that we will continue to do it. Head office 
will remain absolutely involved and they will take the final owners call and 
kind of responsibility for doing or not doing a project. But region, obviously, 
for healthy reasons, should compete and they will continue to compete. 
You also said specifically about the organizational structure. I think this 
organizational structure is something which is, again, a matrix structure, which 
you see in most of the companies, where while business heads for the region 
are responsible for P&L, etcetera, but they have to compete for resources. And 
there is a head office team, which works to scrutinize everything, every 
recommendation and finally taking a view. So sort of remains at the helm of 
everything when it comes to taking the final call from head office point of view 
in that sense. So nothing changes really on ground. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And sir, second question was on Pune. We have spent some time now, I 
mean, as I see it, we've delivered some inventory in Elan this quarter, which 
essentially completed 1 cycle in terms of scouting for a land parcel acquiring 
getting the project up and running and delivery. So that 1 cycle is already done 
with possible share your thoughts on Pune now in terms of our learnings and 
how do you see this market will scale up in the future? Because the 1 cycle and 
the pilot project is almost there now for you to get some full learnings from. 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So we see Maharashtra as a market, which for us means Pune and 
Mumbai, MMR, so to say. And as you very rightly said, we have kind of wetted 
our feet in this market through Pune project a small 120-odd apartment, 
INR100-plus crores of top line potential, etc. So that's done really. Project has 
come out very nice. We are happy about what we've achieved in terms of 
quality, etc. And it has obviously given us a lot of insights into the regulatory 
environment the cost environment, the operating environment, etc. 
 
And this gives us confidence that we can now take a next step. If you are 
treating Pune, Mumbai as 1 market, I think we are very close to taking the next 
step in terms of investing bigger and creating a portfolio which is meaningful 
for us. We have been a little slow in that sense -- in any horizontal market so 
to say. And that's what the strategy has been that we need to really significantly 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
-- we really need to understand nuances deeper and deeper before we invest 
anything substantial. But I think we've crossed the bridge in this market. And 
in the coming quarters, you will see a decent kind of action and stuff has been 
there. 
 
And Pune and Mumbai put together, it should become meaningful in our 
portfolio in the next 1 or 2 years. As we have been speaking even in the last 
call, we discussed that long term, we want to see -- at least medium term rather, 
we want to see a 40-40-20 split; 40 South, 40 West, 20-odd percent coming 
from Pune and MMR. And in the long term can change and evolve even 
further. But today, we are saying that in medium term, it should be 40-40-20 
or thereabouts between these 3 markets. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And 1 last question, if I may get your permission, for Mitanshu sir. This 
quarter we spent some INR60-odd crores for land acquisition. I mean, fair 
volume this would be for the additional area that we've acquired at Amod, I 
mean, Upland 2.0 & 3.0 the 42 acres of area? Or these are payments for the old 
acquisitions? 
Kamal Singal: 
So the INR60 crores will comprise of several things actually. As you very 
rightly said, this additional INR42 crores is one of the major components but 
there are other additions as well which have happened during this quarter. We 
would have advanced a little more on other acquisitions. But yes, this is one of 
the major ones the 42-acre addition, which has come about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Eesha Shah from Axis 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Eesha Shah: 
I think most of my questions are answered. I just wanted to understand for your 
Mumbai project portfolio, do we see the upcoming launches in the Central 
Mumbai area? Or are we seeing the outskirts of Mumbai as well, which would 
be the Thane-Ulwe area where the new airports are launching? 
Kamal Singal: 
So I think in the last few calls, we made quite apparent that we are not trying 
to target to start with at least anything which is like a INR1 lakh per square feet 
or even a INR50,000, INR60,000 per square feet kind of a thing. So we're not 
really targeting Central Mumbai at all. We'll rather be focused on a INR15,000, 
INR20,000, INR25,000 kind of peripheral market. That's what our focus has 
been. And we think that this is a market where the pie is big and we could 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
really differentiate ourselves and create that value that we aspire to do. That is 
one part of it. The other part is going even further into the peripheries and do 
something horizontal. 
 
Mumbai has a huge potential and requirement and aspirations and capabilities 
and willingness to buy horizontal for a weekend, for leisure, for recreation 
those kind of things. And I think very broadly underserved market like this 
with so much of money being there. So these are clearly 2 focus areas: outskirts 
for weekends and peripherals, INR15,000 to INR25,000 kind of markets, more 
like a Mulund or areas around it, etc., Thane, Upper Thane those kind of things. 
But definitely not focused on Central Mumbai ultra expense, INR1 lakh-plus, 
INR70,000, INR80,000 plus kind of peripheral products. 
Eesha Shah: 
Okay. So -- it will be land ownership, right? The weekend projects that you're 
talking about, that would be land ownership or those will also be in the JV 
redevelopment DM likes? 
Kamal Singal: 
So we're open to all. I mean we are open to JD as we just discussed a little 
while back. JDs are quite okay. Redevelopment is quite okay. Society, we are 
not talking about slum here. We're talking only about private society 
development. And JD of course remain relevant. Asset light is one of our 
important part of financial strategy. So we'll prefer JDs and society 
developments a little more than outright purchase in Mumbai, which is a little 
more capital heavy on land purchases. But nevertheless, we are open to all the 
3 and we work on all the 3 parallelly. 
Eesha Shah: 
Okay. So we'll see a similar kind of margins for these projects as well, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, of course. I mean margin-wise, I mean, we know that horizontal margins 
are a little different from the built-up margins. Of course, then the capital 
intensity also goes down and up accordingly. The product mix has its own 
dynamics and pretty understandably in that. So then we are targeting similar 
margins in each of the respective categories for this market as well as we keep 
doing it for Bangalore, for example. Bangalore we have verticals, we have 
horizontals, we have JDs, we have outright. So between these 4, 5 blocks, the 
message is clearly understandable in terms of where the margin should be and 
that's what exactly is something that we are targeting for the market of 
Mumbai. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Eesha Shah: 
Okay. And the last thing is for our future project mix, like, say, for example, 
4, 5 years down the line, what are the kind of launches? Do we see more 
towards Mumbai and Pune market? Or will the same ratio continue more 
towards the Ahmedabad and Bangalore and a little bit towards the Pune, 
Mumbai market? 
Kamal Singal: 
So right now, we are more like 50-50 between Ahmedabad and Bangalore. I 
mean, sometimes Ahmedabad will be 60 and Bangalore will be 40; and 
sometimes will be the other way around. We've just started doing a few things 
in Pune and Mumbai should just start now. But as I just said a little while back, 
medium term, we are targeting a broad categorization of 40-40-20, 40% each 
coming from Bangalore and Ahmedabad and 20% thereabouts coming from 
Mumbai, Mumbai and Pune together. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Jain, who is a retail 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Amit Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. So, sir, currently, we have 15 projects which are 
ongoing, 14 more are to be launched plus we will do some BD this year 6 to 7. 
So that effectively becomes 37, 40 odd projects. How many projects can be 
handled at a time? What's our capability like? 
Kamal Singal: 
So I mean we'll rather read the capability and capacity in terms of number of 
handling projects more like when and how much do we invest in building these 
capacities and teams. We have been consistent about investing upfront in our 
teams and human capital. We are ahead of our time. So if we want to sell 
INR1400 crores, INR1500 crores this year, we know what it means in terms of 
the pipeline required, the BD effort, the launch effort, the sales effort and the 
execution effect, et cetera and accordingly build. So today, possibly, we will 
rather be preparing ourselves for a INR2,000 crores sales and other things 
falling in line accordingly, et cetera. 
 
So we've been investing upfront. You would have seen quite a few changes, 
Mitanshu has just joined. He is the most senior person in our industry coming 
from Alembic. You would have seen Avinash 3, 4 years back. So the whole 
team is being created keeping at least 3 years ahead from where we are today 
and that's how we invest. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
 
And you will see that this basically has been taken care in terms of creating 
those capacities and capabilities within this. So we are investing upfront, a very 
clear focus area. 
 
We know that it's not only about acquiring projects, it's more about executing 
them. We have a fantastic execution record till date, but it doesn't give us any 
comfort to say that because we've done it in the past, the same can be done in 
future. A INR1,000 crores execution is orbitally different from a INR2,000 
crores, and INR2,000 crores is orbitally different from a INR5,000 crores. 
 
And each of these orbits require a very different kind of response to the 
environment and the challenges that it poses, especially for execution and that's 
what we absolutely recognize. Building team is the most important 
management KRA, and we are busy doing it. We're investing upfront, and we'll 
continue to do that. 
Amit Jain: 
Sir, my second question is very project specific. So I was going through the 
slide and in slide, I could see that a few of the projects which have been 
completed for some time now, they are still unsold like Aavishkaar, around 
22% of the inventory is unsold Megaestate, 57%. So what's our learning out of 
this? And how are we planning to sell off this whatever inventory we have and 
what are the timelines? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, there will be a few projects. The entire inventory itself in our portfolio is 
not more than some INR600-odd crores left to be sold. And this little held-up 
inventory will be maybe 10% of that value, maybe INR60 crores, INR70 crores 
in total in the entire system, putting all these projects in 1 block. 10% 
percentages look high, but the values specifically are not very alarming. But 
having said that, we need to liquidate. There's no point in blocking this cash 
unnecessarily. 
 
But in a business like Real Estate, if there's a project which holds up inventory 
for some little extra time, that's the reality of the situation. But as management, 
we obviously want to get rid of such inventory, we're taking steps to do that. 
In the overall context, and the proportion of the stock-up inventory, I think 
there is reasons to believe that it's quite reasonable well within our control. And 
whatever is this left over, I think we should be cleaning this off. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question for today is from the line of Akshay Kothari from 
JHP. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, my question is more concerned with the strategy. So generally, Real Estate 
works in cycles and if we don't diversify, but there are certain companies who 
have actually diversified and made it more of a structural sort of things like 
annuity-based businesses. So if I take an example of Oberoi, it goes more in 
depth rather than going in breadth. So just wanted to know, since in 
Ahmedabad, we have a considerable standing and good name, are we looking 
to move for commercial projects, malls sort of projects wherein the annuity is 
much more structural rather than cyclical? 
Kamal Singal: 
So it's a great question, especially from an investor standpoint, annuity-based 
portfolio does give a little more stability and visibility. But we have been 
consistently sort of discussing the fact that company remains very clearly 
focused on residential market, at least in the short, medium and longer term at 
this point. 
 
This has many reasons, and it's a very thought-through kind of strategy this 
season. This has a lot to do with the cash cycles, the funds availability, the 
turnaround times and the expectation of growth and expectation of 
reinvestments from monies coming into the business from what we earn from 
the previous projects, given the lifecycle that we are in, given the situation that 
we are in, given the aspirations that we have in terms of growth and creating 
value for the shareholders, etc. 
 
I think it's prudent to for us to utilize the scarce resource, which is funds or the 
money in the most optimal way. We think that at this stage at least, it's 
important to generate cash. It's important to invest faster and re-invest the same 
money at an IRR more like 20%, 25% rather than trying to have short-term 
cash flows, it will be significantly less in a yield-based business. 
 
So while this importance of yield-based asset class is absolutely understood, it 
has its own merits. But I think our company will remain focused at least in the 
medium term on creating values by investing in products and projects which 
are more cash flow oriented, which gives us faster cash and can be invested 
and same can be invested at higher IRR than a yield-based business. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
 
Of course, this is a strategy, and this is trajectory we've taken for today and for 
some few years going forward. But we'll keep evaluating it. At this point, it's 
very clear that we'll remain focused on residential buy and sell and liquidating 
stock at the earliest possible once we acquire any rights or land, etc. And I 
mean, annuity-based things are not a priority at this point but we will appreciate 
the fact that, that also is an important category per se. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Because after a point when you reach certain scale, then this actually helps 
because currently, we are saying that there are times when unsold inventories 
will stay as unsold inventory for a lot of period of time. At that point of time, 
this will act as a cash flow cushion and help us to grow, that's what my concern. 
And secondly, sir, are we looking something around Lothal and Nalsarovar 
because I think Lothal museum is coming and Nalsarovar, there are some 
plans, big plans by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. So if you were to look at, Nalsarovar is a wider area, we already have 
quite a bit of presence. I mean wider 20-kilometer radius or thereabouts, I think 
we are already there in a very, very strong way And Adroda, which is uplands 
2, uplands 3, and even Kalyangarh is not very far from this area. Directionally, 
this is the same in any case, a very strong presence in this area, Nalsarovar. 
Lothal is a little too far, it's further away from Nalsarovar in the direction that 
the city is taking, so will be not there. But, I think, if you want to go to Lothal, 
then Kalyangarh, which is NH 47 project, it's on the way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kamal Singal for closing 
comments. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thanks a lot, everybody, for participating in this earnings call of Arvind 
SmartSpaces. And thanks again for your continued support. I hope we have 
been able to address most of your queries. However, if there is anything missed 
out on any of your questions, kindly reach out to Vikram, and he will connect 
with you offline and clarify to give further information as may be required. 
Looking forward to interacting with you once again in the coming quarters. 
Thanks a lot for your time. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
 
