 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                
                  CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road, Nr. Sohrab 
Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2024-25/07 
September 06, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Audio-video recording of Earnings Call | Q1FY25 results 
  
Ref : Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing Regulations”) and our earlier 
intimation dated August 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call with the Analysts/Investors held on Friday, 
August 30, 2024, post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of 
the Company for the quarter ended as on June 30, 2024. 
 The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the 
Company’s 
website 
and 
the 
same 
can 
be 
accessed 
from 
the 
link 
provided 
below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/analyst-earning-calls  
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same on your 
respective websites.  
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Neelam Jethani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A35831 
 
NEELAM 
SITALDAS 
JETHANI
Digitally signed by 
NEELAM SITALDAS 
JETHANI 
Date: 2024.09.06 
13:17:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q1 FY '25 Results” 
August 30, 2024, 6.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Brainbees Solutions 
Limited Q1 FY25 earnings call. This is Neelam Jethani, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company. 
I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing Director 
and CEO of the Company, Mr. Sanket Hatimattur, Executive 
Director and Chief of Staff and Mr. Gautam Sharma, Group 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication.  
 
All participants have been muted as per the default mode and 
participants will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum 
for the members to ask questions after the presentation from 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the first 30 minutes of 
the call and we will open the Q&A forum thereafter.  
 
We would like to point out that some of the statements made 
in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation shared with you.  
 
I request Mr. Supam Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Hi, Good evening, everyone. Welcome to our first earnings 
call. I see some of the names that we met during our past 
roadshows and happy to see you. Some of you are joining this 
call for the first time. Since it is a first earnings call and some 
of you are new members, we would like to just give you a little 
bit of a brief overview of our journey before we straightaway 
dive into our Q1 FY25 performance. This is our 14th year of our 
operation of FirstCry (Brainbees Solutions) and in our journey, 

 
 
 
3 
 
we have had many milestones as provided in the Prospectus, 
just to highlight the four business segments that we operate 
in, which is what we will summarize. The first one is our core 
‘India multi-channel business’ segment, which has been at 
play for last 13+ years from the beginning and that consists of 
our online India as well as our 1000+ offline stores and our 
distribution, the new small sub segment that we started 
recently. These are the key drivers of our India multi-channel 
that constitutes to drive our India multi-channel business and 
this is a core and the first sort of a business segment which 
drives a large part of our revenues. The second business 
segment is international, which is a same playbook of India, 
we took it to UAE and then subsequently to KSA. So UAE and 
KSA put together constitute our second business segment, 
which is ‘International’. The third business segment is 
‘GlobalBees’, which is an initiative, a company that we 
incubated 3 years back, May 21, and the fourth one is a 
smaller business segment that we operating which is called 
‘Others’ in our RHP and essentially it is the preschool business 
that is an asset like preschool business. So these are the four 
business segments that we will talk about during the course 
of this presentation to give a brief update about the Q1 FY25 
results of the Company. 
 
Although I can see some raised hands, I believe we will have 
some Q&A after the first, hopefully, 25-30 minutes when we 
will finish the presentation and then we can take up your 
questions subsequently, as Neelam talked about, maybe a 
raise of hands would be helpful to take your questions after 
that. 
 
So we are very happy to report our first quarter's FY25 
performance. Overall, we have been able to deliver growth 
at scale and significant improvement in our profitability. If you 
will see, our overall annual unique transacting customers both 
for India as well as international have grown to 9.5 Million 
annual unique transacting customer which is a growth of 15% 

 
 
 
4 
 
year-on-year which was earlier 14% and it has increased from 
Q1FY24 to Q1FY25 to 15%, for the fiscal year it was 14%.  If 
you look at our consolidated GMV, that is India multi-channel 
+ international, it has delivered 2,318 crores which is a growth 
of 17% for the quarter year-on-year and consolidated revenue 
from operations we have delivered 1,652 crores, which is also 
a 17% increase over the Q1 FY24. All of this growth has come 
back with a very positive improvement in the Adjusted EBITDA 
profitability, if you see our overall consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA has increased close to 106% over the last quarter for 
the last fiscal year to 74.3 crores. We have delivered close to 
around 4.5% Adjusted EBITDA as a consolidated business 
which was around close to 2.6% for Q1 FY24 at a consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted for ESOP costs. If you look at our 
core business is in India, multi-channel, here the Adjusted 
EBITDA has grown by 25% again. It is because of 8.3% 
Adjusted EBITDA which we have been able to deliver for Q1 
FY25 compared to 7.7% which was there for Q1 FY24. There 
has been an incremental EBITDA that we have been able to 
deliver thereby exceeding the revenue growth and delivering 
25% absolute growth of EBITDA from Q1 FY24 to Q1 FY25.  
 
Overall, we have also been able to deliver a Cash Profit After 
Tax which is 17.7 crores. It's almost a growth of 200% versus 
Q1 FY24 and the details of these are available in the 
supplementary slide. This presentation is already uploaded on 
stock exchanges and I'm sure you would have received a copy 
or have the access the same whenever you would like. In case 
of any questions, we are of course happy to answer these 
questions. The details of the cash profits are already available 
in that supplementary sheet. Now, I would like to take you 
know segment by segment, our performance, our first core 
business segment of India Multi channel, which we started 
right from our beginning 2010, which is a journey of 13 to 14 
years 
that 
we 
have 
been 
at 
play.  
Before I walk you through this, I would like to tell you how 
we should look at this business. Let's first go through the 

 
 
 
5 
 
performance and I'll probably qualitatively give you some 
colour and highlight how we should look at this business for 
some of the folks that who have joined and new to this call 
and for their benefit as well. Our overall and annual unique 
transacting customer on quarter one has increased by 14% 
year-on-year growth. So overall we have added 0.4 million on 
quarter-on-quarter and overall on year-on-year basis 
14% growth, which was there 12% for the last full fiscal year. 
So there has been an uptick in terms of Annual Unique 
Transacting Customer for this quarter. Also, we've been able 
to deliver basis this Annual Unique Transacting Customer 
growth. We have been able to deliver a strong growth in order 
volume as well growth of 19%, although there was a very 
marginal drop in AOV, but still we have been able to deliver a 
good GMV, robust growth of round close to 18% year-on-year 
for the Q1 FY25. Now our offline channel, we have added 
almost close to 147 stores from Q1 FY24 to Q1 FY25 and 
within that 20 COCO stores have been added just in the Q1 
FY25 from the last quarter, and for the full year around 139 
COCO stores have been added. 
 
The most important highlight for this sort of a good growth in 
terms of both in GMV as well as the revenue which we will 
talk about. They've been able to deliver at 25% growth in 
Adjusted EBITDA for the Q1 FY25 compared to Q1 FY24 with 
a 8.3% Adjusted EBITDA, which was there close to 7.7% for Q1 
FY 24.  
 
Now I just want to give you a colour of how one should look 
at our business. 
 
As I said earlier, we operate a very large online network in our 
mothers, baby and kids catering to young parents. Also, we 
cater to our offline channel which is 1,000+ stores and as I said 
earlier as well, we have presence through our retail general 
trade stores as well. So we are in a multi-channel approach, 
the historical trend has been that our customers who join our 

 
 
 
6 
 
journey through our platform; whether they join our journey 
through the first transaction in online or first transaction 
through our modern stores, over a period of time they cross 
pollinate into other channels as well. A customer who joins 
online goes back to enjoying the convenience of vicinity of the 
store from their home as well as the other way around when 
they transact first time offline, they also enjoy the selection 
and the width that we offer, and once they have built a trust 
in either of the channels to cross pollinate into online and 
offline. That has been historically that we have been able to 
observe and therefore we have continued with that journey 
of doing omni. Then we added distribution business where we 
distribute our home brands to general trade retail distribution 
where this is another demand pocket. India has three demand 
pockets: Online, Modern stores and then obviously your GT 
and this also helps us to proliferate our home brands into the 
GT demand pocket, where young parents can buy our product 
and essentially over a longer period of time when they want 
to buy more of our home brand products, we'll come back to 
our online or our modern stores, essentially helping us to 
reduce our CAG over a longer period of time. That has been 
the strategy that we have been following and you will see our 
financial performance that we will continue to draw benefit 
from this strategy over a longer period of time and also the 
key highlight, one of the other highlights I would like to make 
for this particular quarter is the we have been able to run the 
largest Influencer programme for mothers, baby and kids for 
the young parents digitally, obviously, and this is having to 
partner with a nano, micro or mega influencers who able to 
influence and able to build awareness for young millennial 
young parents, both mothers and fathers. So that has been a 
very great home, deliverable that we have been able to 
deliver and we will continue to build on it as we go along into 
building more awareness for our platform for our products 
and building word of mouth now with that qualitative 
statement, I would ask Gautam to take you through some of 
our numbers for the India multi-channel. 

 
 
 
7 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Supam talked about increase in the AUTC that is Annual 
Unique Transacting Customers, growth in Orders and GMV. 
So you can see a healthy increase in the AUTC in Q1 over last 
year Q1 which is 14% as compared to a 12% growth in FY24 
over FY23. We have added almost 1.1 million unique 
transacting customers in last 12 months. AUTC is basically for 
for Q1, it trading in 12 months, that is Unique Transacting 
Customers from 1st of July 2023 to 30th June 2024. Similarly, 
you can also see a healthy growth in the number of orders, 
the growth was 15% in FY24 over FY23, which has increased 
to 19% in Q1FY25 over Q1 FY24. GMV growth has increased 
from INR 16,494 Million to INR 19,389 Million which is a 18% 
year-on-year growth compared to a 19% growth in FY24 over 
FY23. 
 
This is the revenue performance and the Adjusted EBITDA 
performance. India Multi Channel revenue growth, while it 
was 17% in FY24, we reached INR 4,579 Crore of revenue in 
FY24. In Q1 FY FY25, we posted a revenue of INR 1,150 Crore, 
an increase from INR 99 Crores in Q1 FY24. This represents a 
year-on-year growth of 16%. Similarly, Adjusted EBITDA, you 
can see we are continuously improving our Adjusted EBITDA. 
This is adjusted for ESOP cost from 6.2% in FY23 to improve 
this to 8.8% in FY24. Similarly, if we compare the quarterly 
performance, in Q1 FY25, we posted Adjusted EBITDA of INR 
954 Million which is 8.3%, an improvement of 25% over Q1 
FY24, which was 7.7%. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Now we will move to our second business segment. 
Before I go into the international segment, would like to just 
give you a brief background. We started our international 
journey in 2019, late 2019, October 19 is when we started our 
journey in UAE with a clear view to go to KSA subsequently 
and due to COVID, we could not go early and August 22 is 
when we began our journey which is less than two years or 
almost 
two 
years 
in 
in 
Saudi 
Arabia 
as 
well. 
Just a context, both of these market put together will be close 
to around $12 Billion by FY29 and it's a very fairly meaningful 

 
 
 
8 
 
market and we took our entire playbook of what we have built 
for the India multi-channel to the international market. I'll just 
give you some highlights of the quarter. 
 
If you look at our international market segment, our overall 
Annual Unique Transacting Customer base grew by 39% year 
on year Q1 FY24 annualised 12 months from Q1FY24. So a 
growth of 39%. However, our order volumes were affected 
due to unseasonal rain that had happened and caused floods 
in UAE during this quarter, especially around April and also 
there was an advancement of seasonal spend. So let me 
explain this. In this particular year, in this Q1 FY 25, Eid was in 
early April and all the products that consumers buy typically 
before the festivities was locked in into the prior quarter, 
which Q4 of FY24. Whereas if you compare the last quarter of 
Q1 of FY 24, the Eid was there at the end of April and 
therefore, the impact of that buying was sustained in April of 
FY24 itself. So this had dual effect this this particular year one 
was we lost our 10 to 12 days of precious time during this 
unseasonal rains and floods which happened in UAE, which 
we are all aware of and because of the advancement of 
seasonal spend, just wanted to highlight that. Having said this, 
our July and August, although we are on 30th of the month, 
but we can say with good confidence both July and August, 
we are back on track in terms of our performance from a 
growth perspective for both UAE and KSA.  I would like to also 
highlight that average order value for our international 
Segment continues to improve. We had a quarter on quarter 
growth of 13% in average order value, which has reached to 
close to around INR 8,669 in in Q1 FY 25, which is at 12% GMV 
growth from the prior period. If you look at the profitability 
profile, we have significantly improved our you know losses 
since it is a journey which is relatively new, while India journey 
India playbook, we have been able to play for you know last 
14 years and we have been having  Adjusted EBITA profitable 
journey for last many years. For our international segment, 
since it is a relatively new segment for us and KSA being just 2 

 
 
 
9 
 
year old. Despite that, we have been able to improve our 
Adjusted EBITDA losses which has declined 22% in Q1 FY25 
from Q1 FY24 and on a percentage basis, if you look at it, it is 
improved from 16.6% negative from it was 22.7% in Q1 FY24. 
With that, I will also like to give you some qualitative sort of a 
colour of how the business, some of the updates about our 
international, especially our Saudi Arabia business as some of 
you will probably recall that. Obviously KSA is a very large 
market, almost two 2.5 times of UAE, and we had taken 
around close to INR 80 Crores of capital that we had raised 
from use of proceeds from IPO. So we will be starting our 
journey to build our foray into offline into Saudi Arabia and 
hoping to give you some material update around that in our 
next earnings call because the IPO just finished. So we just 
wanted to acknowledge that we'll be starting our multi-
channel journey in Saudi Arabia as well as we just go along 
and we'll give you some more update in our next quarterly 
sort of a call and also would like to highlight another first that, 
FirstCry has delivered across markets whether it is India, UAE 
and KSA, recently we have started you know, first of its own 
kind, in Saudi Arabia, Assembly service for all our baby gear, 
nursery and outdoor toys products, which has been well 
received in the Saudi Arabia market and we believe it will help 
us continue to build more brand salience with more 
customers and word of mouth as we go along and build our 
customer base in the market. So with that, I will ask Gautam 
to share some financial performance for our International 
segment. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So as Supam mentioned, AUTC growth is 39% in Q1 FY25 over 
Q1 FY24. Again this is considering 12 months AUTC while the 
growth was higher i.e., 67% in FY24 over FY23. One of the 
reason of a lesser growth in Q1, as Supam mentioned you 
know business in UAE got impacted because of floods as well 
as advancement of Eid in April. Orders remain flat, you know, 
because 
of 
the 
two 
reasons 
we 
talked 
about. 
While there was a growth of 30% in number of orders in FY24 

 
 
 
10 
 
over FY23 and as Supam mentioned in July and August, we are 
back on track in terms of you know our growth plans. GMV 
growth Is 12%. Again, the two factors have impacted all the 
three KPI that is AUTC, Orders and GMV. So the growth in 
GMV is much lesser, it is 12% compared to a 76% in FY24 over 
FY23. 
 
We'll talk about the Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA. Again, this 
is Adjusted EBITDA is adjusted for ESOP cost. So revenue 
growth in FY24 is 55%. FY 23 is when we started you know our 
KSA operations sometime you know mid of FY23 and that is 
the reason we have seen a higher growth in FY 24 because we 
got the benefit of a full year of operations for KSA business. 
Growth in Q1FY25 over Q1 FY24 is 7% largely, because of the 
impact of advancement of festivals and the floods. EBITA 
margins, while it is on a higher side in FY23 i.e., -24.6%. This is 
the time when we started our KSA business. You know it's 
since it is a pure online business, most of the costs are front 
footed and hence you know the EBITDA were higher in FY23 
but you can see a subsequent year-on-year and quarter-on-
quarter improvement in our EBITDA. We have brought it 
down to -18.5% in FY24 and if we talk about Q1 FY 25, we have 
brought it down to 16.6% -, 16.6% from a - 22.7% negative 
adjusted EBITDA in Q1 FY24. So this is continuously going 
down which basically represents that we are started getting a 
very good operating leverage with the scale of our KSA 
business. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So now just before we go to the next business segment, which 
is GlobalBees, just wanna give you some backdrop. 
This is our third business segment, which we incubated a 
company around close to May 21, almost 3 years of 
the business and here you will see that we have delivered a 
very strong performance both top line and bottom line. The 
performance that we have been able to deliver and numbers 
will speak for itself. So, I would straight away dive and request 
Gautam to speak on the numbers straight away. 
 

 
 
 
11 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
FY22 was the first year of operations for GlobalBees. We 
started operation sometime in November 21. FY23 revenue 
was INR 97 Crores and we increased this by 35% in FY24 to 
reach our revenue of 1,209.3 Crores. Growth in Q1 FY25 year-
on-year growth is 26%. So we have posted our revenue of INR 
3,245 Million compared to INR 2,565 Million revenue in Q1 
FY24.  EBITDA margins – FY23 was the first full year of 
operations for GlobalBees. We posted a negative EBITDA of -
5% in FY23, but you can see a subsequent improvement year-
on-year and quarter-on-quarter. We made this business as 
EBITDA positive business in FY24. While there was a marginal 
profit which was only 0.2%. However, if you see the Q1 FY25, 
we have increased our Adjusted EBITDA to 1.4% from 0.2% in 
FY24 again as compared to the Q1 FY24 performance, it was -
0.9% i.e., a negative EBITDA of INR 24 Million compared to a 
positive EBITDA of INR 46 Million in Q1 FY25. 
 
So the next section talks about the consolidated performance. 
However, 
before 
we 
jump 
onto 
the 
consolidated 
performance, I would like to talk about, the fourth business 
segment. We talked about the three business segments. The 
fourth one is our Preschool Business. We don't have a 
separate slide for that, but we have posted our revenue of INR 
120 Million in Q1 FY25 as compared to INR 90 Million revenue 
in Q1 FY24 that represents a 30% year-on-year growth. Also, 
talking about the Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA has 
increased from 12% positive in Q1 FY24 to 25% positive in Q1 
FY25. 
 
So this is our consolidated performance which includes the 
performance of all the four business segments. Our first one 
is core India multi-channel. Second is International, then 
GlobalBees and the fourth one is Education. So you can see in 
Q1 FY25, our consolidated net revenue is INR 16,521 Million 
which is a 17% year-on-year growth. Similarly, in FY24, we 
posted 
our 
revenue 
growth 
of 
23% 
from 

 
 
 
12 
 
INR 52,622 Million we have reached INR 64,809 Million 
revenue. 
 
You can also see at the top end, the gross margins are also 
continuously improving from 32.9% in FY23, we improved this 
to 35.8% in FY24. We can also see a quarter-on-quarter 
improvement in the Gross Margin from 35.7% gross margin in 
Q1 FY24, we have increased our gross margin by almost 199 
bips to 37.7%. As a result, the improvement in gross margins, 
a very good improvement in EBITDA in all the four business 
segments, we have improved our consolidated EBITDA from 
2.6% in Q1 FY24 to 4.5% in Q1 FY25. You can see this is going 
up 
from 
1.5% 
in 
FY23 
to 
4.5% 
in 
Q1 
FY25. 
This is a representation of the previous slide in terms of 
percentage. So we can skip this slide. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
This is what we wanted to sort of share our highlights and 
brief financial sort of performance. We have shared this 
presentation. This is our first time as well. So we have shared 
this presentation. It is already on Stock Exchange sites. I'm 
sure you have a copy of it already. There are a lot of 
supplementary sections and financial data points that we 
have also already uploaded on a Stock Exchange. So if you 
have any questions that we are happy to take, you know one 
by one, hopefully. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Neelam, I'm hoping that you want to say anything, Neelam 
here. 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
We can open the Q&A forum.  
Now the Q&A Forum is open, I request participants to raise 
hands for asking questions. We will unmute you and you will 
have access to the Mic. Please introduce yourself and the 
name of the organisation you represent. The participants are 
also requested to limit their questions to maximum two 
questions. For a follow up question, you may join the queue 
again. 
So we have the first question from Mr. Yash Gandhi. 
Yash, you have been given the mic access. 

 
 
 
13 
 
Mr. Yash Gandhi from 
Stallion Asset    
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to 
understand, so you know our losses have gone down by 30% 
year-on-year in this quarter, and this one of the management, 
if you have any guidance in terms of when can we expect first 
full year of PAT level profitability for the business? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Yash, all we could say is that we would be continue to 
improve both our top line performance and our bottom line 
performance as we continue, if you look at our cash profits, 
they are already positive and from a PAT perspective, there 
are a lot of other variables that play in, but you should be able 
to see business performance continue to improve both from 
a top line and bottom line perspective, you know and that 
since it is our first call as well. So we are little. 
You know what to speak and what not to speak is some of 
these things we are learning. So please, you know, sort of 
pardon us on that. But having said this, we can only say that 
the business performance pure pure business performance 
will continue to improve. PAT has some functions and we have 
shared a lot of other information in the supplementary 
section that will help you to be able to route a plan that you 
will be able to visualize our PAT profitability in the subsequent 
periods. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And just to add Yash, you know if you see the channel wise 
performance, it is only the International business which is 
right now a loss making business for us. Rest of the segments 
you know are making good profits and it is in fact improving 
year-on-year and also for the International business, the 
losses are going down as a percentage to net revenue. 
Mr. Yash Gandhi from 
Stallion Asset    
Sure, got it. Thank you. 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you Yash. So the next question is from Videesha. We'll 
just enable the mic access.  Videesha, please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
Ms. Videesha, Ambit 
Hi team, Thank you for the opportunity. I am Videesha from 
Ambit Capital. My first question was on the gross margin 
expansion, if you could elaborate on the drivers for the 200 

 
 
 
14 
 
basis points expansion that we've seen this quarter. Is it 
largely private label driven or sourcing efficiencies that have 
come into play? 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. So Videesha, I would request this being going forward, 
we like to call home brands because lot of our products are 
built with lot of love and care. So that's what we will request 
you to call going forward. But to answer your question. You 
know the gross margin improvement has happened on 
multiple leves. And if you look at our improvement in our 
home brand share. Improvement in our home brand, you 
know margins itself, COGS reduction, third party brands, you 
know sort of margin increase,  all of these factors have helped 
us to continuously improve our gross margins and also our 
COCO Store expansion where we earn higher sort of gross 
margins as well. 
Ms. Videesha, Ambit 
Understood. And the second question was so if you could help 
us with the unit economics of FirstCry COCO Store as well as 
a Babyhug COCO store. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So Videesha, in terms of the size of the store, you know 
FirstCry store which is a multi-brand format are a bit larger 
store admeasuring around 2,800 to 3,000 square foot stores 
and Babyhug stores, which is single brand retail stores, that's 
smaller in size around 1,400 to 1,500 square foot stores. In 
terms of unit economic, I would request you know. 
We have shared some details on the GMV bifurcation 
between online business and the offline business. I would 
request if you can, you know you have the number of stores, 
you have the GMV, probably you can very well understand the 
unit economics of you know all formats.  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Videesha, I would like to just add here and this is a very 
important point because you should look at our business in a 
in a multi-channel way. As I mentioned earlier, a large part of 
our customers actually transact both online and offline. The 
customers who join our journey online also goes offline and 
they join our journey as offline goes online. So, we are able to 
improve our unit economics as we increase our expanse of 
our universe of reach to the customers as we build more 

 
 
 
15 
 
stores while our online we have a good presence, I mean, Pan 
India but there is a journey as of millennial customers building 
having awareness about us and transacting with us, building 
trust 
as 
they 
join 
their 
journey 
of 
parenting. 
Having said this, our unit economics is linked as a multi-
channel, not just as a store platform or just a pure online 
platform. It's very hard to segregate since because of the 
overlap of the customers and the third segment that we have 
recently added which is distribution which adds to our 
firepower because as the customer consume, the young 
parent consumes product bought from our home brand, 
product bought from a you know demand pocket of channel 
of GT trade. Let's say they have bought our home brand, let's 
say Babyhug and then the extension of those brand products 
will be available only in our online or in our modern stores. 
Essentially being able to drive down our CAG and being able 
to build more repeats for us without having to, you know, sort 
of spend money on the category front. So all of our construct 
as a strategy has been built to be able to improve our unit 
economics at a multi-channel way. 
Ms. Videesha, Ambit 
Got it. I was just trying to get at the profitability profile of the 
offline channel, but point taken, I'll join the que for further 
questions. 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you, Videesha. So the next speaker is Tejas Shah. Tejas, 
we have given you the mic access, please introduce yourself 
and ask your question. 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Hi, this first question Supam, 
could you provide insights into the quarterly seasonality of 
margins within India's multi-channel business, specifically, 
how should we think about margins fluctuation on seasonal 
basis basically for example, is one Q generally the lowest and 
does it align more closely with the full year average later on? 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari    
Sure. Tejas, you are partly correct, but I we would not like to 
say that it is materially different from a margin profile. We are 
still lot of levers that we continue to you know work at 
therefore you are able to see the improvement across 
different levers that we have talked about. Few of them we 

 
 
 
16 
 
have talked about few of them are little smaller, so we have 
not spoken about. We will continue to play around building 
more home brand share to be able to drive more margins. We 
will be continue to drive more COGS reduction as economies 
of scale take up in some of the product types or categories or 
subcategories into our home brands and with the help of our 
third party brand partners, as we will be able to build a win-
win situation for them to be able to grow volumes, you'll be 
able to drive that. And over a period of time, as we build our 
international business as well, some of those help us to build 
volumes. And in some quarters, we're able to build more 
meaningful. It's a journey. It will continue as a process. There 
are no, I would say, major seasonality, since we are in a 
growth phase in that sense. So we will continue improvement. 
But having said this, we would like it, since there are many 
levers that happen in step function way and that at a 
continuous play, so we would not be able to say that there is 
like in one season we will show more than one season, we'll 
show less. So it will be a little bit of a sort of a curve that you'll 
continue to improve year-on-year. 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Thanks and 2nd last question. Could you shed some light on 
store expansion strategy? Will the focus primarily be on COCO 
stores or what mix between COCO and FOFO you will be 
comfortable with unsustainable basis going forward? 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
As a part of our proceeds that we have talked about in the 
RHP as well, we will be adding tools to around 350 stores over 
the next 2 to 2.5 years. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
This is in both the format that is FirstCry and Babyhug.  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Having said that, this you will be able to see this store 
additions in over next period of 8 to 10 quarters, quarter-on-
quarter and this is for the COCO and for FOFO, yes, there will 
be a little bit of a shift that you will see from FOFO to COCO 
that you have observed from numbers when we had filed in 
December then we had filed it in April and now for this 
quarter as well, there is supplementary information on that 
front as well. But it will have a little bit of an over indexation 
on the COCO stores, but we will continue to build FOFO stores 

 
 
 
17 
 
as well as we continue to find good partners, good business 
partners as franchise partners, who we believe can be our 
great partners for our success story in times to come. So we 
will continue to building our FOFO channel as well while we 
continue to build our COCO journey as we have enumerated 
in numbers of 350. 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Sure. And just one follow up on COCO strategy, are we 
targeting any particular state or region as of now or is it pan 
India? 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
It is pan India Tejas. If you recall, if you look at our data point, 
we have 1000+ stores across 500+ cities. So we are pretty 
much Pan India. So we will continue to expand both in the 
same city as well as our new towns and cities as well. 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Sure. So, no, my questions mostly on that, are we penetrating 
more into existing markets or we are adding new towns or 
new states that was the broader question. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Both  
Mr. Tejas Shah 
That's all from my side and all the best for coming quarters. 
Thanks. 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you, Tejas. Our next question is from the Garima 
Mishra. Garima, you have the access to the mic and you may 
ask your question. 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
Research, KIE 
 
Yeah. Hi, can you hear me? Am I audible? 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Yes, yes you are. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
Research, KIE 
OK, perfect. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Is there an echo or is it at my end? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, you are loud and clear, Garima, at least for us. 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Garima, you can ask your question. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
Research, KIE 
Right. Thanks for that and I must appreciate the fairly detailed 
investor presentation as well. My first question is on the India 

 
 
 
18 
 
multi-channel business. Now, if I see the financial metrics that 
have been shared, GMV growth in the business is about 19%, 
revenue growth is a little lower. So can you help me 
understand, you know how we should read both of these 
numbers and why the sort of slightly different trend in the two 
months? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Garima, there are multiple factors between GMV and net 
revenue. So largely you know there are three factors which is 
is Discounting, Taxes and the third one is Returns. So any 
change in these factors could probably create a delta between 
the GMV growth and the net revenue growth. However, what 
we should see is discounting change, for example, is it could 
be a factor of change in category mix also. So what we should 
really see Garima, is what impact it brings to the ultimate net 
gross margin and you can see that the net gross margins are 
improving, quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Garima, for this particular quarter, we had I think 1% drop in 
AOV as well. I think that is one of the reasons that you are 
probably seeing that little bit of a delta that you can see in the 
supplementary information that we have shared. So not 
something that you should, I mean, I hope that probably 
answers your pretty much question what Gautam said and the 
AOV part point. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
(Research, KIE)    
It does. It does. Thanks. Second question is on the 
International business. Could you highlight your store 
addition plans for this year? The offline store edition? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Garima, in the next, I said as we have filed in our RHP as well, 
we will be adding close to 12 stores in Saudi Arabia, over a 
period of next 24 to 30 months, that's what we will be adding. 
We will, as I mentioned in the initial part of the presentation, 
we will be talking about some material update or some 
meaningful update about the store expansion because we 
have just started. See, this was a promise that we raised 

 
 
 
19 
 
capital for it. So we have started our journey in that direction. 
So in the next quarterly call that we will have second earnings 
call, we'll be able to give you some more meaningful update. 
This will be spread out, we will start with a few stores and try 
& optimise our learnings before we really expand. So you 
should see a little bit of a you know curve there in terms of 
building low, little bit of a learning curve before we expand, 
but all will be done these 12 stores that we have talked about 
will be all in the next 24 to 30 months. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
(Research, KIE)    
Understood. And the last question from my side, what is the 
current cash balance after the fundraising, the IPO? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So end of June, Garima, we had a net cash of around.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
June, or she's asking about IPO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
In June, we had a cash of around INR 450 Crores and we raised 
around INR 1,666 Crores towards primary issue of capital. This 
is the gross proceeds. Net proceeds was what we got after 
adjustment of issue expenses which was close to INR 60 to 63 
Crores. So the net what we have got is something around INR 
1,600 Crore. We have started utilizing those cash as per the 
use of proceeds given in the prospectus, but the number is 
pretty decent. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
(Research, KIE)  
   
Understood. Thank you so much. Those were my questions. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you. 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you Garima. The next question is from Sachin Dixit. 
Sachin, you have been given the Mic access. Please ask your 
question. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Yeah. Hi, Supam, Gautam, Congrats on getting listed and a 
great set of results. So there seems to be a decent amount of 

 
 
 
20 
 
disclosure in the presentation that you have shared. Just one 
thing which I felt could have added some value at least for 
people like us, is the gross margin on segment basis. Obviously 
we have revenue, we have EBITDA, customer gross margin is 
a key driver of how we are going to forecast this business. Will 
it be able to show will you be able to share that? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sachin, this is our first sort of earnings call. We are also 
learning as a process but you can imagine, sorry go ahead. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Sachin, we are also bound by the disclosures that we have 
made in our Prospectus, it was a recently filed prospectus 
wherein we have not disclosed the segment wise gross 
margins, how we will you know we will discuss this internally 
and probably we will try to give some more colour on the 
segment wise gross margin in our next call. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
And also we can say that this gross margin improvement has 
happened across channels, I mean otherwise not be just 
possible to deliver, what we have delivered. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
That's completely fair. My second question is on this 
disclosure that you put in about the fires in the update. I 
mean, 2 fires in the same quarter in couple of different 
warehouses. Can you give some detail about them? And 
secondly, the loss that you mentioned in the Bhiwandi fire, 
especially where are you putting it in your P&L? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
The Bhiwandi losses are shown as an exceptional item in our 
consolidated financial statement. If you see our published 
results, it is shown as an exceptional item the Bhiwandi loss, 
which is somewhere around INR 122 Million that is around 
INR 12.2 Crores. On the losses, the fire at Kolkata, the 
insurance company is still reviewing the claim and we believe 
we don't see any adjustment that is required in our 
profitability from the final settlement of the claims by 
insurance company. 

 
 
 
21 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Quickly. I mean, did you get to the reason of the fire? So like? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, Sachin, it is very unfortunate that what happened has 
happened. These are two unrelated incidents that happened 
in our 14 years of our journey. Never, ever has happened in 
past. This is the first time that we have encountered this is, 
that has happened. We have taken internal action. I mean it 
is something that was totally unexpected. It happened on a 
day when there was a voting day and there was nobody 
statutorily allowed in the warehouse and it happened on that 
day. But having said this, we have taken certain protocols, 
certain SOPs, we have strengthened that you know and basis 
that we believe that some of these things which are any rare 
incidents should not ever happen again with the Company. So 
that's all we can help you appreciate that the actions being 
taken. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Understood. 
Sure, sure. Just one final question, ordering frequency wise, if 
you do a quick math between the number of orders and 
transacting users, it looks very healthy in International 
markets, 
even 
healthier 
than 
your 
India 
business. 
Is can you? I mean if there is any colour on how is that 
happening? Are people there as you highlighted during your 
IPO process as well that obviously GDP per capita being 
higher, people spend more money there on childcare. Is it just 
that or there are also some different habits so that you see 
between the two different segments? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, it is KSA, you know sort of impact as well. KSA has a slightly 
higher AOV than the UAE and as the share of a KSA increases 
in the overall mix, the AOV has increased that. That's how it is 
leading to, and we will continue to improvise on our product 
mix as we go along. But primarily that is the reason. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Understood. Thank you. And all the best. 
 

 
 
 
22 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you, Sachin. 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you. So we'll take last question from Ashish. 
Ashish, you have been given the access to the mic. Please ask 
your question and let's limit it to one in the interest of time. 
 
Mr. Ashish 
Yeah. OK. Thank you. Am I audible? 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Yes 
 
Mr. Ashish 
Thank you. So just one understanding when we say multi 
channel online business, so does it include sales of other 
brand also that has been listed on our offline and online 
market? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, yeah, of course. 
 
Mr. Ashish 
OK, so these brands are not owned by us, they are only sales 
being sold by us or I mean can you give an understanding of 
how this business runs in the multi-channel business? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Ashish, first, let's understand both in our online and in our 
multi-brand FirstCry offline store, it's a multi-brand outlet, we 
sell multi-brands meaning we sell 7,000+ third party brands. 
We sell to around 1.6 million SKUs, 1.7 million SKUs across you 
know, 7,000+ brands that we sell in the online as well as in our 
FirstCry stores, FOFO as well as COCO, so that's how the 
model is. It's only a part of this is our home brands. Within the 
seven 7,000+ brands, we have a few home brands that we 
have. The revenue that you see in the multi-channel 
is a combination of all of that. 
 
Mr. Ashish 
OK, understood. So do we have pure number which is being 
sold for our brand? The brands, which are not listed outside 
and just our brands. 
 

 
 
 
23 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Ashish, for that we can only just say that look, we have 
disclosed that. Out of all our home brands, Babyhug today is 
one of our oldest home brand and it is India's largest multi 
category Mothers, baby and kids product brand by GMV for 
FY24 that was shared in our RHP as a part of the industry 
report that probably give you enough comfort that what we 
are building here and we still partner with 7000+ brands, both 
domestic and international, put together, so it's a very 
meaningful balance between the two. 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you, Ashish. 
 
Mr. Ashish 
Ok, Sir. Thank you. Yeah. 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Thank you. That was the last question we could take in this 
call and I would like Mr Supam Maheshwari to share the 
closing remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you everyone for joining our first earning call and giving 
sort of a, you know flavour to us, we are also learning as we 
go along and happy to take your questions. Hopefully we will 
continue to meet every quarter on quarter as we build our 
Company and continue to bring more pride for all our 
shareholders and for our country. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you so much. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you very much. 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
So we will now conclude the call and thank you everyone. 
 
