-l~· 
· 
. 
,.'VIIS' 
. 
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD. 
'" +91 1204308000 
••• +911204311010/11 
e www.trivenigroup.com 
By E-filing 
REF TElL SE 
D 
gth A 
2024 
~. 
ate: 
u_gust, 
BSE Limited 
National 
Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
P.l Tower, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI 
- 400001 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
Thru; NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 
STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 2nd August, 2024 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant 
to Regulation 
46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
20 IS, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Analyst! 
Investor Conference 
Call held on 2nd August, 
2024 post 
announcement 
of unaudited financial 
results of the Company for the Q I FY25 ended on 
June 30, 2024. The transcript 
is also available on the website of the Company at: 
www.trivenigroup.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking 
you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
~~ 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M.No.A9475 
Encl: 
As above 
Corporate Office: 8th Floor, Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, India. 
Registered Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L 15421 UP1932PLC02217 4 

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q1 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 02, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Q1 FY 25 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Suresh Taneja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sinha, 
CEO - Sugar Business Group; as well as other members of the senior 
management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a statement of this effect has 
been included in the invite, which was shared with everyone earlier. I would 
also like to emphasise that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will commence the call 
with opening remarks from the management, following an interactive question-
and-answer session. 
 
May I now hand it over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney. Over to you, Sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 FY 
25 earnings conference call for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited.  
 
For the quarter under review, the revenue from operations stood at ₹1,301 
crore. The PBT just a shade under ₹42 crore and the PAT was ₹31 crore. The 
net turnover increased by 8.6%, mainly due to a higher Sugar turnover of 12% 
due to similar increases in sales volumes and approximately a 5% increase in 
realisation price. 
 
The turnover of the Power Transmission business improved marginally by 1%, 
whereas there was a marginal decline of 2% in the turnover of the Alcohol 
business due to lower sales volumes despite higher production. However, the 
turnover of the Water business has declined by 21% due to certain delays in 
the award of contracts or projects. The PBT is 54% lower at ₹41.8 crore, 
segment profitability was lower across the businesses with the exception of the 
water business, where cost savings led to a higher profitability. 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
The profitability of the Sugar business, despite higher contribution on sugar 
sold was lower due to lower production and higher charge of off-season 
expenses owing to the earlier closure of the Sugar Season (SS). The 
profitability of the Alcohol business was adversely impacted due to restrictions 
that have been imposed by the Government on grain feedstocks and as a 
result of which the rice operations were substituted by maize, and of course, 
there was an increasing transfer price of molasses. And due to the lower sales 
volume of 4.3% including lower dispatch from ethanol from higher margin 
sugarcane-based feedstocks. 
 
Looking at business-wise highlights:  
 
In the Sugar business, we achieved a blended realization of over ₹39 per kilo 
(kg), an increase of almost 5% over the previous corresponding period. This 
was because of improved domestic realizations. In the Alcohol business, it 
reported the highest ever quarterly production of 5.5 crore litres, an increase of 
8.3% over the previous corresponding period due to the additional capacities 
being commissioned. 
 
The Company's IMFL business commenced its operations in the month of July 
2024, with the launch of two brands in the state of Uttar Pradesh, THE 
CRAFTERS STAMP which is in the super premium category and MATSYA 
which is in the premium category. 
 
The Power Transmission business reported a 12% increase in order booking 
this quarter and a record closing order book of ₹306 crore, which is an 
improvement of 12.5% over the corresponding period. And of course, it's 
important to mention that we've crossed an important milestone of ₹300 crore 
order book for the first time in our history. 
 
In the Water business, we are happy to report that the business has been 
favourably placed for a project in Europe, it's about ₹250 odd crore, and we 
are eagerly anticipating the Letter of Award in the immediate future. We will 
update more details on this in due course. There are several other projects, 
which we are expecting the award also in the next few weeks or so. 
 
The debt position of the Company on a standalone basis on June 30th 2024 
increased to ₹1,150 crore as compared to ₹920 crore on June 30th, 2023. The 
standalone debt at the end of period under review comprises of ₹245 crore of 
term loans and all such loans are with interest subvention. 
 
On a consolidated basis, the gross debt is ₹1,281 crore on the June 30th 2024 
compared to ₹1,011 crore as on June 30th, 2023. The overall cost of funds on 
a standalone basis stood at 7.2% versus 6.7% in the previous corresponding 
period. 
 
Turning to our Sugar business, in the last call, the Sugar Season (SS) 2023-24 
had just concluded. Since then, we have been focused on preparing for the 
upcoming season. And the focus has been to restore normalcy in our sugar 
operations, and we are rigorously working towards this direction looking at 
uprooting any infected crop, substituting vulnerable varieties with more robust 

 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
varieties, enhancing yield with on-ground intervention at a scale even larger 
than what we had done in the previous few years and stepping up of 
surveillance activities to get early warnings for any challenges to our crop and 
the challenges could be with respect to increased water levels. It could be due 
to disease, it could be due to pests or any other conditions, agronomic 
conditions that can impact the crop. I think the sensitivity is at an all-time high 
for the group and we're eagerly anticipating the upcoming season. 
 
We continue from an operating perspective to focus on premium products such 
as refined sugar and pharmaceutical-grade sugar, which now on a collective 
basis comprised of 70% of the overall sugar production of the Company. And 
this will, of course, further improve the profitability profile of the Company as 
we look forward. 
 
The Company reported a 12% increase in the Sugar segment revenues to just 
under ₹1,000 crore, which improved 12% year-on-year driven by higher 
dispatches and 5% improved realisations. It must be noted, of course, there 
were no exports in this quarter. 
 
From a segment profitability perspective, profits in the Sugar business declined 
to ₹36.5 crore, a decline of 26.5%. And this was despite the higher contribution 
on the sugar sold, and it is of course, due to lower production and a higher 
charge of the off-season expenses in this quarter due to the earlier closure of 
the season. 
 
The sugar inventory on the 30th of June 2024 was 44.73 lakh quintals valued at 
an average of ₹35.2 per kilo. Presently, sugar prices are at their recent highs, 
and we are selling refined sugar at ₹3990 per quintal at ex-factory for a refined 
grade sugar and sulphitation sugar at ₹3940 per quintal ex-factory as well, 
pretty good prices. And I believe that these prices will remain at these levels, 
at least for the immediate future and, of course, some gentle increases as we 
get into the holiday season in late September and through the month of 
October. This actually bodes well for the immediate future as far as sugar 
pricing is concerned. 
 
Looking at the balance sheet from a nationwide perspective, we anticipate an 
opening balance for next year, on the 1st of October 2024 of approximately 9 
million metric tonnes against domestic sales of higher than 29 million tonnes of 
sugar. And for next year, we expect that the closing stock without exports 
remain around about the same, and this is considering a 4.5 million tonnes 
diversion of sugar into ethanol for SS 2024-25. I must caveat this by saying 
that these are our internal estimates from our research group. 
 
Looking at the international industry scenario. As per S&P Global, the sugar 
balance sheet is pointing towards a reasonably large surplus of about 5.5 
billion tonnes. And the outlook looks largely balanced despite the surfaces in 
Thailand, in Europe, and in India. International Sugar prices after a remarkable 
performance in the last fiscal year have trended downward as the news of this 
larger future balance as percolated to the markets. And we've seen that 
decline not only in white, but also in raws (raw sugar). However, in the last few 

 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
days, we've seen a recent surge in pricing, but we are still substantially lower 
than the highest that we had just a few quarters ago. 
 
Turning to our Alcohol business. During the quarter, we commissioned the 
Rani Nangal distillery which led with the highest ever quarterly production of 
5.5 crore litres, placing us among the leading ethanol manufacturers in the 
country. Sales volume were lower by 4.3% over the corresponding period due 
to dispatch schedules moving into the next quarter, while the ethanol is held in 
inventory. 
 
The feedstock mix of alcohol sold is 58:42 sugarcane to grain in this quarter, 
very much in line with what I had mentioned to you in our last earnings call and 
even the previous earnings call. And last year, it is important to note that it was 
64:36 sugarcane to grain. So very much changed as a result of market 
dynamics. The fact that there was a curtailment of diversion of sugar towards 
the ethanol programme. However, we were capably set up to be able to 
process grain. There are challenges around that, but at least we have the 
capacity and the infrastructure to be able to process large quantum of grain, so 
to keep up the total volumes for the Company. 
 
The domestic scenario as far as ethanol: the Oil Marketing Companies 
(OMCs) have floated a tender of 835 crore litres with a 15% blending target. 
Till the 30th of June, contracts for 714 crore litres have been executed by the 
OMCs, with 61% coming from sugarcane-based feedstocks and the balance 
39% or 281 crore litres coming from grain-based feedstocks. The OMCs have 
thus far procured 400 crore litres out of the total contracted quantity up to the 
30th of June 2024. And with this procurement, ethanol produced from grain-
based feedstocks contributes to 53%, i.e., 211 crore litres, while sugarcane-
based feedstocks contribute to a smaller number, 47% of approximately 190 
crore litres. This marks the first time that the ethanol from grain has actually 
surpassed ethanol from sugarcane-based feedstocks and the achieved 
blending percentage nationwide was 13% as of 30th of June 2024.  
 
I must say that while the target was given at 15%, the achievement of 13%, 
given the challenges that have existed across the country, given the fact that 
we were in the middle of an election year, and given the fact that there were 
several infrastructure issues that needed to be hurdled, 13% achievement is 
most commendable. And I think that we are certainly on the anvil of achieving 
even higher blending percentages. The thought process at this particular point 
is development will try to achieve 18% blending in the next supply year moving 
quickly to the 20%, which was targeted by the Honourable Prime Minister for 
many, many years. 
 
Looking at the Power Transmission business (PTB): PTB has been on a 
sustained growth path over the years, and this quarter has also performed 
extremely well, and there were several breakthrough orders, especially with 
international eminent customers and OEMs. The Company continues to 
witness excellent demand for its products, including in the high technology 
compressor gearbox market and a recent addition once again, has been a 
demand for the high power, small hydro turbine applications both domestically 
and internationally. Other very promising segment include high power API, 

 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
which is adhering to the requirements of the oil and gas and petrochemical 
sector, integrally geared gearboxes as well also adhering to the same sector 
as well. 
 
The outstanding order book, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, stands 
above the ₹300 crore milestone, at ₹306 crore with longer duration orders of 
approximately a third of that portion. This is a record for us, and I hope that we 
will be achieving a continuous record in subsequent quarters coming forward. 
 
Turning to the Water business: Revenues have declined because of delay in 
execution in certain projects and the delayed award of certain projects. And I 
had mentioned to you on the last call that I was not waiting with bated breath 
for the last three months, because we were in election season across nation. 
And it would take time for things to revert to normal and for projects to come. 
And I'm very happy to report that over the next few weeks, we expect many 
projects to be finally concluded. We believe we are very, very well placed for a 
few of those projects. In the opening remarks, of course I mentioned that we 
had extremely favourably placed for a ₹250 crore project in Europe. And we're 
expecting the award of that in the next few days itself. 
 
The PBT margins of the Water business stood at 12% for the quarter, and the 
outstanding order book on the 30th of June 2024 stood at just shade under 
₹1,200 crore, which included ₹867 crore towards O&M contracts over a slightly 
longer period of time. 
 
I will quickly move with this outlook for the businesses: In view a very 
comfortable inventory situation in the country, we are very hopeful that the 
government will do away with the feedstock restrictions and address the 
ethanol pricing framework as well and look at the viability of both grain-based 
and sugarcane feedstock-based distilleries. 
 
In essence, it is a two-pronged process. Firstly, there was a limitation in terms 
of what could be diverted. We expect that to be lifted in the very near future. 
And we expect that the Government may very well look at absorbing all the 
quantities of ethanol that will come from the sugar sector. 
 
I do believe that this will require another revisit in prices, which did not happen 
last year both for sugarcane-based feedstock ethanol as well as grain-based 
ethanol as well. From both sides, Triveni would benefit with any increase in the 
price. 
 
The industry is also keenly awaiting the revision to the Minimum Selling Price 
(MSP) of sugar which is vital to the sustainability of the industry. The MSP, as 
many of you know, has remained unchanged since 2019, while input costs and 
sugarcane price, both FRP and SAP have risen significantly. ISMA has made 
a very rational request to DFPD and to other ministries of requesting a rate of 
₹39.14 per kilo for sugar as the MSP for the country. And it's a very logical 
explanation based on the previous increases in MSP that has happened. And 
we're hopeful that the Government will look at this favourably and will give a 
high increase to MSP. Again, one anticipates that this is very much on the 

 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
card, certainly before the next crushing season and hopefully before the end of 
this quarter. 
 
Sugar prices, as I had mentioned even on our last call, I'm happy to report that 
we were correct that they have remained at very healthy levels throughout the 
quarter. And going forward, I expect some small increases in pricing. It could 
be because of increases in MSP, it could be because of very rational releases 
that have been given by the DFPD and it could also be due to other factors. 
But I do see that sugar price stability is something that is not of a concern 
certainly to us at Triveni. 
 
Looking at the Power Transmission business group outlook: Indian economic 
activity has continued its momentum and we believe that both India and export 
markets are very nicely primed with a lot of replacement orders, a lot of new 
fresh projects that are coming up especially in the sectors of oil and gas and 
petrochemicals and some basic industry sectors as well contributing to 
significant growth. 
 
Our international customer outreach efforts have been extensive, and we have 
made continuous investments in Research and Development (R&D). A lot of 
which, which has resulted in a material cost decreases as we've seen in this 
quarter that has gone by, and it has to do with the R&D programmes and the 
successful outlook of those R&D programmes. And of course, the R&D 
initiatives do continue, and we're hopeful to have even more improvements, 
both on the cost side and the addressable market side as far as our gearboxes 
from the Power Transmission Business are concerned. 
 
The Government of India's continuing thrust on Atmanirbhar Bharat and Make-
in-India has directly opened up a plethora of opportunities for indigenisation of 
imported gearboxes, and we expect this to be a growth driver for both the 
industry as well as the aftermarket business and including defence as well. 
 
In the Defence segment, the business expects increased order booking from 
some critical segments, and we have progressed quite a long way. Of course, 
during the course of the elections, there were a few orders that were finalised 
again, and we're anticipating that over the next few weeks and quarters, we 
will be able to get back to the solution, and there's a lot of business that is 
awarded where we are contending. 
 
As far as the Water business outlook is concerned, we are placed very 
favourably in a variety of different bits, and we are expecting to get those 
awards in the next few weeks. So that's quite close and we are actually very 
positive about a few of those bids as well. 
 
From a longer-term perspective, given the significant gap between the demand 
and the current availability of water and wastewater treatment plants, the water 
sector, by and large has a very, very positive outlook in the nation. And not just 
in the nation, also internationally, we're seeing a lot more focus coming on 
water. And the Company continues to evaluate various international 
opportunities and intend to participate in several tenders for international 
projects. 

 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Turning quickly to the Company's new subsidiary, SSEL - Sir Shadi Lal 
Enterprises Limited. During the quarter, the Company has further acquired 
36.34% equity stake of SSEL on June 20th from the balance members of the 
Promoter group under the share purchase agreement. The Company now 
cumulatively holds 61.77% of the total shareholding of SSEL. 
 
Consequently, the Company has become a subsidiary of Triveni and the 
Company in compliance with applicable laws has launched an open offer with 
the acquisition of 26% voting shares of SSEL, this was done on January 30, 
2024, but that process is well underway. We have received SEBI approval, 
and we expect that open offer to conclude during the month of August 2024. 
 
In terms of concluding remarks, I think we are very hopeful for a robust 
performance from the sugar sector this coming year and a robust performance 
of the distillery sector this coming year. Led by improvements in pricing, led by 
more availability of raw material on the sugar side, we're expecting great 
quantum for sugarcane. And then we have a very positive outlook on the 
Engineering businesses as well as I had mentioned, both gearboxes, defence 
as well as in the water and wastewater management. 
 
I'd be delighted now to take some questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Hi, I have a few questions on the sugarcane crushing side, means what is our 
expectation for the next season, given the last season was a bit subdued with 
11% decline in crushing number. What is our expectation? What is the work 
we are doing in terms of the variety change in our catchment area? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. So excellent question, multiprong question. And I think I'm going to take 
you back to comments that I've made in previous conference calls. We were 
actually just reviewing it before this conference call. As you know, last year, we 
had 77% of Co0238 variety across the seven sugar units. This year, and I had 
mentioned at that point in time that our target was to bring this around 50%. 
And I'm happy to report that that reduction has been achieved. 
 
So, in all sensitive areas, waterlogged areas, low light areas, we have 
eradicated Co0238. The intention of course, is to take this to halve it again in 
the following year as well and then only to keep it in opportunistic areas, 
because it does give a good return if it is not disease affected, and it will last 
for a few more years. So, my answer is very much the same as what I 
mentioned one quarter ago and two quarters ago, and we're bang on track in 
terms of what we had set as target for us. 
 
Now given that fact that we have managed to eradicate large tracts area under 
Co0238. We have substituted for other excellent varieties, and we found that 
our area under cane has increased. The surveys are now on, I can't give you 
an exact number right now, but we're looking at an increase in area under 

 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
sugarcane for the group as a whole. And also, we're looking at a possible 
double-digit increase in the cane availability for our Sugar business for next 
year. 
 
Now I have to mention this, that we're only halfway through the monsoons. So, 
to have early estimates, I offered you an early estimate. This is given what 
rainfall, what weather patterns and minimal impact on pest and disease that 
we have seen thus far. However, reading this morning papers, which I'm sure 
you've done as well, we're looking at a lot of rainfall coming our way in the 
month of August and September. I think the hope has to be that in the month 
of September, whatever rainfall happens, it happens in the first half, so that it 
does not affect the early start of the sugar factories in October of 2024. 
 
So, given that we have balanced weather and balanced weather events, I think 
we're certainly as a group looking at a good rebound as far as our sugar 
operations are concerned. And we have been very successful in our cane 
development. We have achieved all the targets that we set ourselves out to. Of 
course, our programme is a multi-year programme, it's a multi-pronged 
programme. But very happy with the successes that we've had thus far. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
You mentioned that you're expecting a double-digit kind of increase in the 
sugarcane availability. So, are you including the acquired entity in this, or 
you're talking only about the standalone entity? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I was talking about the standalone entity. The subsidiary company is an 
independent company and I'm not addressing their targets. Although I do 
believe that they had a particularly poor crushing season last year because 
they had a very short season. There were some administrative issues which 
led to a very delayed start for the sugar factory. And also, had an early end 
because of some engineering challenges for the season. Triveni having taken 
over the management control of Sir Shadi Lal, we anticipate that we will get 
back to business as usual. And a substantial increase in sugarcane crush at 
that factory in the upcoming sugar season. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Great. One question on the ethanol side means, now we have sort of 
completed our ethanol CapEx. Ideally with this kind of a capacity per day 
means annual number ideally should be close to 24 crore litres if I'm not 
wrong. So, can we have some guidance on that front? What kind of number 
are we looking in FY 25 and FY 26? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
You see in FY 25 we are looking what we mentioned in the previous one of a 
number in excess of 21 crore litres, right and it was also explained that with 
maize the capacity is a little lower. And therefore, while you are right, 
otherwise it should have been 24 crore litres. And going forward we would be 
at a significantly higher number, close to about 25 crore litres in FY 26 from the 
same set of assets. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Exactly. And I will just add that we have one project still on hold. It remains on 
hold until we see the next molasses (ethanol) pricing by the Central 
Government, and at which point we will review that project. But as I've 
mentioned on previous calls, the engineering work has all been completed. It's 

 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
just a matter of ordering the equipment. And given our track record, we can 
have a distillery up and running in three quarters flat. And at this stage that we 
are at, so a pretty good time. 
 
So, with that, of course we'll return to the 30 crore plus target rates. But at this 
particular point in time that distillery remains on hold with the capacities that 
we've had, you just heard from Sameer, we should be at a very good annual 
production rate. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Just last one on the Engineering business. I mean the current quarter 
performance on the gear business has been, you can say, a bit muted from the 
revenue side. So, is it just have to do with Water business certainly has been 
impacted by the election part? So, what could explain the gear business 
performance as of now? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, it was very much budgeted. And we have performed in fact, a little bit 
better than our budgets as well. One has to recognize that the last quarter was 
an election quarter for the country. And so, for several weeks, there was a lot 
of delays and a lot of companies and clients not accepting orders. And we had 
many clients that have just delayed. Our accounting policy is that we will only 
account for revenues once you dispatch for us. Our finished goods has 
increased and we will expect a huge catch-up to happen in Q2. This was all 
planned. I think we're very happy with both the numbers, both for the top line 
as well as on the bottom line. You can also see from the order booking 
increase. 
 
I will discourage you to look at quarter-on-quarter in this business. I think with 
engineering goods, you always find that at the end of the half, which is Q2 and 
especially Q4, a lot of companies to take advantage of depreciation, accept 
deliveries in those quarters. So, it's typically heavily skewed towards Q2 and 
Q4. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Somnath Saha from B&K 
Securities India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Somnath Saha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is regarding the distillery segment. 
Now it is evident that the margin is significantly lower when we used maize. 
And even after that, we are continuing with maize. So, I really wanted to 
understand the thought process here. I mean, talking about the other big 
players, may have admitted maize is not profitable at all. So, wanted to 
understand this, is this because you want to run the facilities or anything else 
you have in mind? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes. So again, I think I stand behind what we've said in the last few quarters. 
The maize profitability is severely dampened because of the market dynamics. 
Despite prices for the output, for the ethanol made from maize increasing, 
because you have unfettered increases in the input cost of maize, the entire 
advantage has been taken up by either the trade and some portion to the 
farmers. Farmers is the good portion, but the huge increases that have gone to 
the trade have unfortunately meant that the margin scope for ethanol 
manufacturers has been problematic. 

 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
Now, as far as we're concerned, we have co-joint facilities. The bulk of our 
distilleries are next to our sugar factories and therefore we have lower 
conversion cost, it could be fuel cost, it could be a whole host of other input 
costs being lower. But for the industry as a whole, since you asked the 
question for industry, I think maize at this point poses a huge problem. Now, 
what is the solution around it? And yes, it does. For Q2 as well we will be 
processing a large quantum. We're one of the largest maize processors in the 
nation right now at Triveni. So we can see this first-hand view of what is going 
on in the market. And honestly speaking and under this present scenario, the 
margin simply has evaporated because of the increases in input cost prices. 
Now, there have been many representations that have made to the 
Government that we need to find innovative ways of ensuring that there is 
renewed health as far as the grain opportunity is concerned. 
 
We will always be slightly better off because of our co-joint facilities with our 
sugar factories. But honestly speaking and I've seen the representations that 
have come from the Grain Manufacturers’ Association to the Government, they 
are burdened very much so, at present input prices. So, I think that in the next 
policy, I'm very hopeful that we will have some multipronged pricing strategies 
that will allow people to get back to the types of margins that we were 
experiencing earlier. 
 
And especially when we were processing FCI Rice. And you would remember 
that the margins of FCI Rice were actually very, very healthy and attractive. 
And with the State Governments having been allowed to procure rice by the 
Central Government as you are well aware, I think the availability of rice to the 
distillery sector, to the ethanol programme, I think is just a few steps away, and 
it may very well happen in the next few quarters, given the burgeoning stocks 
and given the high output of seasonal rice in the country. 
 
Somnath Saha: 
Thank you. That was my question. Also, if you can just quantify the sugarcane 
crushing numbers for the quarter and the recovery for both gross and net 
recovery for the quarter? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
You said crushing numbers for the quarter. We missed the next question. 
 
Somnath Saha: 
Yes, that was the question, the crushing numbers for the quarter and also the 
gross and net recovery? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
During the quarter we crushed 66.7 lakh quintals, as compared to 157.7 lakh 
quintals in the previous quarter. And our gross recovery was 12.35% as 
compared to 12.43% in the previous quarter.  
 
Somnath Saha: 
And the net recovery? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Net recovery was 11.41% as compared to 10.58% in the previous quarter. 
Sugar production was 7.6 lakh quintals as compared to 16.7 lakh quintals in 
the previous quarter. 
 

 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rayan Dalal from FICOM. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rayan Dalal: 
My question is on the Power Transmission and Defence business. So, are we 
on track to commission the facility expansion in December? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, the expansion in the existing facility is very much on track. In fact, I 
anticipate that this facility will be commissioned six weeks in advance. So, 
we're hoping that in the month of November itself, just after Diwali we will be 
able to commission the new gearbox facility. As far as the Defence facility is 
concerned, we've had a slippage, and we will be about a quarter late. So, 
we're looking at the commissioning of that facility in the first half of the next 
calendar year. 
 
Rayal Dalal: 
Got it. And the incremental capacity that will come on in the power business, 
could you give a sense of the end industry use and the demand growth that 
you're seeing maybe in the domestic market and maybe on an international 
level as well? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Absolutely. I'll talk about OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) segments 
and then I'll talk about industry and customer segments as well. As far as 
OEMs 
are 
concerned, 
we've 
seen 
huge 
growth 
domestically 
and 
internationally. In fact, all of our OEMs are global OEMs. And we've seen an 
enormous growth in order booking and deliveries and the future forecasts are 
for even better rates of growth from these levels. 
 
Now this covers segments such as steam turbines, it covers compressors, it 
covers the pump segment as well. The one sector, which is a little bit of a 
dampener, which has always been tiny little sector for us, given that the 
infrastructure does not really exist in India is on the gas side. So that has been 
kind of muted, but it accounts for such a small amount, it doesn't really matter. 
The three sectors that I've mentioned have been absolutely outstanding in 
terms of growth from the OEM side. 
 
Looking at the final user segments, we're seeing huge opportunities 
domestically and internationally in the API segment, so oil and gas, 
petrochemicals, across the board, both onshore and offshore are looking 
extremely exciting as far as the gearbox requirements are concerned. We're 
seeing huge developments in the mining sector as well as in cement and steel, 
both domestically and internationally. Funnily enough, the demand has been 
mirrored in export orders as what we're experiencing in India. I think the one 
sector that is where we've seen orders decline is the distillery sector in India, 
which accounted for a lot of gearboxes in the past. But distillery orders have 
stood muted. But again, it's such a tiny segment now compared to our overall 
business that it doesn’t really feature. 
 
Rayal Dalal: 
Got it. And if I may ask another question. On the Defence segment, our tie-up 
with General Electric, just wanted to know like maybe the work that we have 
done on the LM2500 engine, maybe just an idea of like how things are going 
on that end, do we expect any sort of delivery soon on that product or anything 
of that sort? 

 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So that programme is a two-decade programme. The first few orders are yet to 
even be allocated. I think as far as nomination of the order, it's already gone, 
for the core to come from GE, the assembly will happen at HAL and the 
packaging will happen at Triveni. So, we're hopeful that for the next generation 
of warships, these orders will be placed relatively soon. But our Defence 
portfolio goes well beyond just the packaging of gas turbines. 
 
We're looking at several orders in the smaller GTG space, gas turbine space, 
very excited that should be included during the course of this calendar year. 
We have several live projects. We're the only company in the country which 
builds shaft lines. And as you know, we're building shaft lines for subsea 
platforms. We're also building shaft lines for micro submarine. So, it is a whole 
spectrum. And we're anticipating several new orders there. 
 
We are doing a lot of work on gearboxes for the coast guard and the Navy. 
Orders has been won. A lot of orders on pumps for the Navy as well, and the 
products go on. So, what we have tried to do is expand our exposure for the 
mechanical equipment and tie-up where we need tie-ups, or develop 
technology where we need to develop our own in-house technology. It's a 
dual-pronged process that is centred around a Aatmanirbhar India programme. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Very good afternoon and thank you for sharing a very detailed perspective 
about the sugar sector, as it is expected to play out for the Company. Now you 
also spoke about the acquisition of Sir Shadi Lal. We already are one of the 
leading players in the game. So, some insights into the rationale for this 
acquisition, which we find is really, it's a very old plant and machinery, must be 
dilapidated. You mentioned that the sugar season was also very low. And the 
kind of price that we paid for it. So, we request for some insight into what went 
for this decision. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. Very happy to provide an answer to this question. And I'll start from your 
last question and move backwards. As far as the price that was paid for the 
shares that have been acquired, we did a valuation exercise internally and 
looked at what that asset could be worth. And I think we're very happy with the 
price that we've paid. We believe that this is going to be significantly accretive 
acquisition for the Company in the short term and definitely in the long-term. 
From a financial perspective, I can't go into the numbers in terms of payback, 
etc because that's not public information. 
 
But what I can say is the strategic part of it, which is very important. Shamli 
has possibly the best farm area and acreage in the State of Uttar Pradesh. 
They're the best. The farmers are the most loyal and have been for decades. 
Yes, there has been a blip in the last few years due to a variety of issues, 
especially the management issues and operational issues at the unit, and that 
had led to some amount of disharmony in terms of relationships with the 
farming community, but that still does not change the essence of what the 
farmers deliver. 

 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
Shamli is the factory that has had the longest season in terms of operating 
days. In my 30-year experience in the sugar industry, for the vast majority of 
years, it has the longest operating season. And the reason for that is the tie 
that they have with the farming community. We believe that we will be able to 
revive this tie immediately with the farmers. And I think we've had a very great 
success, great support from local communities as we've taken over the 
management operations from the 21st of June 2024. That's number one. 
 
Number two, the yield in Shamli is one of the highest. And that too bodes well 
for the future in terms of operating at higher capacities for the future, etc. Yes, 
it means that we will have to invest in some more capex. But we will make 
those decisions in a very prudent manner like we do, looking at returns. This is 
a demonstrated strength that we have at Triveni. We'll continue to apply the 
same science into all investments made in Sir Shadi Lal.  
 
The third important factor for this acquisition has been its close proximity to 
two of our largest factories. We buy cane from Shamli society, the cane 
society, both for our factory at Deoband and for our factory at Khatauli. So, we 
have immense knowledge and now we've been able to actually capture a more 
adjoining area and we believe that in the medium term, we will have significant 
advantages by having areas that are connected and sugar factories that are 
connected. So, there has been a huge strategic rationale besides the financial 
rationale in terms of acquisition of this company. 
 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Thank you. So, are there any plans to merge this company into the main 
corporate or how would you like to kind of take it forward? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
At this point in time, we're in the open offer process, we can't do anything. 
We're bound by the laws of the land in terms of looking at any other optionality. 
And as and when the Board decides any corporate action, we will, of course, 
intimate the stock exchanges. At this particular point in time, we're just 
interested in focusing on a quick R&M (Repair & Maintenance) programme 
that is cost-effective that we can actually have a record season at Sir Shadi Lal 
in 2024-25. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeraj Ram from Ashika 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Congratulations for the great set of numbers. My question is more focused 
towards the Water sector. Historically, we have seen payments delaying in this 
water treatment segment. So, do you see any further delays in payments going 
forward from state or central government? Or how do you think the order inflow 
is for us, is it more confined towards State Government or Central 
Government? Or are you planning to go into any HAM kind of projects? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, we are already in HAM projects. Our orders are evenly split between state 
and centre. Actually, the orders that we're expecting finalization of majority for 
the next few quarters are all state. But historically it's been set between state 
and centre. But we don't really experience any payment delays on the work 

 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
because they have very finely targeted timelines, and its performance-based 
metric, it's all gate-based payments that happen. 
 
On the O&M side, sometimes it takes an extra few days, etc, but nothing that 
is inordinate and nothing that is not expected. I wouldn't even classify that as a 
significant risk to the business. 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it. And post-budget, do you see any increase in actions going on from this 
water segment? There will be a lot of funds getting allocated for this particular 
segment going forward. So how do you see in next two to three years? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah, I think you asked a great question. I think it's outstanding, the amount of 
inquiries that have been generated post the elections. State governments, 
municipalities and the Central Government, water is playing an absolutely 
pivotal role in the infrastructure agenda of the nation. And you're absolutely 
right. So, when we look at our inquiry book and the new inquiries that have just 
come about even in the last few weeks since the elections, of course, the 
ideation has started earlier, but we're getting close to the bidding stages. We're 
seeing a huge push on all fronts and across the country, across the country is 
the most important part of this. 
 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Got it. And my last question if I can ask is, we could see a lot of players 
entering into this wastewater treatment segment. So, do you see any 
competition while bidding for the projects? Do you see any competition here? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think it's a sector that has competition across all facets of it. As far as 
wastewater is concerned, you will have a different set of players. But I think it 
is a competitive environment because it holds so much attractiveness as an 
industrial sector. You see different players from different segments. We find 
ourselves in a very unique spot of playing across segments and having our 
PQs (Pre Qualifications) across segments, which is a rarity, frankly, speaking 
for players in the Water business in India. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us for the Q1 FY 25 
earnings call of Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. I think we're at a very 
exciting point in time for across our businesses. Sugar and ethanol are 
expecting huge changes, especially from the Central Government, MSPs on 
the anvil, exports could potentially be considered in the immediate future as 
well to evacuate the stocks, the global world market price has risen recently. 
I'm quite certain we'll be able to export that good returns. 
 
As far as ethanol is concerned, I am anticipating a huge improvement in terms 
of pricing and structural improvements to ensure that both grain and 
sugarcane-based feedstocks are measured out with equal positive treatment 
over the next couple of months. Defence and gears continue to do well and I'm 
expecting orders within our Water business group in the next few weeks. So, 
it's all exciting times. I look forward to talking to you in approximately three 
months. Thank you so much. 

 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with 
published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or 
inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such inaccuracies or errors. It 
is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
