 
 
 
 
 
August 21, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNING CONFERENCE CALL – QUARTER ENDED JUNE 
30, 2024. 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated July 26, 2024, regarding intimation of earnings 
conference call, the transcript of Q1FY2025 earning conference call held on August 14, 
2024, is enclosed and same has been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.tdps.co.in. 
  
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Bharat Rajwani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporate Service  
Department                     
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 533553        
The Listing Department                               
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TDPOWERSYS                             
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY:  
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area  
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk  
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru – 562 111 India 
Tel     +91 80 229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax    +91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718 
Mail     tdps@tdps.co.in 
www.tdps.co.in 
BHARAT 
RAJWANI
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
RAJWANI 
Date: 2024.08.21 
18:27:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
“TD Power Systems Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th August 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TD Power Systems Limited - Management: 
 
 
Mr. Nikhil Kumar – Managing Director  
Ms. M N Varalakshmi – Chief Financial Officer,  
 
 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TD Power 
Systems Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. This conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as 
on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
Now I hand over the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Kumar, Managing 
Director for TD Power. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thank you once again for joining 
us today on our earnings call. I trust all of you have received our results 
and investor presentation. Now let me get into the details about the 
TDPS's financial performance for the quarter ended 30th June 2024. 
 
Our total income on a consolidated basis was INR2.77 billion versus 
INR2.24 billion, an increase of 24%. Profit after tax and other 
comprehensive income for the quarter is INR356 million, versus a profit 
of INR261 million, an increase of 36%. 
 
We continue to remain a very strong cash position of INR2.26 billion. 
Our total stand-alone income for Q1 was INR2.66 billion versus 
INR2.36 billion over the same period last year, an increase of 13%. 
EBITDA for the quarter is 17.35%, including other income, but excluding 
exceptional and treasury income. 
 
Profit after tax and comprehensive income for the stand-alone for the 
quarter is INR312 million versus a profit of INR291 million in the same 
period to the previous year, an increase of 7%. We have had a 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
temporary cost increase due to large deployment of temporary 
workmen, additional subcontracting in the quarter due to union issues. 
 
However, the situation is largely mitigated in Q2, and we will see a 
tapering and dissipating effect of this in the following quarter. Outlook 
for Manufacturing segment is INR12.15 billion, out of which INR7.88 
billion is generator and motor, INR3.94 billion is Railways, spares, and 
aftermarket business of INR0.16 billion and the Turkey business is 
INR0.17 billion. 
 
Export and deemed export business for us, for our motor and generator 
business, excluding railways, is 66%. Order inflow has increased by 
25% over the previous year as follows: Strong order inflow momentum 
continued in this quarter also, both from domestic and international 
markets. 
 
This is the highest order booking in the history of the company. It had 
an order inflow in the current year of INR2.97 billion, and the previous 
year, we had an order inflow in the same first quarter of INR2.37 billion. 
We have extremely strong growth in the export business from gas 
turbines, gas engines and also from motor. Order inflow from direct and 
deemed export is INR2.14 billion compared to INR0.87 billion in the 
previous year. Exports and deemed export order inflow is 72% of the 
total order inflow for Q1. 
 
Now I move to order book market guidance. Our market conditions, 
overall, the order inflow continues to be very, very strong from both 
domestic and exports in our motor and generator businesses. This rate 
of order inflow will support the sales guidance that we have given for 
the present year, that is, FY '25. 
 
Most likely, we expect the number to be in the region of INR1,200-plus 
crores. This is a growth of 20% in top line compared to the previous 
year. Margin growth will be faster than sales growth due to operational 
leverage. Margin growth will be in the region of 3% to 4% more than the 
sales growth. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
Now coming to order booking scenario, domestic market. Order 
booking in the domestic market in Q1 was weak. We have seen the 
slight pause during the first quarter due to the election effect. We had a 
very strong pipeline, but orders were not getting decided. 
 
Now halfway into Q2, we can see the pickup in order bookings and the 
strong uptake in the domestic order inflow. However, in the international 
market, it's just the reverse case, our ordering in Q1 was driven by big 
orders in the segment of hydro, gas turbine, gas engines as well as 
motors. 
 
The gas turbine and gas engine business is strongly driven by demand 
in oil and gas, data centers, artificial intelligence, grid stabilization 
power plants. We are also seeing big orders coming in from Ukraine for 
gas engines since war-affected country has severe power shortages. 
Both our major engine customers, gas engine customers have asked 
us to be ready for a huge increase in order volumes for next year. 
 
Hydro in Southeast Asia, Nepal, and parts of Europe continues to be 
booming with a strong pipeline of orders and inquiries. The Indian 
market is also slowly picking up, and we have some orders from 
Himachal Pradesh and Karnataka. 
 
In the Motor business, we continue to grow the business in a healthy 
rate and this year, we will definitely cross INR1 billion order inflow. In 
particular, we're getting a lot of export orders from the Middle East and 
to providing great references for us to build our business for the future. 
 
We are also executing orders for motors to be used in hazardous 
locations for the oil and gas market, which will open the door for big 
orders in the future. In general, they're concentrating on oil and gas, 
water, utility, lift irrigation, nuclear power plants and large motors 
required for fans, pumps, and compressors. 
 
In the Railway segment, we are waiting for a change in the business 
scenario in the domestic market. However, we are pursuing a number 
of exciting export opportunities, and we will come back to you after we 
have some success in this segment. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
We are close to half-way point in the financial year and so the majority 
of the incoming orders has start moving into next year, FY '26 for 
execution. Based on the order inflows that we had in Q2, we have 
reached the order bookings required to meet our targets for this year. 
Looking at the trend in pipeline, we are extremely upbeat about the 
numbers for next year. More guidance will be provided in the upcoming 
quarters. 
 
Lastly, export markets continue to be the driving force for our growth. It 
covers more products for TDPS and more geographies. We also have 
more OEMs. 
 
Some of them are giants, and we have a much larger market to address. 
While the domestic market will always be important to TDPS, much 
larger opportunities lie outside India and more sustainable demand. We 
are guiding for about 65-35 or 70-30 as seen the ratio of domestic -- 
sorry export order inflow to domestic order inflow for the next 4 to 6 
quarters. 
 
This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. I'll now be happy to 
address any queries that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Rahul Jain 
from JM Financial PMS. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have 2 questions. So at 
what capacity utilization are we trading right now? Sir I see when the 
generator supply in the last 8 quarters has been in the range of 120 to 
130 approximately. And when -- so when do we see volumes inching 
up? Or will the year be more of a realization-led growth? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I'm sorry. I think the numbers that you have are wrong. Varalakshmi, 
can you correct numbers on the total number of generators? 
Rahul Jain: 
Generator supply. Yes. 
M. N. Varalakshmi: Generator supply. I just give you the number, just a second please. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
This is not a realization-led growth. We are producing more machines... 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 6,419 generators. 
Rahul Jain: 
When I see on quarter-on-quarter basis, it has been in the range of 120 
to 130 generators supplied. 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 122 was during... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So if you see larger generators, we will have a higher value, and we 
have a lower number. So I think... 
M. N. Varalakshmi: In terms of generators. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. So I think I have answered the question. This is not a realisation 
led story. We might have produced larger machines in Q1 this year 
compared to Q1 last year and so that will have a higher value. We are 
running pretty high on capacity utilization right now. And our new plant 
will not be ready until H2 next year. Of course, we have capacity, and 
we will not let go of any orders or let go of any growth opportunities just 
because of the situation. We are doing everything to push the capacity 
utilization in order to increase capacity within the existing plants until 
the new plant is ready. At the moment, we're quite full. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, sure. Sir, my second is like, I know you have explained a few 
things very well on the demand side, but we wanted more color on the 
same. So when I see your order book breakup, analyze it over the past 
few quarters, domestic order book has been largely flat, whereas export 
order book has been scaling up quite well. So on the export side, which 
markets I am saying in the past 3, 4 quarters, and which are the markets 
you expect to see demand continue to be healthy? 
 
And on the domestic side, how is the demand shaping up for you? So 
in which product segment or which markets are you seeing good 
traction? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 As I mentioned in the earnings call speech, for us, exports present a 
much larger opportunity because we have more verticals. We are 
working in the gas engine business, gas turbine business. We are 
geothermal, then we have the traditional steam turbine, hydro, and 
we're also looking at export opportunities for traction motors outside 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
India. So definitely, for us, the export market is a much larger 
opportunity, and we are seeing more growth coming for us from these 
segments. In particular, we are seeing very, very big growth taking 
place in gas engines, gas turbines and hydro. 
 
And looking at the pipeline of orders that we have, the indication that 
has been given by the OEMs for next financial year, they have asked 
us to be ready for big number increases. So we are expecting that the 
volume of business for exports will continue to be sustainable and will 
grow significantly for next year, indicated volumes have been given to 
us to be prepared. And all I can say is that it's extremely exciting, and 
we will have extremely good growth next year also. 
Rahul Jain: 
On the domestic side? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
On the domestic side, yes, okay. So the domestic side we had a little 
bit of a drop in Q1. We are seeing the market picking up once again in 
Q2. Overall, for us, the market is not going to grow in the same -- it's 
going to grow, but it's not going to grow at the same rate at what the 
export markets have grown for us. So it's where it is. We're not losing 
any business on the domestic side, but the domestic market has to 
recover from the first quarter and then overall for the year, a recovery 
from the first quarter numbers and then show some level of growth is 
what we can expect, but it's not going to be the big growth that we're 
seeing in the international market. 
Rahul Jain: 
So we will maintain our market share in the domestic market and 
exports? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, market share is not a concern point, it is growth in the domestic 
market, which is a concern point. 
Rahul Jain: 
It's across the industry. That's it from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual 
Funds. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Congratulations. So if you can sort of break, it up into 2 parts. If you can 
talk about the strategy in the railway piece, as we head into the sunset 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
of the existing contract that we have with Alstom in terms of supplies 
over the next maybe 3, 4 years. There were expectations that they win 
some orders on the locomotive side, which have been delayed. Then 
we had this opportunity come through in terms of our traction motors. 
So where are we in the journey of either scaling up our railway business 
beyond the current INR100 crores, INR120-odd crores kind of top line. 
How should we think through of this opportunity over a 3- to 4-year 
period? That's my first question. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. Alstom has not won any order. They were L1 for the high-speed 
trains and then they – give up that order -- we knew about this 6 months 
ago, even though it was out in the news yesterday. We knew about this 
long back. There are no fresh tenders coming up for freight locomotives 
in the near horizon. So we are pursuing a number of export 
opportunities. I can say that -- all I can say at this point in time that it is 
fairly advanced, and we are very optimistic. 
 
So we are looking at the export opportunities to replace this current job 
and current order that we have and also to provide growth for us. Both 
these opportunities will be long-term contracts, it will not be for 10-year 
contracts, but it will be more in the region of 4- to 5-year contracts. We 
expect to close them in the next, I would say, 4 to 6 months' time. But 
it's going well, and we are very well placed. 
 
The second option for us is to produce motor -- traction motors for the 
Indian Railways for their production of freight and passenger 
locomotives. But as I've been mentioning in various conference calls, 
this market is extremely brutally price competitive for the past few 
quarters. And we have been largely staying away from that market 
because it does not make sense to make machines at those prices. 
 
Nevertheless, we are producing small quantities and putting them into 
the market and remaining active in that segment, not withdrawing 
completely. So our strategy is to just be active to a minimum extent and 
then once the prices recover, to go a little bit more aggressive in that 
market. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
The opportunity size is still there for that segment. It still can be INR100 
crores market for TDPS. But as I said, we really can't control the price 
war which is taking place. More realistic, I would say, is that some of 
the things we're working on right now on the export business will fruitify 
and we will be happy to announce this to the market when it does 
happen. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sure. The second question was around motors, the, Synchronous 
motors. There, if you can talk about what our development plans are. 
We did have a good FY '24 for that business, but the scale-up plan was 
going to be a lot larger. Can you talk about the progress there? And if 
you can couple that with because it is limited by question. So on the 
export gas engine side, while you mentioned the existing 2 clients have 
asked you to sort of ramp up production for next year. But we were also 
trying to crack a third OEM? And what is the progress on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
In synchronous motors, while we had a good year. Last year, this 
business is still -- it's financed by the states and the irrigation projects 
of state. Payment terms are always a question mark and something that 
we are very careful about. So we don't start projects, or we don't start 
manufacturing until we are clear about payment terms. 
 
This year, for this financial year, although we have orders, we are not 
very clear about money and so we not really starting in a big way with 
these projects. We're going to be making some motor, but it is not going 
to provide the growth that we had expected. But having said that, the 
large motor market is -- it's a big market internationally as well as 
domestically, and we don't have to worry about a drop in the 
synchronous motors business. If you say that, okay, now we have a 
problem. We don't have a problem. We have enough opportunities 
outside India as India has been making good progress, and they're 
going to build up the order book with extremely good order as I said in 
oil and gas, water utilities and also nuclear power. 
 
This continues to be a thrust, we will cross INR1 billion order booking 
this year. And I will give the guidance for next year for the motor 
business, but it's in line with our expectations, what we have projected 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
over, I think last year, when we gave predictions about the motor 
business. 
 
Coming to the gas engine business. For the gas engine customer, we 
have not been able to crack into that business. So it's -- they have 
decided to continue with the existing supplier. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pramod Dangi from Unifi 
Investment Management. 
Pramod Dangi: 
Yes. My question -- first question is on the domestic market. If you can 
throw some light on the domestic market, what is generally helping over 
here. See, we are big on the steam generators in domestic market. So 
other industry is not growing at all in terms of the captive power plant? 
Or is it that the captive power plants are growing, but they are going into 
a different technology like solar or something else? What is really 
happening over there? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
That is not happening, Pramod. I don't know. That's for sure, we cannot 
have captive power plants with wind or solar. That's definitely not taking 
place. The growth from point of view we now -- the growth has already 
taken place for the past 2 years in the domestic market, we've seen 
quite a lot of growth taking place. And so we're talking about growing 
from a much larger base. So we do expect something like, I don't know, 
8%, 10% growth in the domestic market. 
Pramod Dangi: 
Okay. Okay. But it's not like something -- it's not like -- because when 
we look at the Coal India's number, when we look at the total power 
situation in India, everybody talks about this power shortage at least in 
the last quarter. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
There is the power shortage, for sure. And industries, all greenfield 
projects are putting up captive power plants for sure with steam turbine, 
that was for sure with no other technology which is available. It's just 
that the rate is not that 20-plus percent, 25% per year. That growth rate, 
we're not seeing in the domestic market. 
Pramod Dangi: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, on the new export for the railways, you said 
that we are pursuing a few order or one order in the export market for 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
the Railways, which is expected to come maybe in 2 or 3 quarters from 
here. Is it with similar kind of OEM which we are getting today? Or is it 
in a different altogether different OEMs. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I just gave a very brief information, Pramod, and that's all I would like to 
share at this point of time. As I said, we're very optimistic and upbeat 
about being successful in this. But until we get the more information, I 
would like to keep it at this level right now. I hope you don't mind. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithoughtPMS. 
Rohit: 
Very encouraging to hear whatever is your comments on the 
opportunity that you're seeing, especially in the export markets. I just 
wanted to sort of try my luck and see what are you seeing for the next 
year? I mean this year; you are pretty confident of achieving your 
numbers. But just next year, if I can sort of get something from you for 
next year, FY '26. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think that probably we have given on an average, we have said that 
we're committing as a minimum baseline case, 17%, 18% top line 
growth so -- on a year-on-year basis and of course, the management 
goal is to exceed that. So this year maybe exceeding that number. And 
I will give guidance – the exact guidance for next year a little bit later. 
But as I said, the base case remains as the base case and the 
management's intention is to exceed those numbers to the maximum 
extent possible. 
Rohit: 
Got it. And as we do that margins from wherever we will end this year, 
you've already said margins will grow faster by 300, 400 basis points 
than revenue. So that would continue in the next year also if you are 
able to exceed this expectation? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Until we start the third plant, this will be the case. When we start the 
third plant, obviously, there'll be some very short-term setback on that. 
We won't have the same differential between the margin growth and the 
top line growth,  we'll have increased cost from the third plant. But the 
increase in volumes after a while will offset that, and we will come back 
to that trend. So except for that short, maybe 1 year or so period, third 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
plant will be ramping up. That is what I think for that particular for 2-year 
3-year perspective, it will be able to start delivering once again on that 
promise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suhrid Deorah from Paladin 
Capital. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Congratulations. It's been an excellent performance. I just wanted to 
understand with the new plant coming online, what will be the maximum 
revenue you can achieve all put together. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
At this point, we are talking something like INR1,700 crores, INR1,800 
crores. But once we have that plant like we have done for the existing 
plants, we'll find ways to push that to the maximum possible, maybe 
even past INR2,000 crores when we come to that stage. But right now, 
the plan is to take it to INR1,700 crores, INR1,800 crores to the third 
plant. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
And you wouldn't -- I mean, I guess we indicated timeline to hit that 
number about 2 years from now. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I have given the guidance to the very -- a little while ago. Rohit asked 
my questions about a question about the top line growth. I've given my 
thoughts about the baseline case. And -- of course, the goal of the 
management is to always exceed that base line case. And based on 
that, we can do the quick calculation, and then you can see how many 
years it takes to get to that number. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Got it. And recently, there was some news of about some findings about 
strikes of the plant. Could you just tell us if there's any impact 
meaningful to talk about [inaudible]. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. The union has given a strike notice on the 3rd of June. And we as 
management, prepared ourselves that if the union goes on strike that 
we would need to find a way to run the factory. We got an injunction 
order from the court that allow us to keep the factory open when they 
were on strike. And the union was barred from interfering with the 
operational activities and movement of people, materials, etcetera. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
So based on that, we prepared ourselves by hiring temporary people 
and getting prepared for the eventuality that they will go on strike 
because once union goes on strike, then by law, you're not allowed to -
- you are prevented from hiring temporary workmen from that point of 
time onwards. So whatever you have to do, you have to do it before 
they actually go on strike. 
 
Now they have not gone on strike. The strike notice is valid for 6 weeks. 
So the 6 weeks' time has expired, but it was given on June 3. They have 
not given a fresh strike notice. There continues to be a migration of 
people out of the union and who have accepted the terms what the 
management has set. There's been a steady trickle or steady flow of 
people who are coming out of the union and accepting our offer. 
 
We expect that the steady flow or steady trickle will continue for some 
time and then it may reach a point where it may just simply increase 
because the other option for the union is that this dispute or raised 
settlement will go to the court, labour court. And once it goes to the 
labour court, nobody can expect a resolution for at least 3 to 5 years. 
And we don't want that, and certainly they don't want it. So I think in the 
next 2, 3 months or so, there will be a resolution to this matter. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
My questions are on the lines of what you've been alluding to earlier on 
export growth being stronger. Your order book INR1,200 crores, I don't 
know if I had this split here. Is it 70% of this also exports? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. So you have to take out the Railway business which is right now 
INR3.94 billion and the rest is the motor, generator business. And that 
pending order book is 66% export. The order inflow for the first quarter 
was 72%. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
[inaudible…] So is like the company is turning to go to export markets? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
What we see right now is that we're seeing a very extraordinarily high 
demand coming from gas turbine generators, gas engine generators 
and hydro. Very, very high demand, very, very high pipeline of jobs. And 
I mean, some of the numbers that we are talking about are really, really 
big for next year. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
So the growth for the company is definitely going to come in these 
segments. Then we have called steam turbine which is growing. 
Geothermal is so growing for us in the domestic market, which is 
growing but it's not growing at the rate at which our export markets are 
growing. So therefore, the ratio was going to get more skewed towards 
export for us, although the domestic market is also growing. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
I have a question. I'm asking from a position of ignorance. Europe was 
connected, so Ukraine would have been connected to Russian piped 
gas sources. Post to war, I'm guessing those pipelines are now closing, 
we are trying to get alternative sources. So is that already in place, 
whether you're getting supplied gas from different locations, and they 
are now using your turbines to generate power? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I'm not sure where they are getting the gas from. It could be getting the 
gas also from LNG terminals, which were installed in Europe that they 
get gas from. But whatever it is, there is a huge demand for gas turbine 
and gas engine power plants right now from the Ukraine. The basic 
powering structure has been destroying and they need electricity badly 
and a lot of it. So we have seen from our OEM customer indications of 
large orders coming in from Ukraine. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision 
Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sir, first, a clarification. Did you say that the third plant is coming in '26 
H2? I thought we were expecting it in... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It could be FY '26, H2, yes. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Has it been delayed by... 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Next year, September -- next year, October, so we will be 
commissioning, September-October we will be commissioning the 
plant. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Has that been delayed. Were we earlier expecting it in H2 of this year? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, it's delayed by about 3 months. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Also, any update on the tie-up that we've done with BRUSH earlier last 
year, what kind of orders inflow we are seeing on that? And how big can 
that become? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So while the potential for that still remains exciting, the base at which it 
is growing is not something that I am happy with, or my team is happy 
with. The potential to remain large and will remain large, but large 
companies -- working with large companies, there's a lot of inertia and 
it just takes a longer time. So we're going to give it that time. It's still that 
the potential for that opportunity is there. It's not going -- it's not gone 
away. But we need quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year growth and the 
numbers, then we need to get -- it's not happening there, then we need 
to find other ways to grow and that's what we're doing. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
What kind of order inflow we have seen from them YTD? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I don't give individual customer order inflow numbers, I'm sorry. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sure, I understand. Next, I wanted to understand you've been 
mentioning in the call that we're seeing good demand from the 
international market. But with the rise in freight cost, how we are seeing 
that? Can that impact our margins temporarily? Container unavailability. 
Can that impact our execution? Any thoughts or color that you would 
like to share? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
With the problem in the shipping industry? 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think transit times are a little bit longer and we are factoring that into 
our delivery times with our customers? People are asking us to cut our 
delivery sometimes in 1 or 2 weeks, and that's not a big deal. We can 
do that and that's what we are doing. I don't -- we don't see shipping 
costs. I mean they might have gone up, but we don't see them growing 
to the level that it was in the past post-COVID. So I think there's a lot of 
supply of container capacity coming into the market, which is keeping a 
check on prices. But we're not really -- we're not seeing any concern in 
this area at the moment. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So the increase in freight cost currently is not alarming for TDPS? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Most of our contracts are ex-post contracts for us. So we are not paying 
for this freight cost. Most of our customers have long-term shipping 
contracts with the shipping lines, where they negotiate for price stability. 
So we're not seeing them coming back to us and saying that it's become 
uncompetitive for us to ship from India. And we're not hearing this from 
anybody as yet. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. Last question, any comments on revival in Turkey. We 
were hoping that may be this year things can pick up? Is there any sign 
of that or at one point we were considering shutting that plant 
altogether? Any thoughts there? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, we have filed the termination notice with the -- with our to shut 
shop over there temporarily to pack all our equipment and leave it on 
standby in a warehouse. So that plan is now in motion. There are 
opportunities which are available in the market for some orders, but it's 
too small for us to think of keeping a factory open just for some small 
business. So we are -- we'll probably make those machine from India 
and ship if from India. So at the moment, the decision is to put 
everything, all our equipment into a warehouse and then wait for some 
time. But in effect, it means that we are suspending operations, not 
closing, but suspending operations. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And just one last clarification of the third plant, capex still 
continues to be INR120 crores or any revision in that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, INR120 crores plus/minus around that number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan from Suyash 
Advisors. 
Karthi Keyan: 
A couple of questions. One would be on the gas engines and gas 
turbine of course. Would you know the final destination for these? You 
mentioned Ukraine as one of the areas. So can you talk about very 
strong orders for next year? Would you be aware of the destination? 
Geographical destination? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Generally, you can say that the machines are going to go into Australia, 
U.K., Argentina, U.S. market and Ukraine generally. That's why I would 
say a big demand is going to be there, where we could say, probably 
50%, 60% of demand is going to come from these 5, 6 countries. And 
the rest is going to be from all over the world. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And given that you expect a substantial increase in volumes for next 
year, would you be upping your investments in automation because 
that's one of the points you highlighted when the plant, has it happened 
also. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, no, no. We are not changing our investment plan. We are going to 
flog the assets right now that we have in current 2 plants, we'll add 
maybe the night shifts, and we will find a way to not to lose a single 
order and produce more from the same 2 plants. And then once the 
third plant is up and running, then we will have some relief in terms of -
- for the current 2 plants. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Yes. If you will allow to ask you a slightly ticklish question. Given the 
labor issues, both in terms of the strike as well as all the political 
launches around, how do you think about -- and of course, the inflation 
aspect, how exactly do you think about this problem, say, in the near 
term and a relatively longer-term basis? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Look, I think that a wage negotiation has to be -- there is always the 
question of give and take. And there are 25 years of industrial peace in 
our with very, very good relationships with the union. Now unfortunately, 
this time, we have a very militant group of people who are demanding 
something which is very, very unrealistic. We had a number of rounds 
of conciliation with the Deputy Labor Commissioner and Assistant 
Labour Commissioner in Karnataka to resolve the issues and the 
feedback that we have, the offer that we have made is very -- already 
very generous. 
So I have no doubt that what we're offering from a financial perspective 
is generous and it is a balance between keeping our expectations of the 
workmen and also keeping a reasonable balance on the salary 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
increases and the capability of the company to pay has always focus 
on which we have approached this thing. 
 
And that also does not work for workers' salaries, it also works for 
management salaries. We have to use the same kind of balancing act 
when it comes to management salaries, where we have to expect, 
balance expectations of the people with the ability to pay and the 
financial performance of the company. 
 
So I'm also looking at medium, short term, medium and long term, which 
way its direction is, what is the flow of the graph basically. We will find 
a solution because basically, the financial package is generous. So we 
will find a solution. And I said there is a trickle of people who are -- every 
week who are moving away from the union and joining us and taking 
the package. So it's over a period of time, this will just -- it will fall apart, 
fundamentally, because the financial package is good. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Okay. And the reservations kind of thing becomes a headache. How do 
you think about that aspect? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't think that we are subject to reservations. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Okay. Okay. Last quick question is it coming from how... 
Moderator: 
Sorry for interruption. May we request you to return to the question 
queue. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I'll take the last question. It's okay. Go ahead. 
Karthi Keyan: 
I was asking you about the retrofit opportunity [inaudible…] 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's a part of the overall market plan, the retrofit opportunity, and it's a 
part of the business plan. Nothing exceptional. I don't think it is anything 
exceptional, something to talk about right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one question from me. 
Sir, so would you know which are the end market industries that are 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
driving the strong demand for gas turbines and gas engine generators 
in the exports market? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I just answered this question. The last question was just this, but I'll 
repeat it too once again for you. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: Yes, apart from the Ukraine. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. I just mentioned the four of other countries, but I will again do it for 
your benefit. I had said it will be... 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: No, not the countries, like the application of the machine which is used 
in. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Application? 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: Yes. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The application would be based on power generation, for example, in 
Ukraine would be basically based for power generation. And I would 
say, in some countries would be grid stabilization where you need to 
have these gas engines coming into the grid when there is a drop of 
renewable power generation, then for grid stabilization you need to 
have hundreds of megawatts of power coming instantly on to the grid. 
That would be one major application. 
 
Then third major application, what we're seeing is power -- basic power 
and backup power for data centers which are mainly driven by the 
artificial intelligence in investments taking place by -- taking place in 
America. And that will obviously spread over to other countries where 
people would want to have -- the countries would like to have their own 
data centers in their own countries versus we completely depend on the 
U.S. for also data storage, so this will continue for many years to come. 
And when there is emergency power. So these are the main 
applications for the work in gas engine turbine generators. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: So it looks like kind of a structural demand for a few years, right, not like 
onetime demand? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. Definitely. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: And sir, sir, on... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Ukraine would be, as dictated, few years, it is not going to be a huge 
demand for the next 10 years at this rate, but at least 2,3 years. And 
then this will shift to something else. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: Right. And sir, does we still have application in the core industries? And 
are you seeing demand from the core industries in business? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Which country you're talking about? 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: Mix of oil and gas, refineries, steel, does your product goes into -- like 
your end-product goes into those applications? And are you seeing 
demand from those markets? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
In India? 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: No, global. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay, may be you can answer this question, please if you are there? 
Vinay, are you on the call? My colleague Vinay Hegde. Okay, I don't 
think he's on the call. So in India, definitely, the base of all the industries, 
steel, cement, refinery, everyone requires pay-for-power from steam 
turbines and that's where the demand is definitely coming from. 
 
Internationally, the demand for steam turbine generators is not -- is 
more from the point of view of renewables. So we see waste heat 
recovery, garbage burning plant, biomass power plants, it is waste heat 
recovery. And that's where the demand is coming from an international 
perspective and wherever process plant requires steam for the process 
like paper manufacturing, something like that, then you would need to 
have steam turbine generators. So that's the industrial application from 
an international perspective. India is all over the place because captive 
power is require for powering of the industrial complex itself. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Praveen Prakash Motwani from Bank 
of India Mutual Fund. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Sir, I have 1 -- sorry, I joined a little late. So what is our guidance for 
revenue guidance and margin guidance for this year and '26? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We have given a revenue guidance of INR1,200 crores. We have not 
given the margin guidance. 
Praveen Motwani: 
And sir, for '26? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We had said that the margin -- we said the revenue growth will be 
around 20%, and we said that the margin growth will be 3% or 4% 
above the revenue growth. This is what we said. 
Praveen Motwani: 
So margins would be maintained, right? What numbers that... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I said the margin growth would be 3% or 4% more than the revenue 
growth. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Understood. Okay. Correct. And sir, one more question is if I see your 
consol number, you have reported close to around 32% PAT growth 
year-on-year. But on the stand-alone number, the number is more or 
less like not grown to that much. So what is the reason? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. So I think I really have to -- since you joined later -- we would really 
have to go back and repeat what I've already said 2, 3 times. So I would 
prefer to answer your question offline. I'd be happy to answer your 
questions once again after this call. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, my questions have been answered. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pramod Dangi from Unifi 
Investment Management. 
Pramod Dangi: 
My earlier question was answered. The other question which I had was 
on the LNG. We were in the previous some call, we have spoken about 
the LNG opportunity in the U.S. and Europe. And a lot of capex 
happening over there. Any update on that? Were we able to tie up with 
the OEM? And how do we see this? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The product qualification is still going on in certain parts of the market, 
Pramod. We are getting some business for TDPS generators in this 
market. But the growth in this particular segment is, as I said a little bit 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
earlier, depends on our relationship with the multinational company, 
which we have tied up with. It's not happening at the speed at which we 
earlier thought. The opportunity is still very large and still is there, but it 
may take -- it will take a little bit longer time, but it is there, for sure. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last 
question for today's call. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you for joining us on the conference call. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to get in touch with the Investor Relations 
team. I look forward to meeting many of you next week over various 
investor conferences which are taking place in Mumbai. I look forward 
to a face-to-face interaction with many of you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of TD Power Systems Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
