GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED
ffi
Fertilizernagar - 391 750. Vadodara, Gujarat, INDIA.
CIN : 199999CJ1962P1C001121
NO.SEC/SE/TRANS/2024
l2th August,2024
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub.: Transcrint of the Investor Con
held on Tuesday.6th Ausust.2024
We refer our submission vide letter dated 30tr' J,u|y,2024, wherein the intimation was made that the Conference
Call with Analysts is scheduled on 6th August , 2024 from 3:30 PM IST.
We are enclosing a copy of the transcription of Conference Call. The aforesaid information is also disclosed on the
website of the company at wwrv.gsfclimited.cun.
Kindly take note of the above.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd.,
Nidhi Pillai
Company Secretary &
Vice President (Legal)
Membership No.: Al5l42
E-rnai I : investolsi?)gsfbltcl.corn
Encl.: a/a
Ph. : (O) + 91 -265-2242451, 2242651, 22427 51, 2242641
Fax: +91-265-2240966-2240119 o Email:ho@gsfcltd.com . Website:www.gsfclimited.com
lS0 9001, lS0 14001, lS0 45001 & F0 50001 Gertified Gompany
\?
The Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Lirnited
1st Floor, New Trading Ring
Rotunda Bldg., P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Fort, MUMBAI - 400 001
SCRIP CODE: 500690
The Manager, Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
'Exchange Plaza', Cll, Block G
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), MUMBAI - 400 051
SYMBOL: GSFC
n..9o!5lbb etr.'
Nidhi 
Pillai
Digitally signed by Nidhi Pillai 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=431005, 
l=Aurangabad, st=Maharashtra, street=D-402 Ulka nagri, 
Garkheda, Aurangabad, Aurangabad Maharashtra India- 
431005- Near Sant Eknath Hospital, title=2478, 
2.5.4.20=24d687c6f2468f7f7374c11de411b2244565f28b
62e141c1302c8a862ae7f0d6, 
serialNumber=63f90854491d7703e944f18952481d557da
b34868885430561e699f882871e40, 
email=nidhi.pillai@gsfcltd.com, cn=Nidhi Pillai 
Date: 2024.08.12 15:12:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S.K. BAJPAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZER & CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. S.V. VARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AGRIBUSINESS AND 
HUMAN RESOURCES – GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZER & CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANUJ HALAKHANDI – ANURAG SERVICES LLP 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Gujarat State 
Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 2 of 17 
 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Halakhandi from Anurag 
Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Halakhandi: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the first quarter earnings 
conference call for Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited. The 
call is hosted by Anurag Services LLP. Present from the management 
team are Mr. S.K. Bajpai, Senior Vice President, Finance and CFO; and 
Mr. S.V. Varma, Executive Director Agribusiness and HR, along with 
other senior dignitaries. We appreciate the management for granting us 
the opportunity to host this call. 
Let's begin with the management's opening remarks followed by a 
question-and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Okay. So good afternoon to all, and welcome to the earnings conference 
call of GSFC for quarter 1 2024-'25. I hope that you have reviewed our 
results, and the other presentations uploaded on our website and the 
stock exchanges. 
As you know, the company experienced a significant rebound from the 
subdued results of previous quarter, posting increase in PBT from 
INR23 crores to INR118 crores and taking PAT from INR21 crores to 
INR93 crores in the current quarter. This increase is attributed to a robust 
fertilizer volume of 4.46 lakh metric tons in current quarter and the 
optimization of product mix at Sikka Unit in accordance with cost 
economics of raw material prices and subsidiary rates. 
During the quarter, we partially switched from DAP to APS and NPK 
production at our Sikka Unit. In current quarter, we have achieved the 
second highest sales in last 15 years, first quarter, that is INR2,144 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 3 of 17 
 
crores. Fertilizer sales increased by 7% in value terms on Y-o-Y basis 
and fertilizer sales volume witnessed growth of 30%, though the 
margins were under pressure. We anticipate that this trend will persist 
in future also. 
The acceleration of Kharif cultivation has been facilitated by the 
favourable rainfall that is being experienced this year. Improved 
seasonal prospects are expected to maintain the robust demand for 
fertilizers during forthcoming quarters. You may be aware that the 
government reduced the subsidy outlay for fertilizers approximately 
13% in the current year budget against the previous fiscal. 
However, government has been very prompt in releasing the subsidy. 
For P&K fertilizers as well as urea, we have received subsidy up to the 
first week of July. The same is reflected in our cash flow, as you know 
that we are a debt-free company with a strong balance sheet and healthy 
liquidity. 
Subsidiary rates for P&K fertilizers are significantly reduced during 
October 2023. The trend has persisted for DAP and AS while APS and 
NPK have experienced a modest increase. Contrary to this, the prices of 
basic materials have not reduced in the same proportion. While 
ammonia prices have decreased, PA prices remained steady at $850 per 
metric ton. Further, Benzene and NG prices have actually increased on 
Y-O-Y and quarter-over-quarter basis. 
The company plans to follow production with mix of DAP and non-DAP 
products at Sikka Unit to optimize costs and maximize sales. Although 
caprolactam and nylon 6 were subjected to annual shutdown in quarter 
1 current financial year, industrial product output remained consistent. 
In IP segment, domestic prices remained subdued due to dumping of 
cheap Chinese caprolactam, melamine and basic nylon 6. Capro-
benzene spread on Y-o-Y basis reduced from $730 per metric ton to 
$582 per metric ton. Nevertheless, we anticipate that overall Industrial 
Products turnover is likely to grow as compared to the current quarter. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Project details are also uploaded on our website. All projects are 
progressing well as per the schedule except few months delay in HX 
Crystal Project and Urea Revamping Project. However, we will be 
commencing HX Crystal, Sulphuric Acid Project and Urea Revamping 
Project up to the end of this financial year. Full year impact on turnover, 
margins will be seen in the next financial year. 
So with these opening remarks, we can now start the question-and-
answer session, please. 
Nirav: 
I have a few questions. So first is, in the last interaction in the last con 
call, you have mentioned that for the ammonium sulphate fertilizer, we 
have to offer some discounts. And that was because of the leaner season. 
And on the top of it, from April onwards, government has also increased 
the subsidies. 
 
So if can help us explain whether those discounts of INR2,000 per ton, 
which we have offered last quarter was withdrawn and there was a 
normalized pricing and over and above that, that INR15 increase in the 
subsidy would have helped us in terms of the improved performance? 
And along with it, if you can also help us explain that was the improved 
performance because of some benefits coming to us in terms of the raw 
materials, especially the natural gas was converting to ammonia? 
Management: 
Yes. So as far as ammonium sulphate is concerned, the increase in 
subsidies with effect from 1st April is very minimal. I mean this is on the 
-- I think there is no increase in -- only in the NPK and APS, there is 
increase in subsidy in April. So there is no increase in the ammonium 
sulphate. 
 
And as you know, the DAP and other NPK grades of fertilizer is not 
having that favourable margin and contribution. So most of the fertilizer 
companies are now scouting for the ammonium sulphate. Only in India, 
we have only 2 producers, GSFC and FACT, but they have a certain 
import these fertilizers companies are meeting, and they are selling it in 
the open market. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
So as far as discount is concerned, Mr. Varma our marketing head will 
focus on this. Nirav, yes, see the market of ammonium sulphate last time 
what we indicated a discount of INR2,000 per metric ton has been 
softened a little bit because we wanted a change in MRP also of the 
product based on the cost of production. So some sales got reduced to 
certain extent based on that thing. 
 
However, again, this first quarter is the lean season. It mainly starts in -
- at end of June or July for pushing of the sales. So for placement, we 
have to offer discounts. As Mr. Bajpai has stated, there is no change in 
the subsidy of ammonium sulphate, but there's slight increase in subsidy 
of APS but reduction in subsidy of DAP. 
 
So market has diverted towards NPK fertilizers like APS mostly. And 
this time, as we pointed out the -- our sales of the APS were the highest 
because at Sikka we could produce APS, NPK at capacity levels due to 
availability of raw material, economics and demand also in the market. 
But in case of DAP, it was a lesser capacity because of economics -- this 
thing and raw material because you need higher phosphoric acid for 
DAP. So it is constant many times because we are 100% depended on 
the import. 
Nirav: 
Correct. Correct. So sir, like if we consider in terms of the ammonia 
what we produce through the natural gas vis-a-vis the imported 
ammonia where the government uses that benchmark for the subsidy 
calculation, has our cost of production of ammonia fallen this quarter? 
Or if you can get us, explain what was our average cost of natural gas 
for Q1? And what was it for Q4? 
Management: 
See, just one thing before Mr. Bajpai answers. In case of phosphoric 
acid, we have NPS rates, so in case of urea, it's not the NPS rates. So 
cost of ammonia really impacts on the NPK fertilizers mainly like DAP, 
APS and other fertilizers. In case of Sikka, we are importing ammonia. 
So this question doesn't come. It comes only in case of Baroda unit 
where we have a capacity of NPK production compared to Sikka. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
So as you see, the natural gas prices are increased 6% on Y-o-Y basis. 
And in case of urea, the whole natural gas prices are passed through. So 
there is hardly any impact on the margins of the company. Very little 
ammonia goes to the -- in the production of melamine through urea and 
in the caprolactam. So that much increase or that much impact of the 
increase in natural gas is not seen in our total profitability. 
Nirav: 
Is it possible to give us the exact amount of our natural gas cost per SM3 
this quarter? 
Management: 
I think it is INR45 per SM3 in the current quarter. 
Nirav: 
Okay, okay. Sir, if we see our entire basket of fertilizer, let's say, 
sulphate and ammonium sulphate phosphate, DAP, NPK and the urea, 
what broad range of per ton margins we should work with, let's say, for 
ammonium sulphate and ammonium sulphate phosphate as a basket 
NPK and DAP put together and, let's say, for the urea? Let's say if we 
segregate between these 3 divisions or 3 subsegments, what sort of per 
ton margins we should work with? Or what the current level of margins 
what we are earning from these key subsegments? 
Management: 
We're talking about the average margins, it is nearly INR2,000 to 
INR2,500 per metric ton. However, as I told that in the DAP, there is no 
margin available, even the contribution is in negative, so in other 
fertilizers, the average margin we are running INR2,000 to INR2,500 
per metric ton. 
Nirav: 
Okay. Similar is the case for urea also there because of the under 
recovery of fixed cost, the margins are lesser? 
Management: 
Yes, in the urea, the margins are really lesser because of the higher 
energy consumption by the GSFC and there is some penalty also 
attached to it. So in urea, the margins are lesser than this. 
Nirav: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, when we will ramp up our phosphoric acid 
production along with the sulphuric acid plant where our dependency on 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 7 of 17 
 
imports would start reducing? Would it be safe to assume that like before 
3, 4 years when the margins were good, we used to produce around 7 
lakh tons of DAP plus NPK put together. So once this plant is -- plant 
will be commissioned on -- the margins which are currently, let's say, 0 
to negative for DAP, would start giving us the positive margins and 
along with it, we will also see the volumes of DAP, NPK also picking 
up, your take on the same? 
Management: 
Nirav, see, there we have two manufacturing facilities, one at Baroda 
and one at Sikka. In case of Baroda, we have our own phosphoric acid 
plant and one sulphuric acid plant, which is running at capacity, and we 
are able to produce required phosphoric acid at smaller plants. In case 
of Sikka, we are still dependent on imports. We are working on the 
project, but it's not an immediate thing. It will be a short-term basis, two 
to three years' time gap. 
Nirav: 
Okay. So that plant, which you have highlighted in the investor 
presentation also, in terms of our phosphoric acid capacity of 198,000 
tons and sulphuric acid of 594,000 tons, that would take two to three 
years to get commissioned. Is it where I should interpret it on? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for a very detailed opening remark also that answers many 
of the questions. Sir, when we read about this outlook part in your 
investor presentation, you have mentioned about market anticipation of 
increase in NBS subsidy. And thereby, we are accumulating sufficient 
inventory of DAP for the forthcoming Rabi season. So if you could just 
explain to us on how are the margins going to be affected by this 
strategy? And if I'm not mistaken, you mentioned that we had negative 
margin for selling DAP for this quarter, sir? 
Management: 
Yes. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So how will this work out for us? And what should be then the optimum 
number going ahead for DAP in terms of margin profile? 
Management: 
Actually, there are three production lines in the Sikka unit. One is 
producing DAP and which we cannot change. And other two lines are 
interchangeable, either we can produce NPK, APS or DAP. So now 
presently, we are producing only one -- in one line, DAP and in other 
two lines APS and NPK. So we have not stopped the production of DAP 
because of this little negative contribution because at any time, there is 
buzz going around that the DAP subsidy may increase a little bit. 
And also in the interest of the market, we cannot stop the DAP because 
DAP is in good demand and there is a lot of pressure from the 
government side also to make DAP available to the farmers. And GSFC 
like company will never see only the profit motive, we produce and 
make available the required fertilizers to the farmers. So we have never 
stopped the DAP or never stopped the DAP actually. Now the season 
has started, and we have placed these material on the market. Now as 
soon as the rain -- now the rain has started, and the farmers will come to 
the shop, and we will start selling the products where this is available. 
Management: 
Mr. Kapoor, just to answer your specific question, how do you think 
about the NPS rate. If you see there -- on the archives there was news 
about increasing the subsidy by INR3,500 per metric ton for DAP. And 
from the government, still notification is awaited. With this increase in 
the NBS rate, DAP will not be negative. It will be just breakeven. So 
whatever we have been done is right for the farmer community and we 
are using a mixed approach for producing APS, NPK and DAP, all three 
at Sikka Unit. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, can you quantify the impact of -- the negative impact it has for the 
quarter, the DAP sale on the bottom line? And then, sir, if you could 
give some color on the raw material basket, how are those shaping up 
going ahead? 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Management: 
I think in the current quarter, we see that there is a dent in the bottom 
earning amounting to INR42 crores approx. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So this will be negative for the next quarter? 
Management: 
Yes, negative. 
Management: 
Negative. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, you mentioned about some energy efficiencies loss due to some 
lower energy efficacy, we have to pay some fine also for the Urea unit. 
So can you quantify that amount also? 
Management: 
No, amount is difficult to quantify because it has only provisioned that 
35% penalty this year. They will impose and we have already requested 
the government to reduce it up to the level what it was earlier 30%. But 
let us see how the government reacts. And we are already putting 
INR450 crores for revamping of Urea II plant. So this will be 
commissioned in this end of the financial year only. 
So we are representing the government that this is the last year so don't 
penalize this further. And anyway, we are putting this capital outlay of 
INR450 crores for this purpose only. So there is no reimbursement from 
the government for this investment. So I think they will consider our 
case. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, sir. Like you said, you have done a provision. So we have made the 
provision to the P&L route only? 
Management: 
No, there is no provision made. I have not made any provision for this 
penalty. So it will -- when it will come, then we'll decide. But in our 
system, that is already inbuilt whatever the energy consumption is there. 
So higher energy consumptions means the higher cost of production. So 
it is passed through by the government. 
Saket Kapoor: 
It will be? 
Management: 
Passed through by the government, I think. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So we will be receiving back all the under-pricing, which what 
we have done for -- the entire subsidy will be released to us or there will 
be some dent on sales of urea on account of this energy norms that 
specification not been matched? 
Management: 
Our energy consumption, even after kind of taking into consideration 
the penalty, is lesser than that. So over -- if you look at in the contract, 
we get from the government a saving margin also because if we say that 
after the penalty, done not becomes 6.74. And if we are at 6.6, that's 0.1 
also we get it. I'm just giving you a hypothetical example. So we get 
savings from the FICC also. So, there is no impact with respect to the 
penalty. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So sir, I just got confused. And if there is no reason for that 
escalation, then why is it -- why are we discussing about the fact that we 
were looking for waiving of the penalty going ahead? Can you just 
explain once again, sir? I mixed it up? 
Management: 
It's not about waiving of the penalty we are just requesting about because 
earlier the penalty percentage was lesser. So they have increased it. So 
we were just asking them to keep it at the same level what it was earlier. 
But the point which I -- there's two points this year, I think. The one is 
that even after considering the penalty which the government have put 
in, we end up in the – the GCAL figure which comes up is lesser than 
what after penalty that GCAL government put so far. That's the one 
point. 
The second is with respect to coming of the new plant of the urea which 
is preventing and that will automatically reduce -- automatic in the test 
after making this effort to reduce our energy consumption, so that 
penalty issues would go up. So these are the two different points which 
you are missing. 
Saket Kapoor: 
One suggestion. In the presentation in slide number 5 and 6, so therein, 
we have given the capro-benzene trend also and the key input cost 
movement. So, this is a very important data. If we could provide it in a 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 11 of 17 
 
tabular manner, that would suffice much better than the graphical part 
because there's a color mingling. And the one -- to get the numbers 
correctly, we have to get it on a tabular form. So, if I request if the key 
input cost movement can be put on a tabular basis on a comparative 
quarter-on-quarter basis, that will be helpful. 
Management: 
Noted. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And last point, sir, just to get an understanding. Mr. Nanavaty is not 
present in the call. Any key reasons? 
Management: 
He's retired from the service of the company, and I am S K Bajpai has 
taken over the role as the CFO of this company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, may I ask some more questions about the industrial chemicals 
segment and then join the queue? 
Management: 
Yes, yes, please. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on the performance for industrial chemicals, that looks much 
depressed. And also with the Chinese import, part of the story getting 
momentum. The story going ahead for us in the industrial chemical 
looks bleak only, sir, going ahead? 
Management: 
It is -- presently, if you see the whole chemical industry internationally, 
it's sluggish and not very effective. So as you are seeing that in our 
presentation also, the capro-benzene spread accounts down from 
INR730 crores to INR673 crores, then INR582 crores, then INR695 
crores, and presently, it is around INR582 crores. One good thing is there 
that in the July, it has improved a little, and it has gone up to INR638 
crores, but there is hardly any impact of this increase. And we are still 
having a negative contribution. 
But we are seeking some new step for -- to tackle the situation that we 
are putting one HX Crystal plant, as you might have seen in our 
presentation. Yes, it is manufactured from the derivative from the 
caprolactam. And by this way, our old caprolactam having capacity of 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 12 of 17 
 
20,000 metric tons will not produce there, and we will be diverting it to 
HX Crystal plant. So there, the profitability and margins are quite good. 
So it will improve the IP segment. 
The second thing what we are thinking is that we are importing the 
cheaper Anone and trial has already been done an we are using imported 
Anone, in place of producing the higher Anone cost from the benzene 
because benzene prices have been risen like anything, there is 13% 
increase on Y-o-Y basis. So that's two step presently, we are taking, and 
I hope that there will be some impact on the next quarter or up to half 
year also remaining this year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, what would be the capex we will be spending on the project, 
the crystal? 
Management: 
So in this year, we will be capitalizing the project amounting to 
INR1,000 crores. Three plants are under the capitalization or in this 
particular financing year only. One is HX Crystal plant. Then second is 
sulphuric acid. That is subject to plant of the sulphuric acid. We are 
looking for putting at Fertilizernagar. Third one is the urea revamping. 
And fourth one is power -- solar power plant. This solar power at 
Charanka, solar power plant, urea and sulphuric acid it will increase 
efficiency or reduce the cost of the company because it is capital 
consumed. Our HX Crystal project plan, that will be produced at -- that 
will produce HX Crystal, and it will be sold in the market. It will 
generate INR100 crores revenue and a good amount of margin. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For this HX Crystal project, what are the capex next year? And how 
much we will out this INR1,000 crores... 
Management: 
INR100 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We are spending INR100 crores. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the turnover will be also onetime? 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Management: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And this is a downstream product for Caprolactum? 
Management: 
Value-added product. It is forward integration of the Caprolactum chain. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And other than that, about the Melamine part and other chemicals, 
industrial chemical basket, there also the same trend continues? I think 
the lion's share is from Caprolactam, the revenue profile for IP. If you 
could give us some understanding of the various products. 
Management: 
Various product is Melamine. But Melamine is also not doing great. And 
there is a lot of cheap materials coming from the -- China. So we are not 
getting much of the margins in the Melamine, and we have sold on a lot 
of discount to meet the IPP base price of the Melamine. So overall, IP 
product or the IP segment this year, if you see the segment, we have 
reported INR4 crores loss in the IP segment. So there is hardly any 
margin available in the product, and that's why we are taking such an 
innovative step to cut down the cost and make the IP segment profitable. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And lastly, sir, for this Nylon-6 part also. 
Management: 
Nylon-6 there are 2 compounding lines, and we are doing the 
production. However, the imported Nylon-6, as I told, from the China is 
cheaper than the -- our production for Lactam and then the basic chips. 
So we are also importing the Nylon-6 kit basically and mixing it with 
our chips and making the various chips in the compounding line. So that 
will again reduce the cost for this chips, and it will provide a better 
margin and the contribution. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, we are providing volume performance, by the site, we can also 
foresee the turnover also. That will give an understanding how the 
realizations have been for the quarter and the comparative number? 
Management: 
We have provided collectively sales and sales value and the quantum of 
sales also. If you see our Slide number 4, you will see production and 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 14 of 17 
 
sales. So this is the quantum of the product, the quantum of the quantity 
produced and sales.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. But I'm looking at the realization part also, sir. You are 
providing volume metric part. But on the realization front, if you look at 
the capital at term sales of, say, closer to 14,000, how much has been 
our realization and the comparative number, that would give us an 
indication of what are the current realization. 
Management: 
This is some price, I would say. Gently, the management is thinking that, 
that would not be fair because it is required and then it will go to the 
completers also. So that's why we are not giving the product-wise 
pricing. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, last point is taking into account how we have fared for the first 
quarter and the factor of the variables that you people are working with, 
what should be -- the investors should model in for the remaining part 
of the business? Because I think it's a very volatile environment for IP, 
but the corrective measures which you are already taking into place and 
the one-off item which will not be there, so taking that into account, 
what kind of margin profile can we do for the Fertilizer business? And I 
think the IP would be a difficult one. 
Management: 
Fertilizer business, the margins are more or less same. Until and unless 
there is any subsidy revision, I don't foresee any changes in the raw 
material prices presently. As you see, the DAP prices has crossed $600. 
So I don't think the phosphoric asset will be available any cheaper. So 
there is hardly any margin. 
 
Only these volumes will create a total margin. How much quantum of 
sale by the better product mix we can make in the margin, as I told in 
the opening remarks, that will generate the margin for the Fertilizer 
sector. As far as IP segment is concerned, I've told that we are taking a 
step, and it will show some -- it should show some positive results in the 
next quarter or next to next quarter. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
But this should be a bottom-like situation also. Things should not turn 
worse from here because we have... 
Management: 
Definitely. We are taking all these steps. And as I told that all these 
things are in the very forward-looking, and it is -- plans are not 
completed. So we are importing like alone, or we are stabilizing this. We 
are having one plant of the is HX Crystal. So we know how it operates 
and who are our buyers. So all in all, there is a very -- positivity we are 
looking at, and we are very hopeful to get better results in the Q2 and 
Q3. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And on the gas pricing, sir, I missed your comment. What types are we 
securing, the gasses? 
Management: 
Gas is already fixed by the Government - as far as Urea is concerned, so 
whatever the domestic prices are there, it is allotted. It is pass through. 
So there is hardly any impact. And energy prices are stable now, INR45 
per SM3. So I don't foresee any much deviation in the natural gas prices. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav from Anvil Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirav: 
Sir, one thing, when we will undertake the energy conservation 
measures for our Urea plant, I think our current consumption is close to 
6.5, 6.6. And once that is implemented, it will fall below 6 Gcal per 
metric ton. What sort of total improvement in the profitability starts 
accruing to our Urea business once that energy conservation measures 
are placed into? 
Management: 
No, actually whatever the curtailment in the energy norms by 0.6 Gcal, 
so it will be within the targeted amount by the government of India. That 
is the purpose for revamping Urea plant. And the government is focusing 
that it should be around 5.9 or something. So after 0.6 reduction in Gcal, 
we will be meeting the norms, prescribed by the government. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
And second, that Urea plant is very old 60-year-old plant. So there is 
also a lot of inefficiency in the system and production process. So by 
implementing this, we will be increasing the capacity of the plant from 
800 to 1,123 metric tons per day. So that is the advantage we will be 
having, additional production of around 323 metric tons. So that will be 
coming by way of additional margin and profit to whatever you get in 
the mix. 
Nirav: 
But sir, based on some rough understanding with this increase in the 
production and currently whatever losses we are making off because of 
the higher energy usage, what sort of ballpark numbers we should work 
with in terms of the improvement in our per tons margins for Urea? 
Management: 
We have not just calculated per ton margin but when we approved our 
project, of this urea revamping, I Remember that around INR30-odd 
crores will generate in the Urea revamping project. 
Nirav: 
Okay. And sir, I missed on the increased capacity, what you mentioned 
on -- capacity is going to increase from how much to how much? 
Management: 
800 to 1,123. 
Nirav: 
TPD or it is 1,000 tons. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Nirav: 
Okay. Sir, second question is on -- you mentioned on the capro-benzene 
spread is being lower, and we are even losing money at the contribution 
level. At what level of spreads we could break even in terms of the 
capro-benzene as well as for let's say, melamine? If you can give some 
understanding that would be very helpful. 
Management: 
It will be difficult to predict but I think it is $700 odd figures, $725 or 
so from the extent that will make the breakeven from the caprolactam. 
And for melamine, we are generating the positive contribution. 
However, there is a margin loss. So there is no problem as far as the 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
August 06, 2024 
Page 17 of 17 
 
melamine production is concerned. We are generating the contribution 
and that's why we are continuing the plants. 
Nirav: 
All right. So 725 would cover our variable cost? Or it will also cover our 
fixed cost? 
Management: 
No, only variable cost. 
Nirav: 
Okay. And what levels of fixed cost we should work with for the capro 
plant as well as for the melamine plant? 
Management: 
Fixed cost is already fixed so we do not calculate like this. Whatever the 
fixed cost is there, so we are generating the losses whatever melamine 
is generating the profit. It is compensated with negative margins of the 
caprolactam. So that's why the IP segment is getting only INR4 crores 
loss. So that is the idea we can get that whatever the fixed cost is 
generated it is breakeven at this level. 
Nirav: 
Correct. So let's say put together capro and melamine, is it safe to believe 
that our fixed cost won't be higher than $100 a ton? Is it a safe 
understanding to make? Or probably it could be some notch higher than 
the $100? 
Management: 
It must be higher than the $100. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would like to hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 
Management: 
Okay. So thank you for the patient listening. And I hope that we could 
have given you the satisfactory replies up to our best possible manner. 
And I once again thank you to all the participants and we will see you in 
the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anurag Services that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
