 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
 
August 2, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.:  Investor/ Analyst Call Transcript  
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Investor/ Analyst call w.r.t. the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2024, held on July 30, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. IST. 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking,in.  
 
You are requested to take note of the same and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
(Formerly Known as Burger King India Limited)  
 
 
 
 
Shweta Mayekar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
(ACS No. 23786) 
 
SHWETA 
SUNIL 
MAYEKAR
Digitally signed 
by SHWETA 
SUNIL MAYEKAR 
Date: 2024.08.02 
15:19:17 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
Q1 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2024 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP DEY – BRAND PRESIDENT INDONESIA – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – RESTAURANT BRANDS 
ASIA LIMITED 
 
MR. KAPIL GROVER – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV AJJAN – HEAD, STRATEGY & INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVEEN TRIVEDI – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
LIMITED 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Trivedi. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal, I would like to welcome you all to the 
Restaurant Brands Asia Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management today, we 
have Mr. Rajeev Varman, CEO, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sandeep Dey, Brand President, 
Indonesia; Mr. Sumit Zaveri, Group CFO and Chief Business Officer; Mr. Kapil Grover, Chief 
Marketing Officer; and Gaurav Ajjan, the Head of Investor Relations. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you. Good morning to everyone. This is Rajeev Varman, CEO of RBA. We also have 
today, in addition to the members already called out, Cicily Thomas, who's the President of 
Burger King India; we have Namrata Tiwari, who is our Chief People Officer; Dr. Sudhir 
Tamne, who's a Food Technology's -- Head of Technology in food. And we also have Madhuri 
Shenoy, who is our Head of Quality. 
 
So let me take you back 10 years. On November 9 of this year, we would have completed 10 
years as a brand in India. We opened our first restaurant on November 9, 2014. So this 
November, we will complete 10 years. This 10 years has taken our journey to -- today, we sit at 
456 restaurants in 107 cities. That's almost 10 cities every year that we have grown in. And as 
Sumit will go into the numbers today, you will find that all our numbers that we will report today 
will be in the green area. Growth in the green area, SSSG, same-store sales growth, will be green. 
SSTG will be green. 
 
You will find that revenues will be in the green. Gross margins will be in the green. Restaurant 
level profitability will be in the green. Company level profitability will be in the green. So the 
strength of brands and companies is visible in tough times. You're aware that the market has 
kind of slowed down a little bit in the last few quarters. And in this environment, RBA continues 
to deliver positive same-store sales growth. In fact, if you look at the last 9 quarters, we have 
continuously reported positive same-store sales growth. 
 
So let me first take you through the 10 years that we have been as a brand, what we have done. 
It's a very auspicious year for us, completing the 10th year. So I just wanted to kind of walk you 
through the brand it has been and the brand it is going to be in the future. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
So initially, as you remember, we had established this in 2014 by building a menu that was -- 
Sandeep Dey present in Indonesia. So it's familiar discovery, which has built a brand that was 
Western but taste of India, right, very, very Indian taste in nature. 
 
Our brand that had menu items which were very strong in the veg focus areas, veg value variety. 
I think you heard Kapil say this in the initial years of our brands that we built the menu on veg 
value and variety. So we did that. We did the largest taste test ever done in India on food, which 
was over 3,000 people that we tested. We built the products around that. And then we launched 
the brand with Whopper in focus, which is our flagship burger. 
 
Now we continue that by bringing in a value strategy, which is fulcrum for the Burger King 
brand across the world that we believe in driving trials and getting people into our brand, into 
our business from the value sector. So we did 2 For INR50, which has graduated today. Last 
year, you saw us do INR99 meal. And this year, you have seen us do 2 for INR79, so those 
strategy and value continues to be strong. It's a 10-year-old strategy. It will continue to build, it 
will continue to evolute as we move into the future. 
 
We also then started building restaurant footprints. Creating awareness, marketing, 
advertisement, all these things create awareness, but also building restaurants create awareness. 
So we have built 456 restaurants as we stand today, in 107 cities. In addition to that, we have 
built 351 cafés inside of these restaurants, so -- which has been a ramp-up in less than 2 years, 
actually slightly over 2 years because we started in FY '22. Now we are going into FY '24, and 
we have literally 351 cafés. There's about 100 restaurants that don't have cafés, which will start 
now getting cafés. All the new restaurants are opening with cafés. 
 
So a very strong menu strategy, graded into a very good value strategy, build up strong 
footprints, added day part menu or specifically by building cafés, and then we are graduating 
now as we move forward into the digital era where we are now establishing SOKs, self-ordering 
kiosks in all our restaurants. So we have completed close to around 180 new restaurants that are 
already running itself or in kiosks, and they will continue to do that by the end of this year, fiscal 
year, we should be at 100% of SOKs as well. 
 
So in March of '22, we acquired the business in Indonesia, which is Burger King and then we 
further on started to build Popeyes there in August '22. We have built our first Popeyes. Sandeep 
will kind of bring focus on our results and how we're moving forward in Popeyes and Burger 
King in Indonesia and all that challenges, the geopolitical challenges over there and so forth. So 
that's basically the last 10 years in India and RBA as we graduated into the Indonesian market. 
 
Last quarter, I told you the focus areas which haven't changed, which continue to be the focus 
areas for this company as we move into the next few quarters. One is to continue driving value. 
You have seen -- and you'll see the value promotion that Kapil will be launching and has worked 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 4 of 18 
 
with in the last few quarters. So he will kind of bring that to life in this piece. 2 for INR79 and 
2 for INR99 has been on our communication now for several quarters, and it's doing very well. 
 
We also went into new locations, not only with Café but launching the BK Pizza Puff, which is 
doing very well, which also addresses our snacking location -- occasion. And in addition to that, 
in the past, we have launched nuggets, we have launched wraps. So there's a lot of new items, 
innovation that Kapil keeps bringing into the business and he will address that as he speaks, but 
basically to kind of build and grow traffic. So our focus moving forward, continuing to bring in 
traffic. 
 
So these 9 quarters that I told you that we were positive same-store sales, we were also positive 
same-store traffic. So it is important to bring SSSG with traffic. And we continue to build on 
that and growing traffic, which has been predominantly our focus for the last 10 years, will 
continue to be our focus for the next 10 years. 
 
Digital brand, a brand that is accessible digitally, not only in front of the counter where the guests 
are but also behind the counter, where Cicily Thomas and she'll speak more next time when we 
do the next quarter meeting about how she is taking the brand digitally inside the kitchen as well, 
making sure that all our processes and systems are digitally to bring efficiency, #1, and also to 
reduce the number of mistakes that we can make on delivery of our orders. So that will continue 
as well. 
 
The last piece, which is the most important piece that we took upon a few quarters ago is to have 
a laser focus on profitability. But yes, one of the biggest attributes of inputs to good margins at 
the restaurant level is sales, and we will continue to drive traffic and sales but also to manage 
our line items so that we continue to deliver a solid restaurant-level profitability. 
 
That focus has been now split into 2 pieces. One is to focus on dine-in, which we have 
continuously spoken about in the last few quarters, which is continued laser focus on delivering 
restaurant dine-in profits. But in the last quarter, we have also started this journey of increasing 
our profitability of the delivery business. So you will see and you will hear more and more as 
we move forward to bring the margins on our delivery business higher and higher and we will 
continue that focus as we move forward. So that's on India, and then Sumit will kind of share 
the results on all the items on India as we move forward. 
 
Now Indonesia. So Indonesia, we kind of went into this business in 2022. And since taking this 
over in March of 2022 and launching Popeyes in August '22, what we have done and where are 
we as a brand over there. So initially, as I've said in the past, we took over the business and we 
went back to basics, which is what we do as a company, again, went back to menu. The menu 
was not up to our standards. It was not to the market standards. We got the menu up. Every 
single burger, every single item, every entree was measured and tested and reevaluated and build 
up with the new sauces and new patties and new toppings. So we did that and suddenly build a 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 5 of 18 
 
fantastic menu for Popeyes as well at the same time fixing the Burger King menu over there. So 
we did that. 
 
We also then went into doing the menu architecture for both the brands. So there is a value core 
and premium layer that was established. All this work was done. 
 
And then we started a journey to move -- actually establish and start moving sales in the right 
direction, which we -- as you can see in Slide #6 that the red line is current year and you will see 
that we have moved the sale significantly higher than the previous year, and we were well on 
our way until this geopolitical headwinds started in late October. And this is a big challenge for 
the Indonesian market for all the QSR that their American brands they all suffered from retail 
down to food, down to cafés. Everyone got the hit on that, and we were no different. We saw 
that the line that was way above the green line suddenly dipped below the green line. 
 
Now we then took the next couple of months to reestablish -- start our business growth in our 
delivery business, and we did an affective job of that as we climbed from January onwards 
between November to January to reach back the previous year's sales. And we did that very 
effectively. And then in May, we had another challenge when there was a second bombing in 
Gaza. And there's other geopolitical wind that kind of took a toll on all the businesses there. 
 
So we have had challenges. We have set the business right. We have set the menu right. We 
have rationalized the restaurants. We have closed about 46 restaurants that were nonprofitable, 
which were in the low areas or areas with no growth. We have cleaned that out. 
 
We also did the same with our overheads. We brought it down. We rationalized our total G&A 
count. We brought it down by 25%. So we have a very effective machine now in Indonesia, a 
very effective team, very effective assets that are ready to grow and become all they can, as these 
geopolitical winds kind of go behind us. 
 
I think the reflection of the community there, the business community is that post-October, there 
is going to be upbeat -- uptick of this traffic back into the business. So we are hoping that, that 
is true, and we are working towards that, getting the business ready to kind of deliver on those 
numbers. So that's basically the Indonesia, and Sandeep will speak a little more about it, and you 
will get the flavor of where we are in terms of numbers and so forth. 
 
With that said, I will turn it over to Sumit so that he can carry you into this green page of our 
green numbers. Over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thank you, Raj. I'll kind of choose Slide #10 to take you through the overall performance that 
we have for the quarter. It also reflects some of the positive trends that we have seen, what Raj 
was talking about as we go through these numbers. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Firstly, talking about growth. Obviously, growth has been one of our key drivers. In the current 
quarter, we opened 1 store. It's not that we've really kind of gone back in any manner. It’s just 
that it is by design. We had opened a fairly large number of stores, almost close to 40 stores 
towards last quarter of the calendar year, which is kind of allowing some time to settle down. 
 
Our target to get to 510 by end of financial year is on track. Currently, as we speak, almost close 
around 19-odd stores are under construction. So we are kind of now phasing it out over the 
balance part of the period, making sure that we get to 510 being the target. As Raj mentioned, 
our focus is driving traffic and then driving SSSG through that route of driving traffic. 
 
We're really happy to announce that we've been positive, as while you are seeing here for last 5 
quarters that we are really positive in expansion over the last 9 quarters. And this -- to be positive 
in a market scenario, which is challenging, at the same time, being positive as we are adding a 
reasonable amount of stores in the portfolio, which will be adding close to around 80 stores on 
an annual basis. We feel really we've been able to kind of manage the growth, balance the growth 
and the same-store sales growth really in a balanced manner without really focusing the balance 
on the focus, on either of the sites. 
 
Having said that, effectively, our revenues for the quarter, which was just a little shy INR10 
crores -- shy of INR500 crores, achieved of 490 crores of revenue, 16% sales growth on a year-
on-year basis, slightly favored by way of a higher delivery mix moving from 39% to 42%, which 
we believe that this is a broad range from 38% to 40%, that's the kind of range that it will remain 
as we go along, as we continue to focus on bringing more traffic into our dining part of the 
business. 
 
If you really look at it from the perspective of gross profit, we've always been focused improving 
our overall profitability through focus on gross profit to various initiatives on the supply chain 
side. Over the last 1 year, we've been able to improve our margins by almost close to 1.2%. As 
far as this current quarter is concerned, we are flat at 67.6% as we had reported last quarter. 
We must assure you that this is not a break in the journey to go to 69% that we've said we will 
achieve, which is that in the current quarter, we really wanted to aggressively pursue growth 
through traffic. And that's why it's a conscious call to remain at these levels of margins. And 
then now -- and Raj mentioned about that we will very strongly focus on the delivery side of 
profitability, so we will see the journey coming back as we go along later part of the year, taking 
us to 69% target that we've spoken earlier. 
 
As far as overall profitability is concerned, we achieved 8.9% store level EBITDA and a 3.6% 
company level EBITDA growing by -- growing to INR43.5 crores in the current quarter at the 
restaurant level. If you look at it from the company perspective, we grew to INR17.5 crores from 
roughly INR10 crores that we got year-on-year or if you look at it sequentially, it's almost close 
to 70% growth in EBITDA. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
We did see some kind of -- some challenges with respect to the cost line. It was more -- because 
of the external environment of the seasonality side, extreme heat did impact us on the utility 
side, which is why we see some of the translation on gross profits didn't materialize as far as 
restaurant EBITDA is concerned and a slight shift in delivery mix from 39% to 42%. So the 
translation gain or the improvement we had on gross profit, we did lose a little bit of PAT on the 
restaurant EBITDA side. 
 
We've always been talking about getting the leverage benefit as we grow on the G&A side. In 
the current quarter, as we've grown revenue by almost close to INR68 crores, the corporate G&A 
has reduced as a percentage of revenue, almost close to 5.3%. So that's the journey that we will 
continue to see as we go along going forward. So that's the India business part of the journey. 
Quickly going through Indonesia, and I'll just talk a little bit and build on to what Raj was saying. 
 
Our priority is to get to a position where we are not losing cash in Indonesia, as far as what we 
believe, what we've done is that we have rationalized the portfolio, we have done to 149 stores. 
It's a portfolio which is more balanced and based on this portfolio, at the store level, we did 
report positive EBITDA. 
 
As far as and effectively at an IDR19.4 million for the quarter. We -- it is showing 5.4% negative 
SSSG. We believe that as we continue to pursue the brand from the perspective of sales side, as 
we continue to remain focused on our product delivery, we should be able to reach the cap as 
we -- and go and improve over it, as we have seen in early part of the year last year. 
 
As far as Popeyes is concerned, we are currently at 25 stores, and average daily sales of IDR17.9 
million. It looks like a drop, but that's more like IDR39.4 million was just representing 10 store, 
and it was the launch period, the quarter immediately after the launch period of the brand. So 
really speaking about comparable. But having said that, it's not that we feel that IDR17.9 million 
is a good number. We would really want to bounce back from this number. 
 
We are currently kind of waiting for some of the headwinds to start -- really kind of been feeling 
it, then we will start putting money behind this brand and grow sales. 
 
At these levels, though you must admit that we are not losing any money at Popeyes level. So 
we are at sustenance levels as part of ADS as far as of Popeyes is concerned. Overall, our revenue 
In Indonesia was around IDR302 million -- billion, drop of 11% Y-o-Y, largely because of store 
closures. And at an EBITDA level, we lost around IDR17.3 billion. While we are at an EBITDA 
level, we have IDR17.3 billion. 
 
The way some of the lease constructs are built in Indonesia, actual cash outflow is almost close 
to IDR4 billion less as compared to EBITDA because in Indonesia, the rent structures are built 
in such a way that a substantial part of rent gets paid in advance. So there is no cash outflow to 
that effect in the current financial year. So EBITDA -- looks IDR17.3 billion EBITDA. The 
actual cash is IDR4 billion less. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
We would continue to endeavor to get to breakeven levels or cash yield to the position as far as 
Indonesia is concerned, as we go progress further into this current financial year. So that's 
literally from my side on India and Indonesia financial performance. Overall, performance on 
the consolidated stand-alone is already shared and available. So I'm not getting into that. I just 
thought I'll talk a little bit more for explaining the numbers to you. 
 
So I'll just put you to Kapil, who will take us through the marketing initiatives on the India side. 
Kapil Grover: 
Okay. So thank you. Thank you, Sumit, and good morning, everyone. Just before I start the India 
sort of marketing update, I'll just recap the numbers that Sumit mentioned earlier. Our growth 
story continues. We have year-on-year added 60 stores to the base. So we are now at have 456 
stores. We delivered an ADS of INR119,000 last quarter and with this, was a 3.1% same-store 
sales growth over last year's same quarter. And as Raj mentioned, this is the 9th straight quarter 
of same-store sales growth. 
 
With the revenue at almost INR491 crores, this was a 16% improvement in revenues over the 
same quarter last year. And this is our highest quarterly revenue above -- since we started the 
business.  Margins improved by 110 basis points and they now stand at 67.6% compared to last 
-- same quarter last year. And restaurant EBITDA, as Sumit mentioned, INR43.5 crores, which 
is a 29% improvement over the same quarter last year. 
 
At a company level, with INR17.5 crores of EBITDA, we are 72% better than same quarter last 
year. So that's been the summary of what Sumit mentioned to you in terms of our results in the 
India business, right? 
 
Now to talk to the market initiatives, which sort of helped us in some parts to deliver this number. 
We've continued to focus on our value strategy and offer consumers better value than the market. 
Our lead dine-in marketing program for this quarter was 2 Crispy Veg at INR79 and 2 Crispy 
Chicken Burgers at INR99. Now this is a model which has given us great results in the past, it 
has given us good dine-in traffic growth, and it continues to be a strong platform of driving 
traffic into our restaurants. 
 
In addition to the 2 For model, we continue to offer the 99 meal. The meal that we promoted all 
of last year, is still available on the BK APP, right? There are another suite of new and add-on 
offers which are also available on BK APP as a platform for our guests who are seeking more 
deals and coupons in restaurants. 
 
While these are the price-pointed offers of 2 For and 99 Meal, we also continue to offer great 
value in shareable meals. Given the season we have the monsoon meal deals for 2 people 
available for dine-in guests to help them share a meal with their family and friends. 
 
Now I'm on Slide 17. This is about BK Café concept meals, spoken about extension, today, we 
stand at 352 cafés, which is almost 80% of our portfolio, and this will continue to expand as we 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 9 of 18 
 
open new stores and go back and retrofit in some of our older stores. But it's more important 
now. See in future, we started to now drive innovation on the left. We've added iced coffee to 
the menu recently, Iced Cappuccino, Iced Americano and Iced Latte have been added to the 
menu. These will help us grow incidence of the layer. And you will see a lot more work on the 
Café business in the coming 2, 3 quarters to grow awareness and penetration of this category in 
our business, right? 
 
During the course of the year, we also continue to innovate. Raj mentioned on the innovations 
we've done last year in recent quarters. Our most recent launch, the BK Pizza Puff is a favorite 
vegetarian snack. The product has done very well on blind product test. And it was sold out in 
the northern markets. About 8 weeks ago, we've got very encouraging results on the product, 
and it's now become a part of the 2 for X platform at 2 for INR59. And you will see more on this 
program as we go forward in the future quarters. 
 
Now while we continue to drive traffic to our dine-in restaurants to all these promotions on 
value, we now have 143 stores. And as we speak, it's grown to about 180 stores, which offers 
the fantastic King's journey experience to all our guests. The guests are offered digital ordering 
to self-ordering kiosks, BK APP based-ordering or a QR code on the table, which you can scan 
to avoid the queue at the kiosk, and then your food will be served on the table. 
 
And thanks to some fantastic execution by our digital and operational teams, 92% of dine-in 
sales in these 143 stores is coming from digital channels like kiosks, app or the mobile side, and 
our guests are loving the new experience in our stores. 
 
On the next slide, in continuation to the point on BK APP, we're now building this as a platform 
and a foundation for our CRM programs in the future. The BK APP has the most of dine-in 
offers, which helps us drive acquisition, and we've seen our installs grow by 70% over quarter 1 
of last year. Even app usership has grown from by about 2.7x over quarter 1 of last year. And 
this work on the app will go a long way in establishing strong loyalty with our BK clients. 
 
Last but not the least, we continue to be one of the most engaging brands on social media with 
a focus on youthful and very authentic conversations with our clients. So that's it from my side. 
I will now hand over to Sandeep to share the Indonesia update. 
Sandeep Dey: 
Thank you, Kapil, and it is always inspiring to see some of the fantastic work India is doing, and 
it definitely helps us with some of the best practices for our business here. Good morning to all 
of you. You've heard both from Raj as well as Sumit that the environment here continues to be 
challenging due to the geopolitical crisis. 
And after a long spell of 4, 5 months since October, the business really started to get better. 
Towards the Labaran festive month, which is around April and subsequent until end of May, 
things got better, and we reached almost the pre-crisis level of sales. But unfortunately, as I 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 10 of 18 
 
mentioned the last week of May is when the second crisis hit us, and we got adversely impacted 
once again. 
 
However, we continue to stay focused on doing things which are in our control. So in the next 
few minutes, I'm going to double click on some of the stuff, which Raj mentioned earlier. The 
first 6 months of FY '24, we did a great job on the basis of all the foundation work and delivered 
more than 11% growth in those 6 months compared to the previous year. Despite all the 
challenges we have been facing since October, we still delivered a similar sales this quarter 
compared to quarter 1 of last year. 
 
We did experience a 15% drop in dine-in sales, but we successfully pivoted our strategy towards 
delivery and delivered a 19% growth in that channel. This kind of gives us the confidence that 
guests do continue to love our brand because of the great taste experience, because of the 
consistent product quality and a very strong value proposition, which they enjoy from our brand. 
And moving to the next slide, where I'll be talking about the key priorities for the Burger King 
brand, which is chicken, burger and winning dessert menus. 
 
From the last few quarter calls, I've been speaking about the fact that Indonesia is an extremely 
strong fried chicken market, and having a comprehensive portfolio in this category is going to 
be a competitive edge. We have 2 winning products in our menu, the Crispy Chicken and the 
dunked spicy saucy version of another fried chicken. However, we also understand that there's 
a massive demand for a breaded version of spicy chicken, so we developed that winning products 
as well, did an extensive test market for almost a couple of months, and we are extremely 
satisfied with the results and now decided to launch it across the country in the next 2 weeks' 
time. 
 
In the last 3, 3.5 quarters, our volume of chicken grew by almost 50%. And now after having 
the widest range of fried chicken in that QSR space, we are quite confident of taking our chicken 
share even further up. The second strategic priority is to establish leadership in burgers, and that 
will continue to do through Whopper trials and continue to do through providing taste 
supremacy. 
 
We develop the Whopper based on local taste preference and then offer that product to customers 
at a very aggressive prices IDR17,000, which is almost a 50% discounted from the original price. 
But that has really helped us driving trials, driving frequency and also building the Whopper 
equity. 
 
We are witnessing a sustained volume of 35% over the last 4 quarters. However, the work really 
doesn't end here. We are further improving the quality and taste of this product. We have 
developed a better buttery, softer bun, also made the patty even more juicier. We're now setting 
up the back end of the supply chain so that we should be able to launch this new Whopper and 
scale that across the country by the last quarter of this year. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Cold dessert is a massive market, and we have a big opportunity to gain share in this category. 
And as a part of our business strategy, which is the third growth pillar, we continue to drive new 
innovation around dessert category, either through a program that dessert or through products, 
which are inspired by local favorites, right? 
 
And then in the last 1 year, we have witnessed a volume growth of almost about 2.5x in the last 
1 year that our ambition is to double it. Most importantly, traffic continues to be our #1 priority. 
And hence, we will always maintain our value leadership position, whether we provide 
extremely strong value propositions through a permanent value layer, our dine-in business or a 
very attractive entry price value layer, both for à la carte as well as combos for our delivery 
channel. 
 
And now I'm on the last slide, which is Slide 25. Popeyes is a new brand. We have 25 stores. So 
the priorities are very clear at this moment; build the product and the brand awareness, generate 
trials and then continue to provide a guest, a digital-first experience. 
 
We are basically a culinary brand and not only about winning products with regard to taste but 
also an enormous amount of variety to address different occasions. Our ambition is to bring this 
brand into chicken destination. By the way, we are only QSR chain, be it local or international, 
who got chicken in both fried as well as grilled formats. 
 
Grilled chicken is our unique differentiator, and it kind of contributes almost 1/3 of the total 
booming chicken volume. And going forward, we are strengthening this portfolio by adding 
more varieties like grilled wings, grilled sandwiches to our signature grilled collections. And 
this, we strongly believe is going to be our competitive edge. We also developed the breaded 
spicy version, which has performed extremely well in the consumer research, and we plan to roll 
it out in the third quarter of this year. 
 
So now we have winning products and the task at hand is to build awareness. In all our stores, 
we have digital menu board, which we are using as an ad board to create awareness and educate 
our guests. We also have video walls in every store, which runs brand videos. In fact, we have 
also started to participate in some key strategic events, which also helps us in generating trials 
and generating brand awareness. 
 
So we have implemented our menu pricing strategy also, which will help us build the value 
propositions and thereby help us drive trials. 
 
We have also strengthened the digital-first experience. We launched our Popeyes app last month. 
And I'm also happy to report that 95% of our dine-in transactions are through self-ordering 
kiosks. So this will definitely help us build a pretty strong CRM program in future. And last but 
not the least, we will continue to provide elevated guest experience through 100% table service. 
So that's all from the Indonesia side, and I hand it back to Sumit to share the overall outlook. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thank you Sandeep. So I will just quickly share the outlook as far as restaurant count is 
concerned. We are currently at 456. We endeavor to get to 510 by end of the financial year and 
our target for 700 stores by '27 still continues. 
 
As far as gross profit is concerned, we were at 67.6%, as I mentioned, during my earlier 
conversation. Our target to took it to 69% by '27. We probably believe that we are on track to 
get to 69%. Indonesia, our immediate priority is to achieve cash breakeven at the country level, 
which is what we will endeavor to get to -- towards and we get to the late part of the financial 
year. So with that, I would open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique. Please go ahead.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Congratulations on very good set of number of positive SSSG and improvement in profitability. 
So now my first question, what I understand is that you have taken some price hikes in online 
channel. Can you split your current quarter performance between price increase and volume 
increase? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So Dhiraj, as far as current quarter is concerned, the entire growth has literally come through the 
traffic growth as we -- as Raj initially mentioned as well that our focus is value-led strategy. 
We'll continue to remain focused on that side. So as far as dine-in part of the business is 
concerned, it is led by traffic. 
 
Even on the delivery side, the growth is a combination of traffic as well as average check. But 
average check is something which is more trying to get customers to buy more on the platform. 
As we go along, we will see some correction in the pricing side and we've -- and Kapil has 
mentioned about it, we are kind of trying to pivot our menu slightly differently on the delivery 
side. So we will see some price corrections going forward. We've really not seen the impacts of 
that fully as far as the current quarter is concerned. So current quarter, the growth is traffic led, 
and that is how our overall strategy going forward will also continue to be. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. And second, one of the points you highlighted that going ahead, improvement of 
profitability will be also led by the improvement in profitability for your online channels. So can 
you help us with what will be the current profitability difference between online and offline 
channel for you? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So Dhiraj, we would really not be able to share the exact details of how profitability though, is 
concerned. But as I was saying earlier as well our endeavor to improve the overall profitability 
will be led over to two levers, I would say, one is reposition our delivery on the pricing side, 
that's one. The second is the launch of new categories that we've done, Café on one site that 
we've done over the last 2 years. And then the snacking product, we will also endeavor to 
improve overall attachment through these new categories. So that's how we are really kind of 
going to overall address the profitability part of the delivery channel as we go along into later 
part of the year. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, second question is on, can you highlight how the demand in India from 
the month-on-month perspective, whether that has been improving for you, let's say, for the 
quarter, you have witnessed 119,000 of average daily sales, how that has been performed on a 
month-on-month basis? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Dhiraj, this is Raj. Thank you, first of all for joining this call this morning, and thank you for 
your questions as well. Dhiraj, we think that there is going to be a strong recovery in the second 
half of the year. I think that's what's visible to us. But for a brand that's been positive in traffic 
for the last 9 quarters, if you look at the industry, probably at about negative 4%, negative 5%, 
somewhere there, and we have positive 3%. 
So all things being even, we would have probably been positive 7% at the market demand being 
a little stronger. But I think as we look into the future, we expect that this will have a stronger 
second half performance, and we should be able to get a higher traffic increase as well as SSSG, 
but we kind of stay put awaiting that positive trend to come in. It's been a tough last quarter in 
terms of battling it out and very good, strong value strategy is the way. 
 
There's not only just value strategy, but the innovation that was put in place with café that was 
introduced, puffs that came in, nuggets that came and wraps that came in. There's a lot of work 
that we have done. And we think that the next 2, 3 years, you will find growth in RBA working 
India specifically through these items that Kapil has put in place. All these instruments are going 
to give growth in dayparts as well in traffic occasions. And this company will continue to grow 
on this basis of traffic. As I've always said, we have traffic-led kind of company, and we will 
continue to drive more people into our restaurants. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. No, we appreciate a lot in terms of your performance compared to other peers. 
And sir, last question, if I may, that what would this contribution of BK Café in our existing BK 
Café Stores? That's it from my side. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Dhiraj, again, thank you for your question. We have said this in the past that in spite of 
adding almost doubling the number of cafés in the last few months, we have got now 370-odd 
cafés. I mean that's a lot of cafés that we have put in, in a span of very few months. In spite of 
that, we have maintained average daily sales on café. We think that this average daily sales of 
between 14,000, 15,000 will more than double, and that's our aspiration as we go into the future 
years. Beyond that, we don't share any specific information on that. But I think that should give 
you pretty much what you were looking for. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Gathani from OHM Portfolio Equity Research 
Private Limited. 
Mayur Gathani: 
Just wanted to understand or get clarity that you are saying delivery margins will come in line 
with your dine-in margins. And two reasons you're saying is the traffic growth and correction 
prices. Is that understanding clear? 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Correction in pricing, yes, you're right. The second one is we will work towards improving the 
attachment to the invoices using the new category launches that we've recently done, which 
should cover café and some of the snacking range of puffs and chicken nuggets. So that's actually 
how we are going to address improving the overall profitability of the -- on the delivery side of 
the business. 
Rajeev Varman: 
I mean, if you look at the broader part of your question, which is we build a brand through 
growth by footprints all across 107 cities and so forth. We build the cafés, we build a product 
line. All that stuff right now, it is since we are now working on the volume through traffic, we 
are also getting prepared and the economics of the restaurant fine-tuning those. On the dine-in 
side or the delivery side, both are in game, right? We want to make sure that as much efficiency 
is bought. 
 
And if you look at our P&L, and we're all aware of all the P&L out in the market, if you look at 
our P&L, we run a tight ship. We already run very good gross margins. Our line items, below 
that gross margin, are all very tight. And as volume increases, those percentages will all become 
very positive. But we want to make it still more efficient. And we are going to take a little bit 
pricing over the course of the next 3 quarters, and that will be evident for you. And it's the same 
for delivery business as well. We want to make sure that the delivery flow through coming into 
the business continues to grow. And that's -- you will see those in the coming P&Ls. 
Mayur Gathani: 
Okay. And coming to the Indonesia part, do you see more rationalization of the BK stores in 
there? Or at 149, we are kind of stable there? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. I think we have cleaned up. We have rationalized the whole portfolio. We are there now, 
and we are now kind of growing these restaurants. Like I said, initially, we have a very strong 
team now. It took us 1.5 years to build that strong, very strong team. They've got all the right 
people in place over there. We have got a clean asset. We have closed out restaurants that didn't 
make any sense for us. We have cleaned that portfolio down. We have cleaned the menu, and 
we have got everything in place now. And the market even turns a little bit to our favor with all 
the geopolitical behind us, which I think is going to be post October what the industry over this 
is kind of contemplating. 
 
Then what will happen is you will find this business, go back to its green days then. It used to 
deliver significant restaurant-level profitability. We'll get back to that. So we are just kind of 
prepared. We've got a good asset. We've got a good team. We have got a good product line, and 
we're just waiting, and we are putting things in place, instruments in place, our marketing, our 
delivery business. 
 
You've seen there was non-existent -- our delivery business. Now we have grown it significantly 
over there to multiple double-digit growth. So we have put everything in place. And as things 
come our way, we will make that business profitable not only just make it positive, but make it 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 15 of 18 
 
significantly profitable. And that's the whole plan when we took this over, we knew that this is 
where we're going to take the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Starting with Slide 10, what I observed that in this quarter, despite the heat wave, our delivery 
mix has come down from 45% to 42%? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Could you come a bit close to the mic. You sound a bit distant. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. So on Slide 10, when I observe the delivery mix, which used to be about 45%, which has 
come down to 42%, I assume that, that should have gone up given the heat wave. Now the 
question which is coming to my mind is that we have done the dine-in menu changes, which is 
2 for INR59 and 2 for INR99 in the chicken. Is that the permanent offer which is driving our 
dine-in mix? And is the thing which is going to be permanent SKU? And why I'm asking this 
because you have built on a lot of questions around traffic. So can you share if I take 1 year 
back, what is the 356 stores, the traffic growth we would have got? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Very good question. Let me try to answer this for you. You're right, our traffic mix, our 
total percentage of delivery sales was 42%. See, our promotion, which is a national-wide 
promotion, which Burger King and RBA here in India is able to do because we own the brand 
everywhere. That national promotion was in dine-in, right? It was 2 for INR79 and 2 for INR99 
in dine-in. So this is not available on delivery. So it drove a lot more people into our restaurants 
in this quarter to give us that boom in sales in dine-in. 
 
Now your question about whether this is permanent, see, value strategy is permanent. We will 
always be driving traffic through a good value proposition, used to be 2 for INR50 in the past. 
It was a INR99 meal in the past. It was a INR50 stunner of menu in the past where we had 5 
items at INR50. So different things that we put in place from year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter 
that Kapil likes to drive traffic. But also on the other side, we have built in a lot of, for example, 
our King's collection, those 4 burgers are very, very well like big, and they grow, they continue 
to grow, along with the Whopper. 
 
Whopper, a burger with 7 layers on it, right? So we have a very stunning premium menu as well. 
So when you drive traffic and you don't have all that traffic end up buying the traffic menu that 
you've put in or the value menu that you've put in, some of them migrate and buy other items on 
the menu. And that's what we're seeing as we continue to do that. So yes, the value menu, the 
value platform will be like. What we will sell on the value platform, we will kind of change that 
from time to time, and you'll see that as we evolve. 
 
Coming down to your question on profitability, look, we want the entire, all the channels to be 
significantly profitable than where they are today. And we will continue to endeavor to do that. 
There are a lot of levers there. It's not that we are kind of looking for something in the haystack, 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 16 of 18 
 
we know those levers, and we are using those levers. We are balancing our focus on value and 
traffic with our check and profitability. So that's a big balance that we do every month. And we 
make sure that we are balancing the racks as we move the business forward. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That's really helpful. Just quick last question, you can answer over the course of time. In the 
Indonesia business, we said that cash breakeven at the country level, at what same-store sales 
growth, this is possible? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So I'll just kind of answer. The way we look at it is that once we start reaching the levels of sales 
closer to after the portfolio rationalization, reaching an overall sales closer to around IDR20 
million to IDR20.5 million is where we should start seeing the cash breakeven. So currently, we 
are off by around IDR2 million in terms of local Indonesian currency level. So that's what we 
are currently working towards as a team. 
 
We've taken all the necessary steps from the perspective of rationalizing the overall portfolio by 
shutting down stores to even substantially reducing the corporate G&A from the exit levels that 
we had last year. So we've taken all those steps, now working towards improving the overall 
sales, which hopefully, as things settle down and we see that the impact of the geopolitical issue 
where it kind of starts to impact less as we go along, we should be able to go back and see that 
kind of sales spend. And we've seen the sales last year. 
 
If you look at last quarter, 1 quarter 2, we've already seen that kind of improvement that we have 
done using the portfolio. So we believe it's a question of bringing the portfolio back to where it 
was towards quarter 1, quarter 2 last year. We should be able to get to cash breakeven. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public Alternatives. 
Prolin Nandu: 
So Raj, you started this call with highlighting your 10-year journey. And in 10-year, we have 
been one of the fastest when it comes to store expansion. So that, in a way, comes with a slightly 
cost disadvantage, so to say, in terms of lease and all. And then we are also focused on value 
offering. You mentioned that in this quarter, gross margin was flat because we wanted to drive 
more traffic, right? So my question is that now that inflation is more manageable, when do we 
use price levers slightly more aggressively, and what will it be dependent on? 
 
Will it be dependent on macro conditions? Or will it depend on what competitors do? So where 
I'm coming from is that I want to understand how is our brand perceived in a mind of the 
customer? When we say value, is it primarily price-driven value? Or is it the quality of products 
that we offer at a particular price point so that customers will not mind even if you don't take a 
price hike and that will not, in a way, affect the kind of traffic growth that we have been seeing? 
So yes, slightly more granularity on how you see the use of price level going forward. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you for your question. The first comment I'll make is, yes, it's been 10 years, but we are 
just getting started, to be honest with you. It is not about all that we have done but all that we 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 17 of 18 
 
need to do and we will do over the next 10 years that I think is more stronger. Look, it's always 
a balanced mix, we call it menu architecture. And we don't drive our business on one tool. It's 
always -- a lot of people think it's binary, and they question me on the binary nature of that. It's 
not very binary. 
 
It's a function of a menu architecture. You drive people in with value. You promote them with a 
laddered menu. You have indulgent items on the other end, right? So you have so many different 
occasions, different tools, the café, the snacking occasions, the late night business, the delivery 
business, there are so many levers. And you don't need to binarily just say, I'm going to raise 
this price and that's what's going to change my business. There are so many things in a business 
that are variable that you can keep fine-tuning as you go forward. 
 
So I'll give you an example. As we have introduced this value platform several years ago, we 
have also built a very strong King's Collection, which is our premium burger range, right? And 
we kept on strengthening while we bought in 2 for INR79, we put in wraps on the other side. So 
it's a balanced way of approaching the business in long term versus doing a short-term gorilla 
gimmick to drive sales in any given quarter. So you can't do 9 quarters of consistent traffic 
growth, 9 quarters of consistent same-store sales growth without having a strategy in place that 
is balanced, which continues to drive people in sight, but also to prompt people going up. 
 
These are where ADS, average daily sales, of the industry is falling, we are able to maintain that 
ADS in spite of putting 60 restaurants since this last year, the same quarter, so which tells you 
that there's a balance, there's a thought process, there's a strategy. And I'll tell you whatever you 
will see in the future is because of the balance, it's not just because of one lever either on the 
value side or one lever called café, it's going to be a balanced approach on how you approach 
this business in the long term. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Let me just ask you on the similar kind of a thing where you have mentioned that you have taken 
a very detailed view of every line item in terms of cost, both at the gross margin and below the 
gross margin level. So in that journey, where are we? Have we -- most of the efficiencies in 
terms of every line items. Is it already there in a Q1 number? Or still, there are a lot of levers 
there which can see -- which we can probably use going forward as well in terms of driving cost 
efficiency? 
Rajeev Varman: 
I would say that our focus on line items is about 25%, 30% there. 75%, there's a lot of structural 
changes that we will do in terms of how the lines, how the power is delivered and all those things 
are in works. And there's a lot of work ahead of us, and you will see those efficiencies over the 
next several months coming into our P&L. 
Prolin Nandu: 
That's it from my side. And we appreciate the kind of outperformance that the company is 
showing, and all the best for the coming quarters. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited
 
 
July 30, 2024 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last call for today. We have now reached the end 
of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. Again, thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join the call this morning. I want to thank 
our team in Indonesia that works very hard to -- in this very tough environment to deliver some 
magnificent turnaround results. And the team here in India that is working under leadership of 
Cicily and Kapil, doing a fantastic job moving the business in this very tough environment as 
well. 
 
And I want to thank each one of you for cheering us on the sidelines and keeping us honest to 
our numbers and through our results. So we'll continue to work hard and deliver the best that we 
can. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Restaurant Brands Asia, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
