 
 
PTC India Financial Services Ltd. (CIN: L65999DL2006PLC153373) 
(A subsidiary of PTC India Limited) 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Telephone Exchange Building, 8 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110 066, India      
Board: +91 11 26737300 / 26737400 Fax: 26737373 / 26737374, Website: www. ptcfinancial.com, E-mail:  info@ptcfinancial.com 
 
  August 06, 2024 
To 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code : 533344 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Symbol: PFS 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of transcripts of Audio recording of the Conference Call held on 
Thursday, August 01, 2024 at 4:00 PM (IST) on the financial results for Q1FY2025 
 
With reference to our letter dated July 25, 2024, and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find the transcripts of Audio recording of the Conference 
Call held on Thursday, August 01, 2024 at 4:00 PM (IST) on the financial results for Q1FY2025. 
 
This is also available on the Website of the Company at www.ptcfinancial.com  
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
       
Shweta Agrawal 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed: as above 
SHWETA 
AGRAW
AL
Digitally signed 
by SHWETA 
AGRAWAL 
Date: 2024.08.06 
19:11:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“PTC India Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY' 25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. BALAJI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PTC INDIA FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. KALUR SRINIVAS – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – PTC 
INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SITESH SINHA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT – 
PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED  
 
MR. ABHINAV GOYAL – HEAD FINANCE – PTC INDIA 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYA CHAUDHARY – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PTC India Financial Services Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Priya Chaudhary. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Priya Chaudhary: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Priya Chaudhary. I'm part of the Investor Relations team at PTC 
India Financial. Welcome to the investor call for a discussion on Q1 financial year '25 results of 
PTC India Financial. There are a lot of positives that we will be discussing during the course of 
this call, but let me start with the first. It gives us immense pleasure to welcome our CEO and 
MD, Mr. R. Balaji to this call. He is joined by Mr. K. Srinivas, Executive Director; Mr. Sitesh 
Sinha, Executive Vice President and Mr. Abhinav Goyal, Vice President. 
Over to you, sir. 
R Balaji: 
Good afternoon all. This is Balaji. First of all, I would like to thank you all for joining on our 
quarterly call. Compared to what we have been witnessing over the past couple of years we are 
getting back on to the growth path and our Q1 is significantly better than what it was compared 
to the preceding year. So, the way we would like to take it forward is as follows. Abhinav Goyal 
who is the Head of Finance, he would take you through our presentation and subsequently I and 
the rest of the team are here to answer all your queries. 
Over to you, Abhinav. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes. Thank you very much. I'm Abhinav this side. So, this quarter is a quarter of a start for us, 
a lot of starts has already been done. First part is much awaited question of our investors when 
a regular MD will join and now, we are having answer. So Mr. Balaji is with us, and second 
question which we frequently used to have from investors is when the business will start. This 
quarter we are having a ₹566 crores of disbursement. As a result, there is an increment in our 
portfolio from where we were standing at the end of the last quarter. Our portfolio is been 
increased to ₹ 5,577 crores. 
In terms of our profitability our total income has been ₹161 crores. There is a marginal decline 
in comparison to previous quarter. The major reason is that there was a re-payment of around ₹ 
1,400 crores in last year. This repayment has been reduced now to slightly more than ₹200 crores 
in this quarter. As a result of this and with the additional disbursement there is an increase in our 
portfolio. Now our profit before tax stood at ₹ 59 crores for this quarter in comparison to ₹ 19 
crores last quarter. The major contributor for increase in profitability is ECL provision. whereas 
we were having significant ECL provisioning last quarter which has been reduced to a 
reasonable extent this quarter, just slightly lower than ₹5 crores. Our NIM for the quarter stood 
at ₹ 71 crores. Return on asset is stood at 2.77%. Our debt to equity has been improved from 
1.54x to 1.4x. So, though there is an improvement in our debt-to-equity, but we are expecting in 
time to come there will be upward with the additional disbursement, there will be improvement 
in terms of more portfolio with quality. And we believe that is what our investor is looking for. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Now in terms of total income we are having a total income of  ₹ 161 crores. PBT already stood 
at ₹ 59 crores. Tax expenses are around ₹ 15 crores and then earnings per share is ₹ 0.69. So, 
this is the brief of financial performance of the company. I now request our MD to take it 
forward. 
R Balaji: 
Thanks. Abhinav for sharing the financials. The way I would like to continue is two-fold. First, 
I will just give a brief overview in what the quarter was and what we intend to do in the remainder 
of the year. That will be the first part. Subsequently, we'll open the lines for any queries on your 
behalf. Like what Abhinav said in Q1 we disbursed ₹566 crores. To provide a perspective our 
disbursement in the first quarter of this year was almost similar to what the company had 
disbursed in last financial year. Because of which the downward trend in our AUM has been 
arrested and we will witness a small increment of around ₹170 - ₹180 crores in our AUM. 
 
Secondly, there was no fresh slippage as far as NPA was concerned because of which of our 
gross Stage 3 declined by ₹2-odd crores. And as far as NPA is concerned more or less constant 
and our net NPA is also came down by around ₹ 2-odd crores per se. We have been able to 
maintain our yields on our portfolios.  
There has been an increase in the cost of funds primarily due to a downward revision of our 
credit rating, which happened on June 14, but we expect that over the next few months in lieu 
of the corrective actions taken by the company and more importantly a full-fledged robust 
management team in place we expect the reversal to happen in the next few quarters. 
 
The couple of highlights of the quarter 1 was as far as disbursement was concerned. But 
secondly, more importantly we have achieved significant progress and closure in terms of most 
of the issues that was plaguing the company in the previous year. Now going forward, what we 
intend to do, first, stabilize the operations of the company. The way I will put it, most of you 
will be aware of some of the many issues that have been plaguing the company. We have put in 
place structural mechanisms to ensure that these issues do not recur. Second thing we'll be 
focusing on improving the employee engagement because one of the critical things for us as an 
organization is the quality of the people. 
 
We have a highly competent set of managers. What we intend to do is to enhance the engagement 
so that we'll be able to go full-fledged out into the market to garner business. As far as business 
is concerned, I would like to take it on two sides; one is on the asset side and subsequently on 
the liability side. 
 
As far as asset is concerned, we will be focusing on de-risking the portfolio. This de-risking the 
portfolio would happen along two dimensions. As we intend to move towards being a full-
fledged infrastructure player, so, moving into various parts of the infrastructure value chain, and 
more importantly, across any particular value chain; whether you take energy value chain, we 
intend to operate across all parts from generation, transmission and distribution. That is the one 
thing which we intend to do. 
 
Second thing we intend to do is to ensure that our portfolio quality and stability, is not adversely 
impacted by any slippages that could happen in the future. So, we'll be focusing on more of 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
smaller ticket projects which ensures that even the decision-making process is speeded up, and 
more importantly, each of these projects at an individual level would not have a significant 
impact on the portfolio. 
 
While we do this, we would also focus on diversifying the fund mix. At this point of time, nearly 
97% of it comes from the banks. So, one thing is to deepen our engagement with the banks so 
that we get more line from a more number of banks. And more importantly, also get into other 
sources of funds, like look at mutual funds, it's a very significant area, which we intend to focus 
on.  
And the other thing which we are pursuing on which the organization has been focusing on the 
last couple of years, is to enhanced thrust on achieving closure on stressed assets. You will be 
hearing news about these in the next couple of quarters. We expect significant resolution in our 
stressed asset portfolios. Through all this, what we intend to achieve is to reduce our gross NPA 
and Stage 3 assets, both at an aggregate gross level as well as at a net level. 
 
And towards this, we will also be having a re-look at our portfolio. While currently, we believe 
that we are adequately provided for, we do stress testing to see that anything else which we need 
to do to ensure that the overall portfolio stability is maintained. This is what we intend to do.  
And we are also planning a lot of initiatives. But as and when, we will see progression in the 
next 3 to 4 months, and as and when we finalize the same, we'll be sharing it with you. 
 
Abhinav, would you like to say anything or we can open for questions. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
We may open for question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Monica Arora from Share Gain Wealth Advisor. Please go ahead 
Monica Arora: 
I would like to ask that how do you see the sector mix transforming in the next couple of years, 
especially in FY '25. And also, if you can share a broader outlook, like according to you, how 
will the sector perform and your thoughts on the same? So just that idea. 
R Balaji: 
Yes. Thanks. Could you please clarify what exactly you mean by the sector mix transforming? 
Monica Arora: 
So how would be the mix between the sectors basically? 
R Balaji: 
At an industry level or at PFS level. 
Monica Arora: 
I want to understand at both. 
R Balaji: 
Okay. Let me start. Second part is easy. We do not want to give any significant forward-looking 
statements, but I can go as far as the past is concerned. In the past, one of sector we have heavily 
overweight on is thermal. Now if you look at how it has been happening, one, from the energy 
sector, we have shifted more into renewables and thermal accounts for only for 6% of overall. 
But the larger question at this stage is the shift between energy and non-energy. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
We believe there is sufficient play for us to operate not just in energy but also in other forms of 
infrastructure like roads, wastewater plants, sewage treatment plants and other forms of 
infrastructure, that's where we intend to be. 
 
And if you look at the overall industry prognosis, the government has been investing heavily in 
infrastructure over the past few years. Even in this year's budget ₹11.11 lakh crores, is the 
amount that government is intending to spend on infrastructure. 
 
In addition, if you consider the investments by the various private sector entities where the 
private sector entities is not very large in comparison to the government, we are looking at 
around ₹12-13 lakh crores investment in this. 
 
The way we are looking at it, each of these pieces have got an immense potential. While 
government primarily is in the area of roads, highways and other infrastructure sectors; but if 
you take renewable as a play, the potential only in renewables across the country over the next 
10 years, will be close to ₹15 lakh crores. That is the investment that would be required. 
 
While some of it or most of it would be mega projects per se, but there is play across the entire 
spectrum in terms of projects ranging from 5-10 MWs to as large as 5 GWs to 5-10 GWs. So, 
there is play across the entire energy spectrum. Similarly, if you take other parts of the energy 
value chain, for example, like transmission, while the thrust has been on interstate transmission 
power lines, now going forward, there will be requirements for intrastate or feeder lines. So the 
two critical takeaways from this is;  
1. 
projects are available across the spectrum from small to large, that is one.  
2. 
investments are being made not only at the generation level but across both distribution and 
transmission level. So, this is what we are seeing. 
 
And if you look at the other aspects also whether you take a look at other forms of energy; & 
this year's budget spoke a lot about compressed biogas, and that's essentially converting an 
adversity in opportunity. As it is, this is organically generated both at the city level and the 
biomass level in the rural area. This, in fact, contributes to global warming because many of 
these lead to emission of methane. So, through this we are converting and generating valuable 
energy out of it. This is something we envisage going forward. Third thing, after a lot of this, 
the thrust on clean cities infrastructure. This means that waste management would be of a priority 
area, both for the solid waste as well as waste water. Waste water, in fact, would be a significant 
opportunity because India is one of the most water-stress countries in the globe. So therefore, 
reusing, recycling water would be a big opportunity that would make immense sense going 
forward. 
 
These are the areas which we want to see. And just to put in a single phrase, we will ensure that 
our organization's growth areas is aligned with the thrust areas driven by the government in 
terms of participating across the various infrastructure value chain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni from Almondz Global Securities. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Congratulations, Mr. Balaji for taking over as a new MD of the company. You have taken over 
as MD at a very challenging time when the company is trying to come back on a very with a lot 
of cleaning, cleaning needs to happen and executives need to be appointed. So, looking at this, 
what made you to take this assignment. And going ahead, what are your strategies as far as 
building up the existing team is concerned. And then bringing back the investor confidence to 
the company? 
R Balaji: 
Thanks. Actually, it's not as challenging time as what you have made it out to be. They say that 
darkest hour is before dawn. Actually, most of the heavy lifting is already been done by my 
colleagues who have been in the organization for the past couple of years. We were a prisoner 
of circumstances, which was much beyond the control of most of the organization. Now with 
the organization completely on-board, we'll be going back to the growth path. 
 
And the way we are seeing it is, we have missed out 5 to 6 years. It's like a bad dream and we'll 
be getting forward to it. At least there’s no magic ingredient or sauce. We are in financial 
services. The only assets the company has are its people. So, every day, when the people go back 
home, the assets of the company comes to zero. Basically, the hard assets, furniture, etc, don't 
matter much. So, the primary thing is to unleash the energy of the people. As if we actually look 
at what's happened in the past, we've been a power financier, and even if you look at a 10- 15-
year track record of this organization, the quality of the projects that have been appraised and 
lent, is significantly better compared to the industry average. Therefore, we intend to go back to 
it. Our book has essentially de-grown not because of portfolio quality issues, it had de-grown 
because we had stopped fresh lending. Once we get back on to the lending, we'll be able to do 
it. 
 
So, the two critical things is:  
1. 
unleashing the energy of the people.  
2. 
more importantly, wining the trust and credibility with the various other stakeholders, that 
is the regulators as well rating agencies as well as the larger financial institutions would be 
the providers of funds for this organization. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Right. Sir, in terms of asset quality. Like you've made a statement that these are in very advanced 
stage of resolution. So, what kind of recovery we are expecting in the current financial year as 
well as our sanction and disbursement targets for FY '25? That's what I wanted to know. 
R Balaji: 
We would not want to give any such advance figures at this point of time. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Okay. And on the recovery front? 
R Balaji: 
That’s an advance figure, right? 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Okay. No problem, sir. 
R Balaji: 
We can tell you, currently, if you take a look at our net NPA, it declined by ₹2 crores. Compared 
to March it's come down to ₹140 crores. Our endeavour is that as our balance sheet keeps on 
growing, as our loan book keeps on growing, this figure does not increase much, so that as a 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
proportion, it will always keep on reducing. Currently, it's around 3-odd percent of our net NPAs 
to assets and there will be significant reduction. 
 
Now the reason why we cannot give a figure for resolution of stressed assets is as these are not 
retail assets where the process is very well defined and there are lots of cases so therefore some 
might proceed faster, some might proceed bit easier to give an average number. 
 
Here the number of stressed asset cases itself is low in number. And while we do whatever effort 
we take, there are circumstances, which are beyond our control and therefore it's not possible. 
We know whether it's feasible or not- that we are aware, but whether it would fructify in 3 
months or 6 months or 9 months, it is not possible for us to give an authentic figure on that. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Okay, sir. And what is our current outstanding sanction book. 
Sitesh Sinha: 
Good afternoon. This is Sitesh Sinha. So, our loan book is ₹5,600 crores. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Right. So sanction this quarter, ₹525 crores, new sanctions were there. So total outstanding 
sanction book? 
Sitesh Sinha: 
Outstanding, we have another ₹300 to ₹400 crores to be disbursed. So that is the additional 
amount we have sanctioned. We are creating new pipeline. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
All the best, Mr. Balaji. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kashmira Patel, who is an individual investor. 
Kashmira Patel: 
What would the NIM guidance for FY'25 look like? 
R Balaji: 
See, look, currently if you actually look at NIM, there will be a decline in NIM guidance., It's 
very simple, because currently, our debt equity is low. As we start growing faster, our debt to 
equity would increase, therefore, the NIM would come down. So our thrust would be on focusing 
on projects which are better in quality, although the yields could be relatively lower. So that's 
what we intend to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Pandey who is an individual investor. 
Manoj Pandey: 
I welcome Balaji as new MD & CEO. And I would like to mention that in the last 5 years, while 
other finance companies, were growing at the rate of 20% to 30%, this company had been 
declining their loan book by 20% to 30%. Now, I know that you are here since last only 20 days. 
You must have worked out some strategy and we as an investor we would like that the 
opportunities which we have lost is recouped very shortly. So what is your strategy, sir? Can 
you please explain us? 
R Balaji: 
The strategy is still being worked out because it's easy to do things and tougher to undo them. 
But essentially if we want to look into it, we would like to divide it into three parts. The first 
part is to ensure that most of the issues that have been affecting or plaguing the company in the 
past few years do not recur. These are primarily procedural, or related to some sort of 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
governance. We've got notices from SEBI and few other regulators, etc. Putting together 
processes and structures in place so that they do not repeat in the future. 
 
Now secondly, linked to it is, because of what has happened in the past, we saw, for example, 
there have been issues with other regulators. We have lost the trust of financial regulator that is 
RBI. We have also lost trust of the rating agencies that we have been downgraded compared to 
the earlier ratings. Therefore, the second set of action would be taken through our story, what 
we intend to do, build reassurance amongst them, so that we have convinced that we are a great 
company.  
Now paradoxically, if you look into it, despite the troubles what the company has had, our capital 
adequacy has in fact increased. Our capital adequacy is well in excess of 40%. So therefore, 
from a point of your capital strength, our ability to service existing borrowings, it's very, very 
high. Two, whatever issues that the company has faced, it has got nothing to do with its financial 
results. Our portfolio is very clean compared to the overall industry averages. So therefore,–
there are no; if one could say any hidden skeletons as far as the financial statements are 
concerned. So, we are entirely confident that if the governance aspect is resolved in the next 
couple of months, and subsequently, we build trust with the regulators. 
 
Third, getting on-board the team's commitment, getting them aligned to a common objective. 
We'll be working out a plan and in the next few months when we're ready once the Board 
approves it. We'll also be able to share it with external world. Once we start implementing it, 
that's the thing we will have to see. 
 
One of the things at least we can relatively say we intend to focus on is growth quarter-on-
quarter. The growth might be high or might be low depending on, as you know, on the nature of 
business which we are in. The lending is always bulky. We are not a retail organization. But the 
de-growth, which has been witnessed on a quarter-on-quarter basis for the preceding 2, 3 years; 
that has stopped. The first quarter was a beginning point. But going forward, that's what we 
intend to do. 
 Manoj Pandey: 
Thank you, sir. I think you have got a clean plate right now. Because the book size has been 
changed, the management has been changed. And now one is the growth phase has come, which 
in your leadership, I think, we would have good days ahead. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash Verma, who is an Individual Investor. 
Akash Verma: 
So here is my question that we see a good improvement in provision and contingencies on Q-o-
Q basis. So can you please throw some light on this sizable change? And what would our 
guidance be for whole year FY'25? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Thank you, Akshay. Thanks for participating. I'm Abhinav this side. So, as you may be knowing 
that we are following an ECL methodology, Expected Credit Loss methodology. So, whatever 
the provision is to be provided, we are providing it upfront in our financials. Last quarter, we 
observed that in one of the account, some provisions, additional provision, I should say, has to 
be provided, which we have provided. But now this quarter, we impact our portfolio and observe 
that nothing more has been provided. And in line with the policy which we are following 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
consistently over a period of time, whatever the additional required which was ₹4.77 crores has 
been provided, right? So that is a consistency with policy which we are following. 
 
Now in terms of the guidance for financial year 2025, as MD Sir has said that it's too early to 
come out. We are introspecting ourselves. And probably in time to come, we will come out with 
a clear guidance. 
Akash Verma: 
Yes, yes. Got it. Also one more thing that what is the comfortable level of debt to equity 
according to you for FY '25. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So debt to equity as you know ,we are already more than comfortable at 1.4x and as far Reserve 
Bank of India, we've been allowed in multiples of 1.4x. So that is a cushion being available to 
us for doing additional business, and that is the comfort being available to our esteemed 
investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashmira Patel, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Kashmira Patel: 
Thanks for the opportunity to present my question once more. And I wanted to have like a brief 
on guidance for disbursement as well as return on asset as well as equity for FY '25. 
R Balaji: 
We said earlier we don't want to give any guidance, right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Pandey, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Pandey: 
Hello. Sir, I have one more question. I wanted to know, there are 6, 7 NPA accounts, out of 
which, which accounts are on the verge of resolution in this quarter, I mean Quarter 2. 
R Balaji: 
See, that is internal information. We are actually pursuing all options in terms of pursuing 
legally, forcing through the insolvency process, pursuing an OTS with almost all of them. As 
you know, the time lines in the country get elongated. It is very, very tough to see what will get 
resolved by Quarter 2, is what we can say at this point. 
Manoj Pandey: 
In previous quarter management also gave information on which of the accounts are on the verge 
of resolution. 
R Balaji: 
Look, you have got two options. The old management used to give the guidance and have a 
decline in the book, whereas we have started having a growth in the book, what do you want? 
You want to get the guidance and want the book to... 
Manoj Pandey: 
No no not Sir,... 
R Balaji: 
See, the reason is until something definite happens, as there are lots of impediments. The legal 
process within the country is not very streamlined and we may think the issues are resolved and 
it would happen.  

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
So, what we have done in that is to ensure that our financials are not impacted, we have ensured 
that we have provided an impairment reserves –if you look at the balance sheet of FY '24 also, 
as far as this, around ₹115 - ₹120 crores have been provided for it. That will take care of it. 
 
What we can say, going forward, we expect in the next 9 odd months, at least around 20% to 
30% of our stressed assets to be resolved by March '25. We can’t tell you whether it happens in 
Quarter 2 or Quarter 3 or Quarter 4; that's not possible at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Debashish from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Debashish: 
So, two questions. Number one is on the debt to asset side. I'm very sure that you are also aware, 
most of the finance companies operating at 3x to 4x of leverage. So just trying to understand 
what is the leverage target that we have in our mind? That is one. 
 
And second question is, if you look at the way you explained your target markets, on the one 
side, there is a huge amount of growth opportunity that is completely agreed. But on the other 
side, I got a little confused when you said that you will only focus on small ticket size businesses. 
So just trying to get some sense of what is your comfortable ticket size there? So these are the 
two questions I have. 
R Balaji: 
Thanks, Debashish. I'll come to the latter part of the question first. See, if you look historically 
in 2018, the company's book was close to ₹14,000 crores- that was the peak it had reached. And 
even at that point of time, the largest project that was funded was some ₹400 - ₹450 crores, 
which meant the largest project was around 3% - 3.5% of the overall book size, not more than 
that. 
 
Now if you look at it today at the end of Quarter 1, our book size is ₹5,500 crores. So obviously, 
if you do ₹400 - ₹450 crores, it's a significant risk. While if we do ₹400 -₹500 crores, it's easier 
to pick the book but we are creating a risk. So, we want to ensure that no fresh disbursement is 
more than 5% of our AUM at any point of time, from now on going forward. 
 
Now coming back to a former question, you're right, debt equity ratio is 1.4:1, it’s very, very 
low. Financial organization operates only on leverage. So therefore, if we are able to execute 
our plan successfully, we should be able to achieve in the next 18-24 months a significantly 
higher number, possibly doubling of the debt-to-equity ratio. That's what we intend to do. 
 
The important thing is, while we are choosing small projects. If we’re going to the larger 
projects, obviously, in view of our current rating, which is not very high; therefore the large 
projects are funded by very large financiers. We will need to take a significant hit on our margins, 
if we have to participate in it. While it will add to the AUM, its ability to add to the bottom line 
would be very, very limited.  
Therefore, we want to be in a sweet spot wherein when we finance a projects, where risk-
adjusted return is high, its ability to impair the balance sheet is limited and finally, more 
importantly, the margins that accrue are significant so that we are able to grow in a profitable 
manner. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Debashish: 
Understood, sir. So is it fair to assume that going forward, our growth will be high and our NIM 
will keep on coming down because the current NIM that we report on  that number, it is very 
difficult to fund projects, good projects in power and infra space consistently. So, is it a fair 
assumption that our NIM will come down and growth will be aggressive? 
R Balaji: 
Currently, the NIM is high also because of the low debt to equity. So once the debt to equity 
keeps on increasing, as we start growing, NIM will come down. And the second thing to your 
first question in regards to growth - in this industry, there's always a significant amount of pre-
payments. When you restart, the growth will take some time. So, the way we would like to call 
FY24-25 would be the year of stabilization, wherein internally the organization is geared up in 
terms of processes, practices, capabilities to be out into the marketplace. Then we grow. 
Obviously, we're at a low base, so automatically, it will be growth. But significant growth would 
be happening in 2/ 3 quarters down the line. At this point of time, the critical task for us is 
liability management. Once we build confidence amongst the various financial institutions, 
whether the banks or others, then we'll be in a position to be out in the market and canvas larger 
projects. That's what we will be focusing on in the next few quarters. 
Debashish: 
One last question. So obviously, you have joined very recently, you may not have got sufficient 
time to analysis everything. But as far as our manpower capability is concerned and our risk 
management system is concerned, do you think that we are properly equipped in both the two 
cases to first stabilize and then grow. 
R Balaji: 
I think, I had referred this earlier also; our portfolio quality is good. For example, we are 
primarily a financier in the power sector. If we actually look at the RBI published annual banking 
statistics report, and the increase in the power sector for the past 10- 15 years. And if one looks 
at the NPA percentage of PFS; that will clearly show that we have been significantly better than 
the average. 
 
So therefore, the quality of the manpower that we have got is amongst the best in the country. 
There's no doubt about it. We got derailed because of certain extraneous issues. Once those 
constraints are removed; we set in place, build the engagement and start going back to the 
market; there is no reason why growth should not come back to us. 
Debashish: 
Okay. And do you sharing this number, sir, what is the current NPAs under, in the process of 
resolution and how much have you provided for? 
R Balaji: 
If we can look at the presentations, there Stage 3 assets and the net stage 3, etc., that we think is 
possible to get. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Debashish from Svan Investments. 
Debashish: 
Just taking this opportunity to ask a few more questions, sir, as there is no much question on the 
queue. So sir, again, as far as the macro this thing is concerned, there are 2 or 3 players in the 
name of PFC, REC who are also acting in the same space which you are in. Obviously, the size 
is very different. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
 
So do you think that there is a sufficient space for a third player because if I talk to those guys, 
they are talking about very aggressive numbers of 15%, 20% growth on a very large book of 
like ₹4 lakh, ₹4.5 lakh crores, ₹5 lakh crores. 
 
So do you think that there is a sufficient space. And my sense is that banks will also come back 
into funding corporate books because there is a pressure in retail and unsecured. So, is there a 
sufficient space for us to get the growth back that we are targeting? 
R Balaji: 
That's a good question. See, the important thing is if you said they got ₹4 lakh- ₹5 lakh crores 
balance sheet size and that's the reason when they'll be focusing on large projects where the 
typical disbursements in few thousand crores, on a few tens of thousands crores- that's what they 
have been doing.  
And therefore, there are a lot of small distributed projects also coming in, which would be 
anywhere between ₹50 crores to ₹200 crores. And they would not be focusing much on them, 
and that's what we intend to focus upon.  
 
To your question, we are a credit starved country. There is space for lot of people in the country. 
There is possibly space for a couple of more PFCs. So if you've got lots of money, you can set 
up an infrastructure finance company. It will be great to get into this space at this point of time. 
 
Budget also; even government is spending ₹11 lakh crores in the infrastructure sector. Plus 
private sector capex is taking off. Even renewables, etc, is mostly in the private sector domain. 
We're infrastructure deficit country. It's a great space to be in from 10-15-year perspective. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Balaji Rangachari for closing comments. 
R Balaji: 
Thank you all. So basically, you would have listened to quite a few calls in the past few quarters. 
Possibly after quite some time, this is the first quarter where we have witnessed a small uptick 
as far as the AUM is concerned. What I would like to reassure you is as a company is excellently 
poised. Once we do the internal correction, structural changes, we'll be getting back to the growth 
part. 
 
It's not a question of whether PTC Financial Services will be able to execute a successful 
turnaround, but the question is when. We are clear about where we want to go. And the question 
is whether we'll reach to our goal in whether 18 months or 24 months, but definitely we'll be 
able to do so. And we thank you for your interest in our organization. Thank you. Good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PTC India Financial Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
*********************************************** 
