 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LTD. 
R 
 
Registered Office: 
Office Nos. 1101 to 1107, 11th Floor, Icon Rio, 
Behind Icon Business Centre, Dumas Road, 
  Surat-395007, Gujarat, India. 
       Tel.           :   +91-261-2398991-95 
       Fax           :   +91-261-2398996 
        E-mail       :   office@anupamrasayan.com     
Website    :  www.anupamrasayan.com 
CIN  - L24231GJ2003PLC042988                 
 
 
        ARILSLDSTX20240820033                                                                                       Date: August 20, 2024 
To,                                                                         
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
SCRIP CODE: 543275 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051, India 
SYMBOL: ANURAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of Anupam Rasayan India Limited (the “Company”) for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclose herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2024, held by the Company on Wednesday, August 14, 2024.  
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.anupamrasayan.com.  
 
We request you to kindly note the same and take into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
                                                                                        
Encl.: As above 
ASHISH 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH GUPTA 
Date: 2024.08.20 
12:34:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Anupam Rasayan India Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, ANUPAM 
RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
MR. GOPAL AGRAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KHURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL THAKKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Krishna Patel from Ernst & Young. Thank you and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Krishna Patel: 
Thank you and good evening, everyone. Welcome to Anupam Rasayan India Limited Q1 FY25 
Earnings Call. 
Please note that a copy of the disclosure is available on the investor section of the Website as 
well as on the Stock Exchange. 
Anything said on this call which reflects the outlook towards the future, or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the 
company faces. Please note that the audio of the earnings call is a copyright material of Anupam 
Rasayan and cannot be copied or rebroadcasted, attributed in press or media without specific 
and written consent of the company. 
Today, from the Management side, we have with us, Mr. Anand Desai - Managing Director; Mr. 
Gopal Agrawal - Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Amit Khurana - the Chief Financial Officer and 
Mr. Vishal Thakkar – the Deputy Chief Financial Officer. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Anand Desai for his “Opening Comments”. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anand Desai: 
Thank you, Krishna. Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Call of Anupam Rasayan. I hope you all are doing well. 
Let me share a sectoral view, followed by the updates for the Quarter gone by: 
The agricultural industry is facing significant headwinds since last one year, largely due to the 
unwinding of the channel inventories. We anticipate this trend to persist until the end of H1 
FY25, after which we expect the demand to strengthen. Our consistent efforts to expand our 
Pharma and Polymer portfolio are beginning to pay off. As indicated in the previous earning 
call, in Q1 FY25, our Pharma and Polymer segments have contributed to our revenue in double 
digit at 15% and 10% respectively. We expect this trend to continue through FY25. This is a 
shift towards a more balanced portfolio. With higher contributions from the Pharma and Polymer 
businesses will enhance well for sustainable growth going forward. 
Now, let me highlight our Financial Performance for the Quarter under review: 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
Our consolidated operating revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 254 crores with the Y-o-Y 
degrowth of 34%. These degrowth on account of lower volume offtake in Agrochemical 
segment. The EBITDA margin was at 23% in Q1 FY25, lower by over 5% points on account of 
lower sales. With higher contribution from Polymer and Pharma business this year, coupled with 
ramp up of the LOIs and contracts, we expect our revenue growth to come back from H2 FY25. 
Also, we expect all our plants to be commercialized this year. 
At Anupam Rasayan, sustainability is one of the key pillars of our business. Over the years, we 
have invested in multiple initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint, including our recent 
decision to invest Rs. 59 crores in a hybrid power plant that combines solar and wind energy 
generation with a combined capacity of 9.6 MW. This project is expected to save approximately 
Rs. 15 crores annually in energy cost. This investment, along with our previous investments in 
renewable energy projects, will ensure that 65% of the company’s electricity consumption comes 
from green energy sources and would take us closer to our goal of being energy net zero by 
2027. 
Coming back to the future prospects of the company, I would like to highlight that multiple 
drivers, including ramp up of revenue from LOIs and contracts, Pharma, Polymer and fluorine 
rate molecules would drive the growth of the Company. This growth will be further supported 
by a revival of the Agrochem segment from latter half of the year. 
I would also like to mention that completion of the CAPEX plans which we had undertaken 
along with our existing capacity is self-sufficient for our growth in the midterm. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Gopal Agrawal - the Chief Executive Officer 
of our company, to discuss the “Business Updates”. Over to you, Gopal bhai. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you, Anand bhai. Hello and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q1 FY25 Earning 
Call. I will begin by briefly discussing business highlights first and then I will hand it over to 
Amit bhai to cover the financial highlights with you. 
As mentioned by Anand bhai, we are experiencing some headwinds in the Agrochem segment; 
however, Pharma and Polymer segments have been seeing a strong growth supported by our 
recently launched 15+ new molecules. We expect higher contribution from these segments, as 
this molecule will start ramping up and 5+ new molecules that are planned to be launched this 
year. 
Our investment in Tanfac which provides us with the supply security for fluorinating agent 
which are starting raw material for our fluorination chemistry have also started yielding results. 
We have been able to commercialize 12+ molecule in the last year alone and we will also enter 
into multiple LOI securing long-term contracts thereby ensuring enough and more demand for 
us. This has also supported our growth in the Pharma and Polymer segment. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
Further, on the business development side, I would like to inform you that our efforts in Japan 
and USA are yielding results. More particularly, in Japan, we are experiencing strong traction, 
particularly for our fluoropolymers with significant support from our local business development 
team in the region. We anticipate that within next 2-3 years, approximately one-third of 
Anupam's sales will originate from Japan with all business being secured through long term 
contracts. Additionally, we have several new Polymer products currently in our R&D that are 
targeted for supplying in US market as well. 
With this, to take you through the financial highlights, I would like to hand over the call to our 
CFO. Over to you, Amit bhai. 
Amit Khurana: 
Thank you, Gopal bhai. Good evening, everyone. 
Let me take you through the “Financial Highlights” for the Quarter after which I will let Vishal 
bhai discuss the same further. 
Starting with the CAPEX front: 
As of 30th June 2024, we have already utilized Rs. 530 crores out of the total planned CAPEX 
of Rs. 670 crores. The balance CAPEX would be incurred during the coming quarters. 
Our working capital remains stable in absolute terms, and we expect it to stabilize further by the 
end of this fiscal with improvements anticipated in FY26. 
We are also focused on cost optimization and operational efficiency, which would not only have 
a financial and commercial advantage, but also will help in achieving our ESG goals. 
Our strategic focus coupled with our expansion plan position us well for long-term growth. 
With this, I hand over the floor to our Deputy CFO, Vishal bhai, who will take you through the 
financials in detail. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Amit bhai. Hello and good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us here today. 
I would like to share some key performance highlights for the quarter ended 30th June 2024 and 
then we will open the floor for a question-and-answer session. 
Before I proceed, I hope you all have had a chance to go through the detailed Presentation and 
the Results submitted to the Exchanges and uploaded on our Website. Kindly note our numbers 
for the quarter are on consolidated basis and they include Tanfac numbers as well. 
Let me discuss on the Consolidated Highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2024: 
Operating revenues for Q1 FY25 was at Rs. 254 crores as compared to Rs. 386 crores in Q1 
FY24, a decline of 34% Y-o-Y. EBITDA including other income was at Rs. 59 crores in Q1 
FY25 as compared to Rs. 114 crores in Q1 FY24. This would translate to an EBITDA margin 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
of 23% for the quarter. Profit after tax was at Rs. 12 crores in Q1 FY25 as compared to Rs. 52 
crores in Q1 FY24. 
Moving on to the Standalone Financials for the Quarter Ended 30th June 2024: 
Operating revenue for Q1 FY25 was Rs. 164 crores compared to Rs. 289 crores in Q1 FY24, 
down 43% Y-o-Y. EBITDA including other incomes was at Rs. 43 crores in Q1 FY25 as 
compared to Rs. 88 crores in Q1 FY24. This would translate to an EBITDA margin of 25% in 
this quarter. The EBITDA was at 25%. Profit after tax at Rs. 1.4 crores in Q1 FY25 as compared 
to Rs. 35 crores in Q1 FY24. Our top 10 customers contributed about 77% of our total revenue. 
Now, I will open the floor for any Q&A that you would like to have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
S Ramesh: 
Sir, I had three parts of my question. One is in terms of the potential for addition to the second-
half revenue, how much would that addition be in rupees, crores based on whatever revenue lost 
in the first quarter because of order deferral? Second is, what is the addition you can expect from 
the commissioning of the new capacity? And third is how much is the additional revenue you 
expect to book from the new LOIs and contracts which you will start delivering in the second-
half? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Let me answer this in a broad manner. See, if you look at it today the revenue should have been 
doing Rs. 80-Rs. 100 crores more than what we have reported today on a standalone basis and 
that is primarily on account of the deferral of the demand. So, that is the number that you can 
expect in the second-half of the year, which will be spread over two quarters. Two, if you look 
at from a capacity, see, capacity, it is going to come at various stages, so I don't want to talk 
about too much in terms of their number that how much would that add. It could be marginal for 
the year, but largely it will be for the next year that you will see a large part of the revenue 
accruing from the new capacity as well. And third on the LOIs and contracts today, we estimate 
that around 20%-25% for this year's revenue should be from the LOIs and contracts which are 
commercialized over the last 1-2 years’ time. So, that is net-net with what we are trying to 
suggest. 
S Ramesh: 
So, if you are looking at a ballpark, Rs. 1,000-Rs. 1,100 crores revenue for the year, you are 
saying that you will get about Rs. 250 crores from the new LOIs and contracts in the second-
half, is my understanding correct? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
LOIs and contracts have talked about the whole year. Yes, largely it is back ended, but yes, it is 
the whole year that I am talking about. You are right. 
S Ramesh: 
So, over FY26 and ‘27, again on this base revenue you have existing LOIs contracts and the 
existing business and then you have the new LOIs and contracts. So, what will be the addition 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
to the FY26-27 new from, the new contracts and what will be the growth from the existing 
business? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
If I understand what you are asking is that from the total LOIs and contracts, what is the kind of 
number that we can expect over the next 2 years, is that the question that you are suggesting? 
S Ramesh: 
Yes, exactly. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, what I was saying was that my number, so this year, we are looking around about Rs. 250 
odd crores and we should be adding roughly around additional Rs. 200 crores each at least for 
the next 2 years is what our estimation would be. 
S Ramesh: 
And this is something which you are confident about, even with the kind of headwinds you are 
facing in Agrochemical. So, this is something which you can do right aspect of that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes, because I will tell you two things. One is Agrochemical is also there, but also please 
appreciate that a lot of my new contracts are of non-agro business as well, though it will come 
in the latter half of the next year or after that it will be coming in. So, you are right. We are 
feeling confident uncomfortable with these numbers especially with the kind of indication and 
the conversations that we have had. 
S Ramesh: 
Sir, if I just squeeze in one more thought on the balance sheet and your working capital, so 
incrementally when you ramp up your production, are you going to maintain your debt at current 
levels assuming that the working capital will go up for the additional revenue? And secondly, 
when do you see the reduction in the working capital in terms of number of days over the next 
2 years? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
I think it is two year horizon is the right number to see because that way I will have a better 
visibility to talk about, a better view to talk about. One, if you really look at it, last part of, if you 
look at, we today are sitting with the higher working capital and to that extent we believe that 
working capital will be released over next 2 years timeframe and we don't expect any significant 
requirement of the external debt to finance this growth in terms of working capital because the 
additional working capital that will be required for additional sales would be more supported by 
the release of the working capital that is there today and that is where I would say. Over next 2-
3 years’ time period, as we have been guiding in the past also we would be targeting the working 
capital cycle to come back with more numbers that we have been in the past around 2021 
timeframe, those will be the number of days and that is what our view is for now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is by FY27, again slightly on a longer horizon, what could be the mix between 
agro and non-agro? And again in terms of non-agro, what would be the mix between say Pharma, 
Polymers or any other new-age segment? 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, Rohit, I am also a bit of crystal gazing as you are. So, we take it with that much of a thing. 
But if you really ask me, crystal gazing is not the right word, I would say, but please understand 
this is 2 years out, so I am directionally I am giving you these numbers rather than taking it very 
specific to the numbers. I hope that is fair. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Absolutely, sir. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, then I would expect that Pharma should be around about 20%-25% of my revenue, Polymer 
should be of 10%-15% more towards 15% than 10%, but yes that should be there, and Personal 
Care should be in the range of 10%-12%. So, if you look at it and the balance should be the 
Agrochem is the number I would go with. Rohit, after two years, please don't hold me with these 
numbers and say you are exactly said this but directionally I am saying that the Polymer and 
Pharma will contribute more, and the Personal Care will remain around 10%-12% that we have 
seen. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, second question, now given that we are ending with the Rs. 670 crores of CAPEX this year, 
are we recalibrating next year CAPEX given the kind of environment we are currently in and 
every single company is talking about there has been new capacity additions happening in China, 
which is putting pressure in terms of incremental growth or volume. So, just your thoughts on 
the same and is there any competition coming particularly in some of our molecules or some of 
our user segments and that can also lead to maybe the CAPEX being recalibrated? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Rohit, if you remember and that we had undertaken a Rs. 670 crores of CAPEX. Now, we are at 
the fag end of it and we are confident that we will be completing this CAPEX and we don't see 
any reason for us to not complete this CAPEX. So, that is one part of the thing. And anyways, 
for the next year, we had not planned any new CAPEX because we have actually had enough 
CAPEX for our near to medium growth. So, anyways, new CAPEX was not planned for the next 
year any significant one there, may be some investments in wind and solar that we have talked 
about and also maybe a bit of repurposing of the plants. Other than that there is no significant 
capacity addition that was planned and hence we don't need to recalibrate because there wasn’t 
any in the first place. I hope that helps. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And anything on the China competition front? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, I think for us there is not much of it, maybe to my end customer in few products there may 
be competition. In specific from my products to my customers we don't see too much of that 
happening here. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And one just last clarification again, I am not going to hold you for the exact numbers, but on 
the broader margins front, incrementally, do we still hold to the range of maybe 25% to 27%, 
28% EBITDA margins for the next leg of products? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes, you can take that. That is a fair assumption. I would go with that. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
S Ramesh: 
So, if you look at your fluorination chemistry, I know it overlaps one or two segments. So, within 
the segments here, you have discussed between agro and non-agro, so where would the 
fluorination share of your overall revenue stand? And how does it move in the next two years? 
And broadly I think it is possibly split between the life sciences and non-life science in the order 
book and incrementally if you are looking at your margin guidance, this margin guidance kind 
of does it capture the share of fluorine chemistry, and different segments are going like Pharma 
and Polymers with the understanding that there could be plus or minus 100-200 basis point 
difference in the model. So, you can just put this in perspective, it will be useful? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
This quarter fluorination was around by 15% odd of my revenue. This year we are looking at 
around 20%-25% of my revenue coming from fluorination chemistry. And the fraction that we 
are seeing by 2027, we should be looking at about 30%-35% of our revenue coming from 
fluorinated products across various applications. 
S Ramesh: 
So, now in terms of the supply chain with the Tanfac, there are again two parts to this, one is, 
how much of HF have you firmed up with Tanfac in terms of their CAPEX plan to double their 
capacity and does that give you enough visibility on the requirement for ramping up your 
business on the new orders over the next 5 years or will Tanfac have to invest further in terms 
of additional capacity, what is that? And for Tanfac itself, what does it mean because we don't 
have much? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Let me answer the first thing, today with the CAPEX that we have planned out for Tanfac, the 
capacity is sufficient and enough for any requirement that we will have over not near them, but 
even a little longer term view also if we take, it would be sufficient for us and enough and more 
to be made available for the customers that they have been supplying today as well. What I am 
saying here is that first Tanfac expansion will ensure that we have enough and more available 
for Anupam to consume as much as it needs for its own growth needs, first. Second, I believe 
that with the expanded capacity, Tanfac would be able to service their current customers as well 
as our growth need is what I am saying. 
S Ramesh: 
So, in terms of your fluorine-based products based on the HF, overall, how does it change your 
margin and ROCE profile because if you are saying that the margins are going to be in this range 
or some products are actually going to be lower margins. So, in terms of ROCE how do we read 
that in terms of the asset turn, like if you take the Rs. 670 crore CAPEX, what is the asset turn 
you can expect on this new CAPEX commission and is that going to be the key lever for driving 
your ROCE improvement? How do you see that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, first, I think on a blended basis, again, as I had suggested to Rohit also that it will be in the 
ranges that we have talked about because there will be a blend here. There will be some products 
which will have a very high margin, but also there will be some products where there will be 
average margins and on a more blended basis, we believe that the number that we are guiding 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
should be achievable number one, especially Polymer would have a higher margin. So, as I was 
saying that the margins will be on the blended basis fairly the similar range that we have talked 
about because on Polymers, few segments, there will be a little higher margins, especially with 
the fluorinated products, Polymer products. And for the Pharma there may be tad lower but on 
a blended basis, this is the number that we can give you. Now, if you come to the ROCE and the 
capacity utilization, if you look at the new CAPEX that we are doing, that should give us the 
revenue of over around Rs. 1,100-Rs. 1,200 crores. And hence if you see the capital asset that 
we have created, we should be having a blended asset turn of over 1.5x and the kind of margins 
and the topline that we are talking about, we should be having a very healthy ROCE that we can 
expect here. 
S Ramesh: 
Sir, just one last clarification. So, this is Rs. 1,100-Rs. 1,200 crores and 1.5 asset turn by when 
would you be able to achieve this? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, Ramesh, the point is, it should be, that is the number that we will take around 2000 crores to 
3,000 crores of total revenue, right, because my current asset block also has the capacity to grow. 
I would not want to guide the number exactly by guess. I am just saying this is how I would say 
but for me. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
This is Gopal here. I can take some of the questions or maybe repeat on behalf of Vishal. 
S Ramesh: 
Yes, he was saying that he cannot put a timeline, but broadly, this is the guidance you are giving 
in terms of incremental revenue from the new CAPEX and asset turn, so just to get in terms of 
whether it will be possible by 27 or 28, because if you look at the run rate of Rs. 200-Rs. 250 
crores every year, it looks like it will take 3-4 years, so would it be realistic to expect this 
additional revenue from the new LOIs and the new CAPEX by 27 or would it be more like 28 
that will give us a sense in terms of when you can achieve that blended asset turn and 
improvement in ROCE, that was the basic spirit behind my question? 
Gopal Agrawal: 
No, I understand that. I think with the exception of the current year, I think as you have seen, as 
we have been guiding towards the growth of 25%-30%. So, with that in mind, I guess we should 
be able to kind of see that number in the period you are mentioning, some other around that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Chaturvedi from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: 
Firstly, if you could provide the breakup of exports and domestic business in this quarter, that 
will be very helpful? And also I would like to understand other than the deferment in the agri 
business that we have had, what is the impact or any sort of sense we can get from, how much 
of deferment can we expect in the rest of the year on other business? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
I would not want, see, I can give you the numbers on the Q1 in terms of split of domestic to 
export, but you would also understand that these are not the representative on especially with 
the deferment of the volume that we have talked about, one. And if you look at the deferment as 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
we had mentioned earlier that we would be around Rs. 80 to 100 crores of deferment, which we 
expect to come by the year end. So, in this year we would be able to recoup that demand that we 
have not had in the first quarter and first half. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: 
So, again, like I said, I would like to understand how much of this deferment is coming from the 
Agri portfolio? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Largely it is agri, very limited because that is where my large part of my contracted demand 
comes from. If you look at Personal Care has fairly done stable. Polymer and other products 
have also been stable, so large part of it is agri. 
Ayush Chaturvedi: 
So, could we expect a very strong resurgence in the agri in the latter half of the year like you 
have been mentioning. So, what sort of, you would have some sense of how much of it would 
start coming back? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, let me answer it in a very simple manner that my revenue that I have for the year will be 
equal or higher than have delivered in the last year. So, we believe there will be growth this year 
is what we are expecting. It will be marginal, even marginal, but it will be there from the 
feedback that we have got from the customers and their plans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference to the 
management for closing comments. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, thank you everyone for your participation and your queries. We hope we have been able to 
answer most of your queries. In case, we have missed out addressing any of your queries, kindly 
reach out to our IR partner, Ernst & Young and we will be happy to connect offline to answer 
those questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
