यूको बैंक 
 
UCO BANK 
सम्मान आपके विश्वास का 
Honours Your Trust 
________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
UCO Bank, Finance Department, Head Office, 3rd Floor, 02, India Exchange Place, Kolkata – 700 001 
Phone: 033 - 44557227,    E-mail: hosgr.calcutta@ucobank.co.in 
Follow UCO Bank onTwitter: UCOBankOfficial; Facebook: Official.UCOBank; Instagram: Official.ucobank; 
LinkedIn: UCO BANK; You Tube: UCO Bank Official 
 
HO/Finance/Share/137/2024-25                                                   Date: 26.07.2024 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                  
“Exchange Plaza”                                                      
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                        
Mumbai – 400 051                                                      
NSE Scrip Symbol: UCOBANK 
 
 
Madam/ Dear Sir 
 
 
Re: Transcript of Post Earnings Conference Call held on 22.07.2024 
 
We enclose the transcript of Post Earning Conference Call held, in pursuance to 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations and NSE guidance note dated 
29.07.2022. 
 
The transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet is uploaded on bank’s website and the 
same can be accessed through below link : 
 
https://ucobank.com/documents/d/guest/transcript-q1-fy-2024-25 
 
 
 
 
Please take the above on your records and disseminate.  
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For UCO Bank  
 
 
 
(Vikash Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532505 
Vikash Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Vikash Gupta 
Date: 2024.07.26 
11:26:20 +05'30'

 
Page | 1  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q1 FY25 RESULTS 
Post Earnings Conference Call with Analysts/Investors 
Date  
22.07.2024 
Time 
03:30 pm 
Mode  Virtual (Webex) 
 
 
 
Bank’s Senior Management is represented by : 
 
1. Mr Ashwani Kumar, Managing Director & CEO 
 
2. Mr Rajendra Kumar Saboo, Executive Director 
 
3. Mr Vijay N Kamble, Executive Director 
 
 
Moderator : M/s Antique Stock Broking Limited 
 
 
 
TRANSCRIPT 

 
Page | 2  
 
         
- Moderator: 
 
- Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for the Post 
Result Conference Call of UCO Bank for Q1FY25. It is my pleasure to introduce 
to you the senior management of UCO Bank. With us, we have – 
 
 Mr. Ashwani Kumar, MD & CEO  
 Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo, Executive Director and 
 Mr. Vijay N. Kamble, Executive Director.  
 
- We'll start the Concall by opening remarks from MD Sir and post which we'll 
open the floor for any Q&A. So, over to you MD Sir, and thank you.  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Thank you. I welcome all our analysts and investors to this Post Result 
Conference Call for the Q1 FY24-25. Along with me, to my right, is Mr. Saboo, 
our Executive Director, and Mr. Kamble, our Executive Director, our all-top 
management team including our verticals and corporate GMs are there to 
interact with you. 
 
- Let me just give you a brief background of our results and how we performed 
and what are the initiative bank is taking and then we'll be taking up the 
question and answer also from you. I believe that our presentation is available 
with you all and I'll give you the major highlights of our performance during this 
quarter. 
 
• Our total business grew by 11.46%. Total business comprising of deposit. 
Deposits grew by 7.39%, Advances grew by 17.64%. Out of Deposits, 
Saving Deposit grew by 5.47%, Current Account grew by 22.79%. Our 
CASA share improved by 52 bps to 38.62%. 
• Advances. Retail Advances grew by 21.84% on a YoY basis. That was 
supported by Home Loan growth of 20.37% on a YoY basis. Vehicle Loan 
growth of 33.33% on a YoY basis. Agriculture grew by 19.64% on a YoY 
basis. MSME grew by 14.04% on a YoY basis. 
• Our overall CD ratio improved by 628 bps to 72.07% on a YoY basis. 
 
- Let me talk to you about asset quality. 
 

 
Page | 3  
 
➢ Our Gross NPA has come down to 3.32% i.e., degrown by 116 bps on a YoY 
basis. 
➢ Net NPA has come down to 0.78%, i.e., 40 bps improvement over last year. 
➢ PCR of the bank has also improved by 88 bps to 95.76%. 
➢ Our Tangible PCR also improved to 77.05%, i.e., up by 257 bps on a YoY 
basis. 
➢ * Our SMA portfolio more than 1 crore, that is now 700 crore in one and two 
category.        It is 0.36% of the total standard advances.  
 
- Restructured book is coming down. Total Restructured Book is 3288 crore, of 
which Rs.2191 crore is COVID restructuring and general restructuring is 1097 
crore.  
 
- And when I talk about profitability, 
 
➢ Our Net Interest Income grew by 12.2% on a YoY basis and 3.05% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. However, Net Interest Income, our NIM improved. 
Domestic NIM improved by 26 bps to 3.29% on a YoY basis. Our Global NIM 
improved by 23 bps to 3.09% on a YoY basis. 
➢ Our Yield on Advances - domestic improved by 13 bps to 8.76%. Our Yield on 
Advances on global basis improved by 22 bps to 8.46%. 
➢ Our Operating Profit increased by 9.81% on a YoY basis to 1321 crores in this 
quarter. 
➢ Our Net Profit improved by 147% on a YoY basis to 551 crores. 
➢ Our CRAR improved by 24 bps to 17.09% on a YoY basis.  
 
- Our Cost of Deposit has come down over the last six months. In December’23 it 
was 4.91, now it is 4.79. It's a 12 bps reduction in cost of deposit. 
 
- Cost of Funds over six months has remained the same at 4.79. 
 
- Yield on Funds has improved from 7.94 to 8.36. Our Yield on Advances has also 
improved from 8.46% to 8.72% on a six months basis.  
 
- This is about the total business performance of the bank and now I'll just 
highlight about the initiatives which the bank has been taking over a period of 
time. Bank, as you all know, we had in the previous yearly results we have 
spoken about the IT initiative budget of Rs.1000 crore and various projects have 
already been started. Around Rs.280 crores of orders have been placed and 
certain other projects like Integrated Treasury, establishment of NOC Center, VM 

 
Page | 4  
 
setup and IT Asset Management and whitelisting, TBML Software at overseas 
center. All these have already been started. Now, we are in the process of floating 
RFP for SD WAN, APM, FXPC, Omni Channel, Network Refresh, Overseas 
Finacle Upgradation and Security Upgradation. So, all these initiatives will be 
taken up in this quarter and next quarter and we believe that by the end of this 
year all these projects will be up and running in various stages. 
 
- Bank started Tab Banking previously and now we have around 1700 branches 
which are already having Tab and we propose to take to 2000 this quarter and by 
the year end we intend to reach to all 3000 plus branches. 
 
- Bank has also introduced Green Deposit product wherein we are offering 
additional incentive to the Retail Term Deposits by 20 bps over the normal rate. 
 
- Bank to improve our CASA. 
 
- We have also introduced ‘UCO Pink Basket’ for our female customers wherein 
UCO Aprajita is a saving scheme, UCO Jai Lakshmi for women entrepreneurs 
through current account and UCO Sanchayika has RD scheme has also been 
launched to support our women customers. 
 
- Then, we have also started various initiatives to improve our customer service. A 
state- of-art Call Center has already been implemented. Now, we have started 
Customer Experience Cell also wherein we are talking to the customers whose 
grievances were redressed whether they are satisfied or not. That is in the 
process to enhance our customer journey. 
 
- To support MSMEs, we have launched various new products like MSME for 
purchase of their office for rice sellers. Co-lending tie up has also been started 
with three new tie ups with MAS Financial and certain other NBFCs. 
 
- In order to strengthen our underwriting standards, we have now started the hub 
structure across the bank. Earlier, we had only around 20%-25% branches 
connected through the hub structure, now all our branches are connected with 
the hubs from 1st July onwards. We have 43 Retail Loan hubs, we have 43 MSME 
and Agri hubs and we have 12 integrated hubs at certain state centers where 
MSME and Retail both are taken care. So, all these hubs have been put in place in 
order to enhance standardized underwriting standard across the bank. 
 

 
Page | 5  
 
- Further, to ease customer convenience, we have started new products also on 
digital initiative. STP journeys have been started. For Pension Loan, STP journey 
is there, for Top-up Gold Loan, it is there, pledge of Gold Loan is there. So, 
various initiatives have been started. We have also introduced e-vehicle product 
for our customers. For our Education Loan, we have revamped our Education 
Loan schemes to strengthen the Education Loan portfolio. 
 
- As regards staff is concerned, the average age of our staff is around 38.5 years 
and around 29%-30% is our female staff. And in order to strengthen, we are 
recruiting this year staff in…How many staff we are taking this year?  
 
- Management: 
 
- We have taken so far 305. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- In the clerical category. Customer Relationship.  
 
- Management: 
 
- Clerical and it is… 
 
- Management: 
 
- AFO. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- AFO. AFO.  
 
- Management: 
 
- Another 125 to be… 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Another 125 will be planned in this. So, we are also participating in all digital 
initiatives of RBI and knowledge hub also to strengthen our position there. 
 
- So, these are the few initiatives I thought let me speak in my opening address. 
Whatever is your queries, your observations, we'll be more than happy to 
address those. Thank you very much.  
 

 
Page | 6  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you, Sir. So, we’ll start the Q&A round. I'll call out the person name and 
he can unmute. So, our first question is from the line of Mr. Ashok Ajmera. I will 
request you to unmute yourself and go ahead with the question.  
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Compliments to you, Sir, for that number. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Thank you. Thank you, Ajmera ji. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- And on the profitability front also. The Net Profit also is improved. Even the 
Operating Profit is good. Provisions has been kept as usual, I mean normal this 
thing. Only thing, little bit I think provision for NPA is there. If you compare 
from the last quarter to now 396 crores and even this fresh addition in the 
slippages of the NPA is also little…We thought it is tapering down but still it is 
479 crores. Though your recovery from written off Account is good. 
 
- So, Sir, I mean, are we feeling still that we need to keep providing for the NPA 
because for the last 2-3 years book is very good actually? Yes, the asset quality 
has increased and our underwriting norms have also become solid and more 
better one. So, do you feel still that there is a need, I mean, the slippages will 
continue and there's need for more provisions for the NPA quarter after quarter? 
This is number one. 
 
- Number two, the recovery from the written off Account is good.. What is the 
total written off Account book of the bank? And whether you expect the same 
trend of recovery in the coming quarters of the year? 
 
- My third question is on this change in the policy of RBI for classification of our 
investments. And because of that we have taken a hit of 751 crore decrease in the 
General Reserves. So, if our Treasury can explain that why such a big amount 
had to be…? Otherwise, it would have been mark-to-market had practice would 
not have been changed. So, are we expecting a loss on that account if it would 
not have been reduced from the General Reserve or is there any other reason? 
 
- So, these are just my few questions now.  
 

 
Page | 7  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Okay. Thank you, Ajmera ji. See, Ajmera ji, first question was about slippage. 
See, if you look at slippage from our ‘2023, our overall slippage ratio was 1.75% 
and in next year ‘24 our slippage ratio was 1.3. So, we have been working to 
control our slippages on a quarter-on-quarter basis. On a yearly basis we have 
come down. And if you look at slippages in this quarter, that is 1.02%. So, our 
target is to keep it around 1% in this year also so that the decreasing trend 
continues. And when we are in a lending business, when the book is also 
growing then slippages cannot be ruled out. Number one. 
 
Number two, provisions. We as a precautionary measure, as a forward looking 
into new guidelines which may come in the times to come ECL, so what we have 
taken that we have provided extra provision on certain class of assets, right. And 
in Doubtful 2 category, where our asset is more than 1 crores, we have provided 
100% in all those assets; Doubtful 2 which are likely to go to the Doubtful 3. So, 
we have provided for fully in those assets. We have provided for around 50% in 
D 1 category also. So, that is on account of increased provisioning on a prudence 
basis which we have done in this quarter to increase our Provision Coverage 
Ratio also and to increase over Tangible Provision Coverage Ratio particularly. 
As a result, our net NPA has also come down and gross NPA is also now coming 
down with the controlled slippages and the recovery. 
 
- Third thing was, Sir, recovery in written off account, we have around 27,000 
crores, return of book available and now the trend is, the low hanging fruit from 
the written off book has already been recovered. Going forward, the run rate for 
recovery of return of accounts may not be at the same level but now we have to 
more depend upon the field ground level because small accounts are also part of 
the written off account. Out of 27,000 odd crores, 19000 crores is in the NCLT 
book. So NCLT hard core NPAs, out of that some are under liquidation also, they 
are under various stages. So going forward, it may not be the same trend but yes, 
if we have strengthened our field, we have brought out special OTS Scheme also 
from 1st July which will give boost to the return of recovery from the field from 
the next quarter onwards. 3rd thing Sir, that is you talked about the investment 
portfolio. Because of that, there is a decrease in the general reserve by 751. 
Actually it is not the decrease in the overall networth of the bank because it is on 
account of recap bonds and recap bonds which we were earlier taking on face 
value, now we have to take them on fair price value. As a result, which we were 
earlier deducting for calculating CRAR, this 751 crores, which now we are taking 
to the general reserve. So when we talk about CRAR, it will not have any overall 

 
Page | 8  
 
impact. So that we were already taking care at the time of calculation of CRAR, 
now it has come in the books. It’s as simple as that. 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo – Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
 
- Ajmera ji, good afternoon. Actually we can explain to you like this. Earlier we 
were taking this zero-coupon recap bonds of around 2600 crores at face value in 
our investments. But as per the RBI guidelines, because these are zero coupon 
bonds, we have to discount it to the NPV and accordingly the difference was 
taken into account for calculation of capital. So it was being reduced, the 
difference amount from the capital. Now as per the new guidelines, we have to 
basically fair value all the items in our investment, so we have done this fair 
valuation and due to this fair valuation, the same discount which was being 
applied on the capital is now taken into the general reserve directly. So now the 
investment value has also reduced to that extent, that is on fair value only now, 
not on gross value and the difference has been taken into the general reserve. So 
in totality if we see, the 750 crores is due to that majorly, even after taking that 
also, the net accretion is there which is being added into the capital due to this 
new valuation method. So overall, these new guidelines are capital accretive for 
the bank. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant:  
 
- So net net, no effect…. 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo – Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
 
- No impact, no impact. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant:  
 
- Sir, my 2nd question is on, every bank is facing this, deposit growth problem and 
we are also equally facing the same. But it’s better than some of the other banks. I 
think it is 2.67pc even in this quarter also. So how going forward in future, you 
continue to keep growing at the same pace. I think you are targeting around 13-
14pc of the credit growth. So then how do you maintain that? If the deposit 
mobilization is not there to that extent or rather it is decelerating, it is reducing 
rather. So one on that. And secondly, our NBFC portfolio is very good, I mean 
the size of the NBFC portfolio is I think around, almost around 14 odd percent. 
So going forward, do we continue to do the same trend of increasing that 
portfolio and what kind of yield overall we are generating from that portfolio? 
 

 
Page | 9  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- You are right Sir. I think credit deposit gap is a question mark on everybody’s 
mind. Let me just take you back to our CD ratio. Our CD ratio in March 23 was 
64pc and now we have reached in the last 5 quarters to 72pc. So we are having 
around 26pc of our SLR securities. Excess SLR securities are there. So whatever is 
maturing, we are using those securities also. We are using our….what you call 
that? Refinance facility also because this quarter I think we have taken around 
900 odd crores of refinance also and whatever avenues are there to raise through 
the TREPS market because cost of deposit is higher, so the cost of raising funds 
through the TREPS market is lower. So we are using TREPS market because we 
have excess SLR securities. Right? And we are planning to reach to 75pc by 
keeping our deposit growth of 8-10pc and advances rate of 12-14pc. We don’t 
foresee any challenge in reaching those levels. If you look at our deposit growth 
in this quarter, in this quarter our growth is around….total global deposit is 
around 2pc and overall domestic deposit growth is around, again same 1.89pc 
and on YoY, it is, 5.87pc. Our focus is on CASA this quarter and in the next 
quarter and retail term deposit, for that we have launched certain schemes also 
and we will continue to strive for low-cost deposit and retail term deposit and 
intend to reduce our dependence on bulk deposit. As a matter of policy, 
whatever bulk deposit was as on March 2023, now even today,  we are below 
that level and as a percentage, we are bringing it down on a quarter to quarter 
basis so that we widen our base and we accordingly take stable deposits over a 
period of time. The 2nd thing Sir, the NBFC exposure is around 14pc of our 
domestic advances. If you look at our figure, percentage of NBFC advances to 
total domestic advances is coming down on a quarter on quarter basis. So we 
intend to keep that percentage in that trend only. We don’t want to increase our 
percentage because NBFC exposure of 14% is reasonable. We don’t want to go 
beyond this also. So within this range, we will keep our exposure, overall 
exposure. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant:  
 
- Just one call, the overseas book, I mean which grew faster in this quarter. So 
where are we putting this money in the overseas…..we are an Indian company. 
What kind of yield are we getting on that? I mean, must be a very small meagre 
amount or we are getting some good handsome income from that? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- See, in overseas, our book grew, both in deposit also and in advances also. In 
advances, we are going for the primary syndication and secondary syndication 
also and wherever the, we have a reasonable NIM, so we are going for those 

 
Page | 10  
 
advances. And the corporates maybe from India also or overseas also, both type 
of corporates are there while entering into. For deposit, if you look at Y-o-Y basis, 
our deposit grew by around 4000 crores because while there was opportunity in 
overseas, while taking into that, I think the overall cost was lower than the cost of 
deposit which we were able to raise domestically. So we rose deposit from the 
overseas market, earlier also and the current quarter also because the overall cost 
was coming down. As a result, you will see, in this quarter, our cost of deposit 
has come down from the previous quarter and cost of funds has also come down 
slightly in this quarter. So, this is a calculated strategy that we monitor our rates, 
domestic and overseas on a daily basis through our Fund’s Committee and we 
take a call to raise deposits from which source it is convenient and cheaper mode 
of deposits. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant:  
 
- Ok Sir, thank you Sir. Thank you for this opportunity and if time permits, I will 
come again. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you. Our next question is from the line of M.B Mahesh. You can unmute 
yourself and go ahead. 
 
- Mr. M.B Mahesh – Participant:  
 
- Hi! Just one question – in slide 33, the SMA zero on the corporate and others has 
gone up from 366 crores to 1892 crores. If you can tell us what's happened here? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Just give me a second. Actually SME zero in one corporate account because that 
account was opened just before the fag end of the year….quarter and there was a 
one day interest charged in that account and that was serviced on 1st. So 
immediately thereafter it was serviced on 1st. Because of that it came around 1000 
crores, account was there. So because of that only. As on date, it is fully 
recovered and SMA 1 and 2 is less than 700 crores, more than 1 crore. We are 
monitoring more than 1 crore, each SMA. 
 

 
Page | 11  
 
- Mr. M.B Mahesh – Participant:  
 
- Sorry, I didn’t understand Sir. You are saying that the account was opened this 
quarter and there was an interest rate outstanding. Is it? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Ya, it was only 1 day interest because it got opened the day before the close and 
immediately on 1st, it was serviced. It’s because of that. 
 
- Mr. M.B Mahesh – Participant:  
 
- Ok. The 2nd question is on slide no.18. The securities receipt is down from Rs.1061 
to Rs.54 crores. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- See, the security receipts have been now marked to market and in the new 
guidelines and since it was already 100pc provided for, so there is no impact 
otherwise. So now only the present market value has been taken. Fair value, so 
the fair value has been taken. It is because of this but since it was already 
provided for fully, so there is no impact on our P/L and reserves. 
 
- Mr. M.B Mahesh – Participant:  
 
- Ok, fine. Done, thank you. 
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you. Participants, who wish to ask questions, can raise their hands. The 
next question….so we have one question from the chat box from Mr. Raju. He 
asks, “Yield on advances during the quarter declined sharply on Q-o-Q basis. 
Can you please specify the reason for the same? Also, given the cost of funds 
have almost peaked, what is your outlook on them? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Yes. See, yield on advances has come down because in the previous quarter, we 
had recovered from the TWO where the…..around 100 crores was part of interest 
income which was ….previous quarter we recovered. So that was the reason that 
this quarter, the yield on advances has come down by 109cr……28…..so there is 
a 81 crores gap in the ….so 26 bps is the gap. Because 81 crores is the net gap in 
total. So that is the impact, because of this reason. 
 

 
Page | 12  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Ok. So the next question is from the line of Mr. Sushil Choksey. Please unmute 
yourself and ask your question. Mr. Choksey, you can unmute yourself and ask 
the question. Ok, since we are not getting a response, our next question will be 
from the line of Jai Mundhra. Please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
- Mr. Jai Mundhra – Participant:  
 
- Hi! Good afternoon! 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- Good afternoon! 
 
- Mr. Jai Mundhra – Participant:  
 
- Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the yield of investment. After 
these new investment norms, yield on investments have gone up quite sharply. 
Is this because now AFS are being amortized or there is some other reason in the 
new framework as to why the yields have gone up?   
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo – Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
 
- Jai, basically there are both the reasons. One is that, our portfolio structure also 
we are changing. In the last 1 year or so, you have seen that yield have been 
increasing. Whatever face….incremental investments are happening, that is on 
little bit higher yield, so that is also helping us. And then this amortization, now 
the amortization is both ways. Earlier it was only 1 way, only the premium had 
to be amortized, now the discount is also being amortized. So now that is also 
helping, means both are the reasons which have helped us improve our yield on 
investment. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
 
- And denominator fact is also there. 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo – Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
 
− Ya. Because now it has been fair value, now the investment is on a fair value and 
it has risen, instead of gross value. I think it is clear to you.  

 
Page | 13  
 
− Mr. Jai Mundhra – Participant: 
 
− Yes sir, clear, thank you sir.  
− Moderator: 
− Okay, so the next question we have from the line of Mr. Sushil Choksey, please 
unmute yourself and go ahead. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Good evening. Congratulations for stable result. Sir, I am looking for based on 
the current deposit mobilization issues, what would be our guidance in mopping 
up resources and advances?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Choksi ji, currently our deposit growth, as you have seen is around 7.39% on a 
YoY basis, and our guidance at the start of the year was 8% to 10%, and advances 
growth was 12% to 14%. Why we have given a guidance of lower deposit 
growth, basically because our CD ratio is still less than 75. We are working 
towards achieving 75% CD ratio. We want to raise funds at the time when we 
can deploy them profitably. So currently, we have enough resources available, 
we have excess SLR securities, which we are using to raise resources, which is 
cheaper in the current scenario. So, we will go for deposit once we achieve 
around 75% of CD ratio in a larger way only. So, till that time our focus will 
continue to be on CASA growth and retail term deposit growth. And as you see, 
that our total CASA share in this quarter on a YoY basis has improved by 52 bps 
to 38.62%, though it is below the industry benchmark. But we are able to maintain 
this ratio in spite of tough conditions in the deposit market.  
− To raise deposits and to raise CASA, we have taken various initiatives. First, is to 
onboard the quality customers for which we have launched tab banking, which 
is now available with around 1,700 branches, which we will be launching to the 
2,000 branches and then to 3,000 branches in a phased manner. That is number 
one. Number two, we have launched a campaign to onboard our customers on 
the digital channel. And in one year, our onboarding, active onboarding to the 
digital channel for the retail saving bank customer is almost double. So, what 
was the level in June ‘23, now the active retail customers on mobile is double.  
− We are targeting our current account holders also, where we are giving them… 
You can see in our presentation our digital adoption in current account is also 
improving through sound box, QR code, and we have a corporate mobile 

 
Page | 14  
 
banking app also, where also transaction flow is increasing and improving. So, 
all these steps we are taking to tap resources.  
− Further, to tap women customers, we have launched three innovative products 
as a Pink Basket for women customers also, wherein we are targeting their 
savings account, and through recurring deposit, and also for the entrepreneurs, 
we have launched a current account scheme specifically for women 
entrepreneurs, wherein special benefits have been passed on.  
− So, we expect that these things, in addition to the initiatives which we have taken 
in the previous quarters and previous year by launching our resource vertical… 
now this quarter we have launched Zonal Resource Head also at the field level. 
We expect these efforts or these steps will enable us to enhance our CASA and 
improve our CASA growth in the remaining next quarters.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, I have no doubt in your credit growth number reaching 75 or exceeding 75 
where your CD ratio is concerned. Am I to assume that based on the current 
treasury yields which are likely to play between 6.85 and 6.95, or it may go to 
6.75 in the current quarter, are you balancing a treasury profit along with your 
credit growth rather than taking high-cost deposit in the first half? Is that 
assumption, right?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes, you are right. We are not going for the high-cost deposit currently. If you 
look at our total bulk deposits, we are still below or around our March ‘23 level. 
So we are not going for the bulk deposit. The bulk deposit is very costly 
currently also though the other rates, our call rates and our traps, our G-Sec rates 
have come down, but the bulk deposit rates still are in a very higher side. So, we 
are not taking deposits at those rates currently. Once the rates come down, then 
we will start taking deposits also. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, is it possible for us to reach a CASA of 40-42% range in the current year? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− It will be tough given the current environment. Because, as you also know, there 
is a report also and our RBI Governors have also talked about, that customers are 
going from a savings habit to an investment habit. So, it is tough. But with the 

 
Page | 15  
 
initiatives which we are planning, we believe that we should be able to reach 
maybe year's time, if we continue our efforts in that direction very seriously. And 
our field is also activated. Maybe next year we will be able to reach, not in 
current year. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, noting SEBI Chairperson as well as RBI Governor's statement on fund getting 
diverted to markets, stock market by retail, how are we in cross-selling or any 
initiative, earning any profit out of eastern India specifically where our CASA 
ratios are high, especially the eastern state where we have larger presence 
compared to our competition?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, to take the benefit of all those things, on our app we have a technology 
integration with a service provider wherein our customers can onboard for their 
Demat accounts, their trading account and also for mutual fund subscription on 
a SIP basis. So that facility we have already integrated with our app. And all our 
customers have been made available so that they need not go to any other bank 
for using their services. Within the bank, we have given that facility to our 
customers so that in turn bank also earns something as a cross-selling of the 
product. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Is cross-selling fetching us 25-50 crores or it is at a nascent stage?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− It's a nascent stage. From the mutual fund and the broking business, it's a nascent 
stage because it is yet to take off in a big way.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, my next question is to Mr. Saboo. How does he see treasury profit and the 
yield pattern behavior for the current year?  
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
− So, Choksey ji, you have already told how the yields are going to behave in the 
near future, as we all understand the current market situation. So, what I can say 
is that, because of the new guidelines by RBI about the valuation of investments, 
the actual profit booking plus only M2M about the FVTPL book will help us 

 
Page | 16  
 
through the profit and loss account. Any gains in the AFS book will only go to 
AFS Reserve. It will not help us in the profitability part. We have surplus SLR 
still around 7.5%; surplus SLR we are holding. Gradually it is reducing as we are 
getting the redemption and maturities or some part through market opportunity, 
if there is any, to book profit. So, gradually it will move in that way only going 
forward. And if we see some better yields coming forward, if we get some more 
opportunity for booking a profit, that trading call obviously will be there. So, it 
will depend upon the market fluctuation, volatility and various factors. So, 
profitability of treasury through trading will only be helping us in going 
forward, basically. So, in the current position whatever we have shown, that also 
includes the fair value gain in FVTPL book. And I do not expect that to continue 
because once it is booked… because this is the first time valuation method we 
have applied in the June Quarter. Going forward only the incremental gains will 
be there. So, it will be not up to that level.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, I appreciate that you take a clue of what yields I am recommending, but what 
is your bank's view that is more important. I may speculate and ask any yield. 
That does not mean the bank will speculate on that basis. 
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
− So, no we have our own treasury setup. Our dealers and our Chief Dealer and 
the treasury people take a call on the market depending upon the market 
situation. But we do not speculate. You know, we are maintaining SLR book and 
other investments also. But the treasury dealers take a call. So, we do not 
speculate and we do not even give any forward guidance also because this is a 
market based phenomena which we cannot comment upon. So, I think that it’s 
better leave to people like you who are operating in the market.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See Choksey ji, there are two ways of looking at it. One has to take a call whether 
they want to protect their interest earning for the future or they want to book 
profits. Right? So, if I have to protect my interest earning for the future and 
probably the bank can go… any bank. I am not talking about my bank or any 
bank. They can go for high yielding securities to continue in the book and keep 
interest earnings safe, so that they will add to the profitability and operating 
profit in the short term. If I have a short-term vision, I can book profits also. So, 
both ways, every bank will have a different strategy. 

 
Page | 17  
 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Where co-lending and digital initiatives are concerned, you may have tied up 
MAS and few more names as you specifically said. Is this only specific to MSME 
or are we looking at co-lending? So, your peer banks in your size of assets and 
advances, have started focusing on multiple partnerships. So, is our technology 
stabilized for co-lending on a larger pie to take our book to 8,000-10,000 crores in 
MSME or various housing loans or affordable housing or any other segments?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, our co-lending is not only to MSME, co-lending arrangements are MSME 
also, retail also and Agri also. All three segments. And now our technology 
partner is well stabilized. And I think now it is more than six months it is 
stabilized. Earlier, we had taken them on board, there were certain initial 
hiccups. Now, technology is fully stabilized and we are able to onboard our co-
lending customers also on a regular basis.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− How are you seeing the shaping of co-lending platform, because sourcing is a big 
issue which the partner may be bringing on table? And those customers can add 
a lot of value, because once the customer is at your end, they establishing further 
benefits is possible. Are you seeing any traction on a bigger way a month on 
month or…?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− This is a value proposition which this co-lending model brings to the bank. And 
since the bank has started various partnerships, I think from the next quarter 
onwards, we will start reaping the benefits of this relationship with our co-
lending customers who are onboarded on an individual basis. So, maybe next 
quarter onwards, we will start reaping benefits of those relationships which we 
are building now.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, how are you preparing for the government holding or SEBI clause on the 
75% ownership? Because I hear in the street that government is reluctant to sell, 
whereas we need to dilute. So, how is that balance going to be achieved?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 

 
Page | 18  
 
− See sir, we have already taken Board approval and our AGM has also approved 
for issuing 400 crore equity shares for the face value of 4,000 crores. And if entire 
thing is done, then we will be able to reduce our government holding to less than 
75%. To begin with, we have already sought approval. We have written to the 
government for giving approval to raise 2,000 crore in the first tranche, because 
raising that much of money in one tranche is not possible. So, we will go in a 
tranche wise. We have already taken Board approval also for publishing RFP 
also and for onboarding merchant bankers. And once that approval comes, we 
will come to the market at the opportune time for raising capital.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− So, you are looking at fresh issue of shares, not OFS?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes, currently option with us is issuance of fresh shares only. But the option 
continues to be with the government for coming out with an FPO.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, how are you… I see one large bank taking a lot of advantage between 
international and domestic and quarter-on-quarter showing some profit in 
treasury. Are we getting any benefit of that kind in treasury of arbitrage income?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Not too much. Not too much. We are not seeing too much of arbitrage.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− And how is the international book shaping up, sir?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- International book is growing, sir. And if you see, our international deposit also, 
we have grown on a YoY basis by 48%. What we do on a daily basis, our Funds 
Committee meets and deposit opportunities, we see whether domestically it is 
cheaper or overseas centres it is cheaper, including our hedging cost. If it is 
cheaper there, then we go for the overseas deposit. You’ll see that we have our 
overseas deposit has increased around 4,000 crores in a one-year period. That is 
the opportunity we see always. And on the credit front also, we go for the 
primary and secondary syndication and also the LC bill discounting. But major 

 
Page | 19  
 
focus is on the primary and secondary syndication where we get a reasonable 
return.  
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
- Is there any word or any outlook on the associate Bank where I see that there is a 
little turnaround for us?  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Sorry, I couldn't understand. 
  
- Management – UCO Bank: 
 
- It is the Paschim Banga Bank. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Paschim Banga Gramin Bank? 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
- Yeah, yeah. That's right.  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Ah, so that is already turned around because earlier that was into losses. 
Previous year they made a profit, good profit and current year, since their results 
were not audited, so we could not place those results in our... but in the 
consolidated numbers, we have taken around 4 crores.... 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
- 4 crores, yes, our share. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Our share, our share. But now things have changed from the previous year 
things will improve on a quarter-on-quarter basis at that level also. 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
- And now they are complied with capital also. 

 
Page | 20  
 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Now they are complied with the capital also. That is also there, yes. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
-  Yeah, I noted that. Sir, congratulations and good wishes for the current year. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
- And if there are any further questions, I'll join back the queue.  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Thank you.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you, sir. We have one question from the chat box from Mr. Ashlesh. He 
asks please share a breakup of your NPA provision of ₹396 crores. Net NPA has 
declined quarter-on-quarter by only ₹150 crores. Hence, increase in provision for 
D1, D2 and write off does not fully explain the ₹396 crores?  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- See, I have breakup. Yeah. Give me a second. Give me a second. I'm just taking it 
from my team. I know additional provision which we made na. Additional 
provision in which segment. His question is on which segment how much 
additional provision, aging provision is how much, and the substandard 
provision is how much, fresh provision. Breakup of 396.  
 
- (Background conversation – trying to get the required information from the concerned 
team) 
- Moderator: 
 
- Sir, in the meantime, we can take another question?  
 

 
Page | 21  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Yes. Please go ahead I'll just give you he's bringing the paper because breakup is 
not readily available. Just working on that.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Okay, the next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera. Please unmute 
yourself and go ahead.  
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Yes, sir. Thanks for giving the opportunity again for the second time. Sir, again 
one question is on, which we have not touched upon is on NARCL, I mean, the 
recovery. Though we have talked about overall in general, the recovery. I mean, 
NARCL we identify good number of accounts and a good amount also, but only 
one account has been resolved according to you, and only 4 crore worth of 
account has been resolved so far. And you are saying that 3 accounts, the bids are 
given, received, and there are certain sorry, bids are for two and six are kept 
pending or maybe because of some stay or something. Can you little bit elaborate 
on this entire NARCL portfolio? And how do we, I mean, in our planning for the 
next three quarters, how do we expect the recovery from it? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- See, Ajmera ji, one account is already settled through NARCL during this quarter 
wherein we recovered 4 crore rupees. Right. There are six accounts under 
discussion, various stages, currently which are identified by NARCL, out of that 
six accounts pertains to our bank where we have exposure. Right. So, in two 
accounts they are in a very advanced stage where bids have been submitted and 
that is under examination and our exposure in those two accounts is Rs. 121 
crores. There are three accounts where it has been kept on hold temporarily 
because of some issues which are going on, just give me, I'll give you that also, 
because one account has already been admitted in NCLT. So, NARCL has kept 
on hold that account. One account there are certain discussion of OTS are also 
going on with the promoters. So, that is on hold and another account is also 
under CIRP. So, these three accounts have been put on hold currently and once 
those things don't materialize, probably it will be again taken up at the NARCL 
stage. And there is one account which is under discussion, in which our bank 
exposure is around    Rs. 76 crores in that account. That is due diligence is going 

 
Page | 22  
 
on. Once the due diligence is over, then they will be advanced stage of giving 
offer and bids will be submitted. So, these are the six accounts where we have 
exposure of 850 crores which are under various stages. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- So, sir I mean, approximately how much, at what valuation we think anything 
around 25 30% of the overall this thing or 35, 40%, if you take a bid? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Currently, no idea, because we don't have any idea about the offering which will 
be available because it is difficult to predict anything.  
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Yes, sir. Anyway, we'll come to know as the time goes by. Sir this Saboo ji had 
explained about this you know Sanjeev’s question Treasury income. Now you 
see the Treasury, the income, which otherwise would have been in Treasury now 
has become a part of the interest income, the majority of it, because now we are 
not showing as a other income or this thing we are showing straight away as an 
interest because of the change in the policy. So, from 472 crore in the last quarter, 
it has come down to 90 crores. So, what is the exact calculation, had the system 
not have changed, had we got a similar kind of profits, the Treasury income in 
the other income? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- For this, Ajmera ji we will give you separately because exact calculation I don't 
have currently.  
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
- Yeah. The breakup of 472, we have to see. But that is, means there are certain 
valuation gains there, which is not this time because, as I already told, the 
valuation gains are now going into the AFS reserve only, the AFS valuation gain.  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- So that is what he is asking? So how much is it for me? 
 

 
Page | 23  
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
- So, that was there in the previous quarter. Exactly breakup is not available. What 
was the actual profit booking and what was the valuation gain. But majority was 
the valuation gain only, that we can say, majority amount was that only, which is 
not available this time. So, that's why the fall in the income is there.  
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Yeah. But it has increased the net worth there, it has added to the..... 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
- Yeah, naturally the AFS reserve will help us in the capital. Yeah. Capital 
calculation, be part of that. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- In the capital calculation. Yes, yes. 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo - Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
- Yes. 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Sir, again, since the time is there, you know, this Agri portfolio is facing some 
issues with some states coming for waiver and are we in any way impacted by 
that or do we think that other states also might come out with similar kind of an 
announcement and how the banks interests are protected from, because 
ultimately somebody has to foot the bill. So, how do we see ourselves?  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- See Ajmera ji, if you look at the states, which we are talking about like .... 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Telangana. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Telangana, we don't have much presence in Telangana because our presence in 
that state is not much and our exposure to the KCC segment is very small. It's not 
a number which is going to impact us so broadly. If you talk about Maharashtra, 
we are also again not having much presence because in the West our presence is 

 
Page | 24  
 
only 10% of the business outlets. So, 10% branches in the West, which include 
your Maharashtra also, Gujarat also. So, that much presence is not there and their 
portfolio, if I look at, that number is also not so significant. And these are the two 
states I think, which are majorly under discussion currently.  
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Okay, sir. So, coming on this credit advance portfolio only I think I feel that little 
aggressive on this solar, alternative energy. And we have come out with some 
very good schemes also under that, so that the automatic sanctions can take place 
maybe up to 10 crore or something. So, how do you see that portfolio growing, I 
mean, what is our experience and performance and are we looking some 
amount, to generate from this kind of renewable energy credits? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- See, we have launched a scheme also and we are promoting, and we are 
encouraging our teams also to fund those projects under these schemes and a lot 
of traction is there in the field because generally these sanctions are at field level, 
and we expect that maybe in 6 to 9 months we will build up a good portfolio 
under this scheme. So, we believe that this scheme is going to benefit not only 
credit growth, but also the economy as well.  
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
 
- Thank you, sir.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Due to time constraints, this would be our last question. I would request MD sir, 
for his closing remarks.  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- Thank you, all our analysts and investors, for sparing your valuable time to join 
our conference call for the Quarter 1 results for the year 24- 25. And as a bank, we 
have been consistently showing our performance for the last 5 quarters. Gross 
NPA has been coming down, Net NPA has been improving. NIM is improving. 
Our asset quality is also improving. As our restructured book is coming down, 
our SMA levels are also under control and the Bank is taking various initiatives 

 
Page | 25  
 
to strengthen its IT infrastructure, Cyber security infrastructure and also 
improving its digital initiatives. We are in the process of launching our digital 
transformation and next 12 months we intend to go in a big way in our digital 
transformation by digitizing all our products, making them available on our app, 
internet banking to facilitate our customers who apply to subscribe to those 
products at their sweet will, at their choice of location where they will want to. 
So, we'll continue to improve further in the times to come and hope to make 
performance stable in the times to come. Thank you very much.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you, sir. Thank you to the management of UCO Bank for giving Antique 
Stock Broking this opportunity to host the call. I would ask the participants to 
end their meeting. Thank you. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
