 
 
Date: 26th July, 2024 
 
To 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Stock Code  :  INDOCO-EQ   
To 
The Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Stock Code  :  532612 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended 30th June, 2024 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call held on 24th July, 2024 at 03:30 p.m. (IST) in respect of Unaudited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter ended 30th June, 2024. The Earnings 
Conference Call concluded at 04.25 p.m. (IST) on 24th July, 2024. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
 
Ramanathan Hariharan 
Company Secretary & Head- Legal 
 
 
RAMANATHA
N HARIHARAN
Digitally signed by 
RAMANATHAN HARIHARAN 
Date: 2024.07.26 13:13:13 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Indoco Remedies Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. ADITI PANANDIKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
INDOCO REMEDIES LIMITED  
 
MR. SUNDEEP BAMBOLKAR – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – INDOCO REMEDIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAMOD GHORPADE – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – INDOCO REMEDIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MRS. RASHMI SHETTY – DOLAT CAPITAL 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indoco Remedies Limited Q1 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mrs. Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Thank you, Ben. Good afternoon, everyone. I, Rashmi Shetty, on behalf of Dolat Capital, 
welcome you all on the Q1 FY'25 Earnings Con-Call of Indoco Remedies. I would like to thank 
the management of Indoco Remedies for giving us this opportunity to host the call. Today, from 
the management team, we have with us Ms. Aditi Panandikar, Managing Director; Mr. Sundeep 
Bambolkar, Joint MD; and Mr. Pramod Ghorpade, CFO.  
I now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Pramod Ghorpade: 
Thank you, Rashmi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining this call today. Let me 
draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include certain forward-
looking statements, which are projections or estimates about our future events. 
 
These estimates reflect the management's current expectation of the future performance of the 
company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause 
our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Indoco does not 
undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result 
of new confirmation, future events or otherwise. Thank you.  
I will request Aditi madam for her opening comments now. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Thank you, Pramod. Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, for joining us this afternoon on our call 
to discuss the quarter 1 performance of the company. At Indoco, Q1 has been a mix of many 
wins and a few losses. I would like to start with the wins for the organization. Our number 1 and 
largest brand, Cyclopam, which crossed a milestone turnover of INR100 crores last year has 
done exceedingly well in the first quarter and has grown quarter-on-quarter by 32% and 60% 
growth on the immediate preceding quarter. 
 
Similarly, other brands like Cital and Karvol Plus have also grown in higher double digit for the 
company. This quarter, Indoco received the final ANDA approval from U.S. FDA for Pregabalin 
capsules. We have also received a tentative ANDA approval from the U.S. FDA for canagliflozin 
and metformin hydrochloride tablets, which are used to treat type 2 diabetes, the SGLT2 
inhibitor combination. 
 
U.S. FDA also successfully completed the inspection at API Kilo manufacturing plant as well 
as at the Indoco Analytical Solutions public testing lab, both of these with zero observations. 
This quarter, Indoco launched a revolutionary treatment for uncomplicated urinary tract 
infection with the brand FosHS. FosHS offers gynecologists a reliable solution to address UTIs 
and provide optimal care to the patients in a cost-effective manner. 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Some of our other new product launches this quarter include Hylupro, Britigan and Olarchek 
eye drops; Kidodent bubble gum mouthwash and CalaidXT tablets. Meanwhile, this quarter, the 
cosmetic variance of Sensodent-K and KF have also made a good entrance into the OTC market 
through our 100% subsidiary Warren Remedies. Also, Sensodent-K has won the Golden Mikes 
Silver Award for the best single commercial at the e4m Golden Mikes Radio and Audio awards 
2024. 
 
Also across all our manufacturing sites, master manufacturing plan is in progress in a phase-
wise manner, supported with automation, upgradation, capacity increase and aimed at improving 
efficiency of manufacturing at various sites. 
 
Coming to misses, in the India business, a very slow revival of anti-infective and respiratory 
portfolio and in particular, a negative growth as of yet for the period completed of Febrex Plus 
had created a bit of dampness.  
In the international business, the remediation at lines of manufacturing at Goa Plant 2 where the 
sterile ophthalmics and injectables are manufactured has also meant we have not been able to 
give an optimal supply of product to U.S. market. I look forward to taking your calls later today 
after Mr. Sundeep has briefed you on the financial performance. Over to you, Sundeep. 
Sundeep Bambolkar: 
Yes. Thank you, Aditi. Good afternoon, everyone. Hope you all are doing fine. Let me first begin 
with the business highlights. Net revenues of the company for the first quarter degrew by 4.6% 
at INR3,942 million compared to INR4,132 million for the same quarter last year. EBITDA to 
net sales for the quarter is at 13.1% at INR516 million compared to 15.2% at INR629 million. 
 
PAT to net sales for the quarter is 3.8% at INR150 million compared to 6.3% at INR259 million. 
Earnings per share for the quarter is INR1.62 compared to INR2.81 for the same quarter last 
year. The above numbers are on a stand-alone basis. We have declared results with 
consolidation, which include results of our subsidiaries.  
On the domestic formulation business, revenues from domestic formulation business for the 
quarter are at INR2,002 million as compared to INR2,130 million. Major therapeutic segments, 
namely gastrointestinal, urology and anti-infectives performed well during the quarter as 
compared to the same quarter last year. 
 
On the international business front, revenues from international formulations are at INR1,571 
million compared to INR1,597 million. Revenues from regulated markets for the quarter are at 
INR1,273 million against INR1,344 million. Revenues from U.S. business stand at INR487 
million as against INR512 million. 
 
Revenues from Europe for the quarter are at INR754 million against INR794 million. South 
Africa, Australia, and New Zealand are at INR32 million compared to INR38 million. Emerging 
markets at INR298 million against INR253 million. 
 
For the API business, we have recorded a revenue of INR312 million as against INR357 million. 
Revenues from AnaCipher CRO and Indoco Analytical Solutions grew by about 20% at INR57 
million against INR48 million. That's all about the business highlights for the quarter.  

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
And I now request the participants to put forward their questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nigel from Everflow Partners. 
Nigel: 
Sir, my question was about the growth outlook for your regulated markets, specifically Europe 
and USA for this year. If you could please share some light on that? 
Sundeep Bambolkar: 
Currently, as Aditi already mentioned that our plants are under refurbishment, the solid dosage 
plants are undergoing automation. And the sterile plant, we are doing a complete refurbishment 
in response to the FDA observations. So the product availability in the market has been a little 
bit of a problem. So we are trying our best to do whatever is within our control. But it would be 
rather difficult to put a number at this point in time. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
But most of the plants related corrections would get completed in the second quarter. So we 
expect from Q3 to be able to have consistent supply. 
Nigel Mascarenhas: 
All right. And how about in the longer run, let's say, five years ahead, how about then, how 
would the growth outlook be then? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So five years is a long period, frankly, when you look at the life of an organization, which has 
to declare results every quarter. But to be honest, there has been such a lot of R&D, which has 
been done by us in the past decade, which has resulted in close to 50-plus ANDAs, which are at 
various stages of approval, that is in U.S. In Europe, also from a contract manufacturing player, 
we have migrated to a company which owns its own MAs. And we have front-end presence in 
some of these markets. So all this work that is done, obviously, at the point of when we can 
commercialize it fully, has to give the organization a good upside. 
 
So over a period of 5 years, I expect the Europe business to consistently give us CAGR of close 
to 20%. U.S., quite frankly, it's all about timing and new approvals and how fast we are able to 
come out of the slack that we have right now on product supply. But from next year onwards, I 
feel clearly close to 30% can be expected from U.S. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sudarshan from JM Financial. 
Sudarshan: 
Ma'am, I would like to understand a little bit more detail about the misses on the domestic brands 
in the first quarter. Because if I look at the PPT, the sub-therapies looks good. And also when I 
look at the AIOCD data, we didn't think that there could be a decline in this quarter. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes, yes. So thank you for asking that question. So if you look at the sales, as they appear for 
last quarter this year for India business, there is a quantum of sales which is coming from drug 
product Sensodent-K and KF, which is there in the base. 
 
For this quarter, we have launched a cosmetic variant of the 2 products through the OTC segment 
through Warren Remedies. So that doesn't come in Indoco stand-alone. If you look at 
consolidated and we have given that intentionally so everybody understands. If you take the 
impact of the toothpaste into picture, we are growing at 6% plus which may not reflect in AIOCD 
picture, but it definitely reflects the IQVIA picture for the organization. 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Coming back to your question on a few brands. Like I said, Cyclopam internally has grown by 
30%, Cital by 20%, Sensoform by 30%, Karvol Plus by 40%. So the question of brands not 
doing well doesn't arise. It is just one brand Febrex Plus, which is minus 8% internally. And if 
I'm not mistaken, in IQVIA would be minus 12%, which is in keeping with how the segment 
and therapy market has performed. 
Sudarshan: 
And how do you see that for the full year, I mean, are we seeing the revival happening with the 
onset of monsoon, etcetera? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes. So we had revival in the last 10 days of June, to be very honest. Last 10 days of June, we 
saw a pickup in the antibiotic segment. So we have 2 large brands. One is Oxipod which is a set 
product strength and ATM, which is azithromycin. These 2 brands picked up. Febrex Plus has 
also picked up in the last 10 days. But the deficit in the first 2 months was so high that we were 
not able to recover into positive. 
 
Fortunately, the rains are on time this year and looks like a good season for respiratory and 
antibiotics both. So Q2, I'm expecting for these brands also to start contributing, and that will 
help us show a very robust performance for India business. 
Sudarshan: 
Sure, ma'am. Coming to the cost structure, I mean, we have seen on the gross margin side, there 
has been a decline both year-on-year and Q-on-Q. And also on the other costs, I mean, how 
much of remediation costs were seen in this quarter? And how do we see both, the gross margins, 
and if I can also add on the employee cost because you will also see a ramp-up on the domestic 
business. So the MR productivity in the second half should look much better. So a little bit on 
the margin side now. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Right. So I'll answer your question the way you asked it. First on the gross margin this quarter. 
So like I said, the gross margins this quarter are more a function of the business product 
contribution, kind of composition, because we are short of close to 20 CR in supply to U.S. 
market, which is second to India, the most profitable business of the company. 
 
As a consequence, contribution of Europe to the whole business looks high. Also, as I explained 
at the pace, which are also quite profitable, we are seeing those move into a different company 
and lose on that. So on a comparison basis, you see the gross margin fall. As regards to the 
contribution to gross margin coming from U.S. business, I expect this to ramp up soon. 
 
Also, if you have not heard me on the previous call, our organization is in the process of 
transitioning from a company which used to license our products in U.S. to other selling partners, 
to one which now has a front end of our own, as in FTP. Having done that, the kind of milestones 
or upfront payments, royalties we would collect is now going to thin going forward. 
 
So in the interim, we can expect, therefore, some compression on margins. But with India 
business doing well, with U.S. numbers coming back from Q3 onwards, I expect a larger amount 
of the gross margin to get corrected. I think one of your other questions was, I'm trying to 
remember the second part of your question was on the other expenses. 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
So if you look at other expenses in particular and staff costs, in absolute terms, actually, we are 
able to contain them. If you're looking at it as a percentage of sales, then they look to be a little 
bit on the higher side. That is largely because the sales haven't come in this quarter to our 
expectation. On consumables, job work, power fuel, rent and many of the themes that are related 
to getting operational efficiency, in fact, we have done well. There are certain one-off costs that 
are coming by way of remediation and also certain returns of products in emerging markets, 
which must have resulted in some bit in expenses for us. 
Sudarshan: 
How much of those one-offs, ma'am, remediation cost and the one-off? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I cannot directly quantify everything, but I can roughly tell you that you can expect, I think other 
expenses in total, we'll be able to maintain in the margin of INR110 crores, INR120 crores per 
quarter going forward. 
Sudarshan: 
Sure. And how much do we see the margin for the full year, given that domestic business will 
start contributing on operating leverage? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So I think we'll meet at the end of second quarter meeting. And I always say this, that no one 
should ask me about performance before the Q2, in the middle of Q2. After the first half of the 
year is a good time to start making some kind of judgment call. But from here on, we only have 
to improve, quite frankly. Another quarter of the U.S. supply is under constraint, but otherwise, 
everything else will come on track. So I expect margins to start normalizing from Q3. 
Sudarshan: 
Sure. And one question before I join back the queue is on the Goa 2 lines. I mean one is on the 
remediation that we have done, where are we? And when should we expect the U.S. FDA for 
inspection there? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So the lines, we had made commitments to FDA. We have 4 manufacturing packing lines. And 
we have given timelines for when each line is going to undergo remediation, correction, repair, 
etcetera, etcetera. 
 
And accordingly, we have been giving regular updates to U.S. FDA. So they are aware of when 
and how when we are going to complete. According to me, if I'm not mistaken, by October, we 
will be completely ready with all lines remediated and running. And after that, we'll be able to 
give product from the plant at full potential. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hemant Agarwal from Leo Capital. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
So could you please talk about your API capex that you're going to do? And will that be for in-
house consumption or external sales? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Okay. For API, all right. So API, as you know, we have three manufacturing sites in IRL today, 
Indoco Remedies Limited. One is a small kilo manufacturing site. One is a site for making 
intermediates. And the third is our large, finished API site at Patalganga. All these sites are today 
running at decent capacity. And we are in need of higher capacity, especially for our intermediate 
products, which can be finished in the Patalganga plant. So Warren Remedies, which is a 100% 
subsidiary of Indoco, at its new site in AURIC, is investing in putting up facilities for API. As 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
of now, we have invested close to about INR100 crores in the API facility through Warren 
Remedies. With this investment, I feel confident that we'll be able to more than double our API 
business going forward. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
All right. So could you also talk about internal consumption? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes, internal consumption. Yes, yes, yes. So till last year, we had 60% of quantity of API we 
produced being consumed internally, and we used to sell the remaining 40%, which appears as 
API sales in the books of the company. From this year, we are flipping the ratio and expect to 
be able to sell around 60% of what we manufacture. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
All right. Could you also just throw some light on the revenues and margins that we'll be 
expecting from this capex? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
From the capex. So as you know, the plant is being built right now. Once it is ready, you have 
to then take the validation batches, file them with authorities. When they come down, inspect, 
after stability, then they approve for the reg markets. 
 
And quite frankly, that is when you start really making money on the products that you make 
there. So therefore, the real margins on what we make at AURIC and finish at Patalganga 
incrementally to what we are doing today, we can only expect at the end of another 6 to 8 months, 
not before that. 
 
But even today, API division by itself, we call it a boutique division because priority is always 
given to internal consumption first and then to what else we can make and sell outside is giving 
us very decent EBITDA margins as of now. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
Okay. So my last question would be what sort of growth rate do you expect from the emerging 
markets business for the current year and probably next two to three years? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Okay. I think 18% to 20% is a good expectation to keep from the emerging business for the next 
couple of years. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
Okay. This is on a CAGR basis, right? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I'm sorry. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
The 18% to 20% would be on a CAGR basis, is it? 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankeet Pandya from InCred Asset Management. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Ma'am, just 2, 3 questions. So firstly, like you have already mentioned that there are certain one-
off expenses during the quarter. But sequentially, if I go to see, it has come down from almost 
INR148 crores to INR120 crores. So any particular reason for that? Because if I remember, the 
remediation cost is also expected to continue till at least second quarter. And previously, we 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
have been investing in advertising and promotional activities for Sensodent-K. So anything that 
has changed materially sequentially? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I'll just take this one at a time. As you correctly said from a one-off of INR140 plus crores in the 
last quarter, we are now at INR100 crores. And as I said, we expect it to stabilize around INR120 
crores. So this drop in expenses is largely because of -- as I said, there are a lots of projects 
underway at various manufacturing sites to bring in more efficiency in manufacturing that has 
resulted in better containment of costs and that has helped us. 
 
Coming back to the Sensodent-K and KF, last year's base has the kind of investments we did on 
the brand for digital presence in social media. Now that those 2 cosmetic variants are with 
Warren Remedies, that base of investment has also gone to that company. So naturally, that is 
not here. So that's the correct assumption. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Okay. So INR120 crores, what you said, this is for the remaining quarters, or we can expect that 
at a steady base, between INR120 crores, INR130 crores. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
And secondly, on your European geography, like we have been facing the paracetamol 
challenge. So how has that been? And like how should we look at the geography for the coming 
quarters, for the next 2, 3 quarters with new launches and ramp-up in paracetamol. How is the 
situation? 
Sundeep Bambolkar: 
Yes. We are not only depending on paracetamol. Of course, paracetamol is a big contributor to 
the European geography, particularly to the UK, but we have developed and filed many more 
products which are either approved or about to be approved. So as a result, paracetamol, of 
course, has bounced back, and you'll see better results in Q2, Q3 and Q4. And last year, 
definitely, we took a hit on European business, but we will definitely do better than last year's 
figure. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
We'll see at least growth of in FY '25 in the European region? 
Sundeep Bambolkar: 
Yes, yes, definitely. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Okay. And just on the capex front, so like we had guided earlier for INR250 crores of capex in 
FY '25. So INR100 crores is towards this Warren Remedies. So any change in that? Or still we 
maintain the INR250 crores capex guidance for the year? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
We'll be able to maintain as per commit. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Okay. And just lastly, I just wanted to reconfirm. You mentioned that 30% growth in the U.S. 
market or you said 30% or something for the U.S. market? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes, yes, 30% growth in U.S. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
That's in FY '26. 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes. We said over the next 2 years, on a CAGR basis. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
On the CAGR basis. Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
So my question relates to this new launch of FosHS. So what is the size of this market? How 
many players are there? And what type of market share we are targeting there? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Right. So FosHS is a brand of Fosfomycin. It is a single-dose treatment for treating urinary tract 
infections. So typically, UTI is a very common problem per se, but it is more common amongst 
women and that to women in the age group of 50 onwards. And typically, they get recurring 
urinary tract infections. And then you have to waste 48 hours to do urine culture to decide which 
antibiotic is going to work.  
What FosHS does is that it deals with all kinds of bacteria and, therefore, can be taken 
immediately upon diagnosis, without wasting any time. And it is a one sachet, there are granules, 
to be taken directly or with water. And it is a one sachet kind of treatment only. And quickly 
trying here to look at the market size, I have it somewhere. There are already quite a few players 
in the market. For us, it is a first kind of a launch for it. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Okay. And then my second question means, it's an observation. So since last two years, our 
EBITDA margins are falling very rapidly. So it's a story of one step forward and two steps 
backwards. So why our performance is suffering since the last two years. We are not able to 
report any consistent performance. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Correct. Thank you for that question, actually. Being such an open question, it allows me to 
explain. So as I said earlier, as an organization, you are trying to make major strategic changes 
in keeping with market conditions, then sometimes you have to take turns, sometimes U-turn, 
sometimes right-angle turn. 
 
And while taking turns, it's not possible to keep the speed intact. So what you see today really is 
a work in progress of the company. In U.S., as I mentioned earlier, until last year, we had quite 
a substantial portion of income coming through what is known as out-licensing fees or 
milestones, which are today absolutely near NIM. And we are keeping instead all the intellectual 
property for ourselves because we would like to collect them in margins going forward as the 
opportunities come up. 
 
And therefore, it is a matter of letting go of immediate gain for much better margins of a 
recurring nature in the future. Coming to India business, as we explained, we see an opportunity 
for our toothpaste to compete in a much larger market size of OTC, and therefore, the 
organization has decided to incur the kind of expenditure that might be required. 
 
Today, our advertisements are seen on television. We are there on sort of physical media, on bus 
stops and buses and wherever. We are also spending on social media. And this is a lot of upfront 
investment in order to build a product which can grow many times in the much larger market 
size. 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
These are 2 of the main reasons. The number 3 is that the reason we are incurring these kind of 
strategic changes is to actually overcome the very nature of what has been happening. Over the 
last 2 years, a minor issue here and there seems to impact our margins to a very large sort of 
effect. And therefore, the kind of efficiency building measures we are taking at all our sites, 
whether it is increasing back sizes, whether it is replacing old machines with new ones. All of 
that is going to help us improve our margins going forward. But all of that comes at a cost. So 
we are not able to postpone investments or costs today, all which are meant to improve 
performance of the future. I hope that explains it. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Yes. So can you put any timeline by which all these initiatives will be completed? And what will 
be the expenditure for all these initiatives? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
The expenditure, sir, has already been -- as you heard on the previous caller who asked the 
question. Last quarter itself, we had said in total, we will not spend more than INR250 crores 
this year and we are very much in line with that. When it comes to timelines, most of the 
measures that have been taken in all our plants for increasing efficiencies should be over by the 
end of Q2 or early Q3. For U.S. in particular, the changes in the line should also. So Q3 as per 
me will be a good time to start looking at many of these efficiencies to start coming into the 
numbers. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
So ma'am, so 2, 3 quarters down the line, can we reach our earlier EBITDA margins, which were 
around 20%, 21%? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I don't think we can go from 13% to 21% immediately. But by third quarter, I'm looking at a 
minimum of 15%, if not more. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avinash from Brookefields Estate Private Limited. 
Avinash: 
Ma'am, this question is more broadly to understand the company. If I look -- I think when the 
company reached around INR1,000 crores in like FY'16, INR1,000 crores turnover. Since then, 
I think the company has done capex of more than INR1,500 crores. But somehow or the other, 
I don't think most of the capex has kind of translated into incremental sales. So would that be an 
accurate reservation that a lot of that capex has not yet translated to sales and hence profitability 
of the company? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So we have different models, as you know, largely 55% of our top line comes from India 
business, which is not really very capex heavy. There investment is in terms of number of people. 
And from that time until today, we probably have done the maximum addition of people in this 
year, which is 300. 
 
Coming to the facilities and the kind of investments you talk of. As you know, U.S. is a market 
which has a pretty long-term gestation period for getting returns. Many of these investments 
have happened in the sterile side for products which were filed at that time. And then we had a 
-- actually that very year, we had a setback with the regulators, if you remember. So we lost a 
couple of years in that. But now, with this last remediation, we feel very confident we will be 
able to sort of give returns. 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
Coming to returns based on the capex made. In the reg markets, we have both U.S. and Europe. 
And for the longest time, European business was pure contract manufacturing, and that too of 
very commoditized products like paracetamol. 
 
And we were parking the capacity with paracetamol simply because we wanted to then 
eventually use it for U.S. The regulatory challenges interim have meant that many of those 
products were postponed in approval and things got delays, but I'm happy to note today that 
Europe by itself is now sort of able to sustain in a manner that we can get better margins even in 
the contract manufacturing business. And there is one thing about how much investment you do.  
And another of that investment whether -- last year, we got into a master manufacturing plan 
when we realized that piecemeal investments in various sites, although they have helped us get 
to a particular level, we need better rationalizing of portfolios, bringing a lot of same product at 
one place, increasing back sizes, all of that, which is getting concluded now. And a large part of 
that investment, which you talk about, has actually happened in the last 2 years. I hope that 
answered the question. 
Avinash: 
Yes, I'm saying like if I exclude the last FY, which is INR400 crores, but if I just take from 
broadly, if I just cumulatively add the capex of 8, 9 years, it comes to around INR800 crores. 
And since then, the revenue has not even doubled. So that's what I just wanted to understand 
what are the challenges that company experienced? 
 
And generally, in terms of capex, how does the management look in terms of how much the 
payback period should be generally, the ballpark. When the capex happens, obviously, it may or 
may not kind of work out that. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So we are going to need a minimum of 2 years for payback from here on. 
Avinash: 
So even this Warren Remedies, the capex that you've earmarked. So that would pay the company 
back in maybe 2 to 3 years? Is that what you're indicating? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes, yes, yes. We have expanded our market by taking the toothpaste OTC. That alone with the 
kind of efforts we are doing in the marketing, has to grow our sales in that manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya from Himalaya Investment Advisors. 
Surya: 
Yes. So as of now on Goa Line 2, are you able to make new fillings for the sterile products? And 
what about Plant 1 or under the same current plant status? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I'm sorry, I couldn't get that at all because what did you say about -- I'm sorry, can you repeat 
that? 
Surya: 
Yes, ma'am. Can you hear me now? Is it clear? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes, clear. Yes. Yes. 
Surya: 
So as of now, on Goa Line 2, are you able to make new fillings for the sterile products? And 
what about Plant 1 or under the current plant status, can't we do that? 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So Plant 1 is clean. It is under VAI. We have no issues in Plant 1. But we barely have 3 to 4 
solid orals only in U.S. So for the U.S. solid oral business to pick up and ramp up, there is still 
time from Plant 1. Coming to Plant 2, which is a sterile unit. Yes, we are continuously making 
new products there and filing with the FDA. But that is a site which is under OAI. So from that 
site, our approvals will only come in after our status gets cleared. Does that answer your 
question? 
Surya: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. So ma'am, as you mentioned that the U.S. FDA made a couple of inspections 
with zero observations. How much were the expenses towards this remediation this quarter? And 
till when do you expect these to continue? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes. So the remediation or the repairing work or whatever is going on is happening in Plant 2. 
The zero 483s came for the API manufacturing site and the testing lab. Typically, our 
remediation has been about INR4 crores per quarter. And we are maintaining the same run rate. 
Surya: 
Okay. So till when do you expect this to continue? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
We'll have to wait until the status changes of the site. I expect at least another quarter to have 
the same. 
Surya: 
Okay. And one last question, ma'am. And why have you not been able to grow in the European 
market and we don't have any plant issues there. Why is that we not being able to scale that 
business? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
We don't have any -- I'm sorry. 
Surya: 
Plant issues there? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Plant issue. Okay. So what we have done is, we did not want to have too many geographies 
inside one plant. So but our 2 manufacturing sites at Baddi are the ones which make Europe 
product. We also make a couple of products of EU in our Plant 1 at Goa. 
 
And actually, European business has a very healthy order book position right now. And I feel 
very confident once the sort of master manufacturing plan is completed by end of Q2, Europe 
will be the division with maximum benefit coming out of this. And then we can freely 
manufacture a lot of products for Europe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Gautam Rajesh, an Individual Investor. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
So my first question was, so you have mentioned the capex for 2025. So for the next three years, 
how much can we expect in terms of capex, because we are already running way below our 
capacity. And given this capex, what sort of peak net debt do we expect from the company? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So once this round of capex is done, we are not expecting any more capex for the company. 
What we will need is some kind of maintenance capex, which is a routine across sites. Coming 
to debt, today, maybe Pramod, would you like to take that? 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Pramod Ghorpade: 
Yes, sure. So your question on capex, just one more addition. So these lines, which order certain 
cash flow will flow to next year. That is what the regular capex plus certain cash flow for this 
line 5 and line 6. As regards to debt, the current position -- as regards to short-term debt, it is 
about INR350 crores and long term is about INR250 crores. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
Long term is 250, if I'm right, if I heard you right? 
Pramod Ghorpade: 
[inaudible 0:43:37] is basically INR284 crores and term loan is INR250 crores. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
Okay. INR280 crores and INR250 crores, right? 
Pramod Ghorpade: 
Yes. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
And just one last question. How is the D2C Oral Care business shaping up a little bit more? Any 
sense on the quantum of revenues that you can give and expectations going forward? And what 
is the capex that has technically gone into it? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So we have set up for manufacturing unit at AURIC in Aurangabad for making, as you know, 
with all the things that is going on in the media that you are not allowed to make drugs and 
cosmetic products in the same facility. So we built up a cosmetic facility and that we have 
actually put in one line today for manufacturing and packing but built a facility large enough to 
expand to 2 more lines, including mouthwashes, but that will be in the future. 
 
And coming to how is the OTC business doing as of now? So this has only been the first quarter. 
We've had to look at a separate channel for distribution, which includes SDs, super distributors, 
and a different kind of chain that typically is required to reach beyond retailers, even to grocers 
and modern trade. Lot of field work going on there. As of now, stand-alone, these 2 toothpastes, 
over the same period last year, are growing at around 18% to 20%. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
So how much would that be if... 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I think this quarter, in total, we have done close to INR25 crores about from the two variants. 
Gautam Rajesh: 
From the 2 variants, INR25 crores. Okay. And the capex for it, that's gone into this for the oral 
D2C business? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Around INR100 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor, an individual investor. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Aditi ma'am, a lot of other participants have also alluded to this area. I would like to just seek 
your guidance and help in to zoom into this, with the benefit of hindsight, of course, I mean, is 
it fair to acknowledge our capital allocation mistakes over the last 10 years and the fact that a 
much lower amount of capital investments and a much lower R&D would have generated far 
stronger cash flows and return ratios if we were focused more on the branded India and emerging 
markets, exactly like some of our peers like RPG Life, Ajanta Pharma, etcetera, have been doing 
over the years. I mean, when we look at their return ratios and cash flows, I mean, Indoco, 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
although with our stronger signs, has got a much inferior return ratios and cash flows because of 
our capital allocation. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
I understand what you say. Let me answer that in two ways. At hindsight, of course, there is so 
much we can say, right, kind of. I remember classically a period when we got listed in 2005, 
when our top line of INR150 crores coming from India. Every time I spoke of my brands, they 
ask me how many ANDAs I have. 
 
And today, you ask me why we are more focused or investing so much in U.S. Let me tell you 
very clearly that our strategy is correct. The decisions we made are also correct. Although some 
of the decisions have come in at a time when there have been massive headwinds that we had 
from the markets, whether regulatory or otherwise, and therefore, there has been postponement 
in getting returns from them. 
 
But certainly, I agree with you that there are some other companies, which you sort of listed out, 
who are doing much better with their numbers. But looking at the fundamental strength of our 
brands in India, of our India business. And fundamentally, how the U.S. business is planned 
today, I feel over a period of time, we will be able to do better than them. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
And then second question is, after this remediation is over in October, surely, we would have to 
wait for U.S. FDA's physical inspection and an EIR before any shipment can start from that plant 
to the U.S., correct? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Our current OAI does not allow us in any way to stop shipping and we have been shipping. The 
reason this quarter U.S. was impacted is because we took planned shutdown in our lines. Does 
that answer your question? 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Right. So which means that after the October remediation is over, we can straightaway start for 
the ramp up -- okay, okay. So does that mean that next fiscal FY'26 should be materially 
different, better compared to this fiscal? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Has to be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek, an individual investor. 
Abhishek: 
My question has been answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hemant Agarwal from Leo Capital. 
Hemant Agarwal: 
All my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So just two quick questions because most of them have been asked earlier. On the debt side, 
what is your peak debt? If this what the numbers you just shared, is that the peak debt or are you 
expecting it to go even higher? 

 
Indoco Remedies Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Aditi Panandikar: 
The debt. I think we will require to borrow close to another INR100 crores to meet with all the 
commitments we have made for capex. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. So this number plus from here or some of this will be paid down. So I'm just trying to get 
an absolute number. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
The INR100 crores is incremental beyond what the cash flow we generate. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. And then the second question on this remediation of the U.S. line that you just talked 
about. I thought you said earlier that this will be up and running in Q3, right? So I just wanted 
to make sure, in Q3, we can see strong revenues from the U.S. business. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes, certainly. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. And then when you talked about the EBITDA margin of 15% or higher in Q3. What is 
your sense for the whole year? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
So by Q3, if I'm going to say 15%, we are still looking at a year where we are barely managing 
to stay at the 15% level. I can be frank about that. We will be trying very hard to do better than 
that, but one can expect minimum 15% for the whole year. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. So therefore, your Q4 will be even stronger than Q3. Is that what you're saying, from the 
margin perspective? 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end 
of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Aditi Panandikar: 
Yes. Thank you, everybody, for your very active participation and very intelligent questions, 
which has allowed us to express ourselves. Thank you very much. Have a good week ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Indoco Remedies, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
