Ref No: 52/2024-25 
 
Dated: July 18, 2024 
 
  To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. Tel No.: 2659 8235 
Fax No.: 26598237/ 26598238 
Trading Symbol: ANANDRATHI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Tel no.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/ 22723121/ 22722037 
Scrip Code: 543415 
 
Subject: Q1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q1 FY2025 
earnings conference call dated 12th July, 2024. The transcript is also available on the 
Company’s website at https://anandrathiwealth.in/Investor-relations.php  
This is for your information and record.   
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
 
Jaee Sarwankar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. ACS-38080 
Enclosed: as above 
 
 
ANAND RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
(Formerty known as ·Anand Rathi Wealth Services Limited) 
P,ivale Woallh. uncomplicated 
AMFI-Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
GIN No.: L67120MH1995PLC086696 
Registered Office: Floor No. 10, A Wing, Express Zone, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400 063 
Board Line No.: 022 6281 7000 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
Corporate Office : Floor No. 2 & 3, Block B & C, E Wing, Trade Link, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 I Board Line No.: 022 69815400/69815401 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
JAEE VASANT 
SARWANKAR
Digitally signed by JAEE 
VASANT SARWANKAR 
Date: 2024.07.18 10:06:57 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 12, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on July 12, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
1. MR. FEROZE AZEEZ – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
2. MR. RAJESH BHUTARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
3. MR. VISHAL SANGHAVI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Anand Rathi Wealth Limited Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Feroze Azeez, Deputy CEO, Anand Rathi. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Good afternoon. I thank you for joining us for the Earnings Call for the first quarter of the 
Financial Year 2025. I am joined by our CFO, Mr. Rajesh Bhutara; and Head, Investor Relations, 
Mr. Vishal Sanghavi. 
Our consolidated total revenues for Q1 FY '25 stood at about Rs 245 crores compared to Rs 178 
crores Q1 FY '24, registered a growth of 38%. Trail revenues was Rs 89 crores and grew by 
about 70% year-on-year. Profit after tax was Rs 73 crores, registering a growth again of 38% 
compared to Rs 53 crores same quarter last year. 
The PAT margin was 29.9% as compared to 29.8% for Q1 FY '24. The annualized return on 
equity for Q1 FY '25 stands at 42.8%. Total AUM grew by about 59% year-on-year to Rs 69,018 
crores as on 30th June 2024, as compared to Rs 42,413 crores as on June 30, 2023. 
The total net inflows during the Q1 FY25 grew by 173% year-on-year to Rs 3,364 crores for the 
quarter. Net inflows in equity mutual funds jumped 462% to Rs 2,091 crores, and all our assets 
are under regular plan, whereas the industry is witnessing increased share of direct plan. This is 
a testimony for the deep trust and confidence our clients place in our value proposition. 
Our systematic and data-driven approach, along with the realistic understanding of client needs 
and risks has been instrumental in achieving these numbers. Number of active client families 
increased by 19% year-on-year and crossed the milestone of the 5 digits, 10,000 client families. 
We have crossed that number. Our client attrition rate in terms of AUM lost was 0.1% for Q1 
FY '25 as compared to 0.2% last year, reflecting our client-centric approach and a strong 
research-backed solution. 
On a net basis, we have added 52 relationship managers in the last 12 months, bringing our total 
count to 360. We have successfully maintained our zero attrition of relationship managers for 
the straight fourth quarter, which is significantly because of the culture created in the 
organization and the transparency between the company and its constituents. 
And you would also note that in these 4 quarters, zero regret attrition signifies one of the first 
few times in the financial services industry, a company of this size of relationship managers who 
have reported zero regret attrition for 12 successive months.  
I will hand this over to Vishalji now, who is our Investor Relationships Head so that I can break 
the monotony. And Vishalji, can you step in and take forward. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
Thank you, Feroze bhai. Good afternoon, everyone. As a part of our endeavour to reward our 
shareholders, we successfully concluded the buyback program of Rs 164.65 crores, which is 
excluding any charges and taxes.  
About Digital Wealth business, which is a B2B2C business, registered AUM growth of 48% 
year-on-year to Rs 1,727 crores and revenue of Rs 7 crores, a growth of 13% year-on-year. 
OFA business, which is SaaS platform has 6,064 mutual fund distributors as subscribers at the 
end of the Q1 FY '25. OFA business reported revenue of Rs 1.84 crores, which is a growth of 
18% year-on-year.  
Indian economy is on a strong footprint with the GDP expected to grow at 7.2% for current year, 
making it the fastest-growing market globally. In this backdrop, Indian markets have witnessed 
new all-time highs supported by strong performance of Indian companies. With this, we 
anticipate a noticeable increase in the number of high-net-worth individuals in the country and 
thus creating a huge growth potential for wealth business. With multiple growth drivers in place, 
we are confident that our company has a potential to grow by 20% to 25% in the long term. 
Now I request operator to start with the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. It's such incredible 6 - 7 quarters of this amount of 
growth is amazing. Congrats on that. And first question is on account of AUM mix, we could 
see that the debt MF mix has come to 7% if compared to 11% last year. Could we shed some 
light on that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sure. Thank you, Bhavin sir, for your positive comment on our results. And I will take the 
opportunity to highlight that this is our 11th result. And you would see that all our results have 
been about 23% - 24% PAT growth year-on-year and the worst one was 24%. And the mean 
PAT growth has been 33%, and the median PAT growth of these 11 quarters has been 34%. 
So thank you so much to trust us as shareholders. Now coming to your pointed question. Why 
is the debt proportion lower? There are two reasons for it. Because we only try and get that 
money in, which is intergenerational wealth. More often than not, HNIs have intergenerational 
wealth. We do a very strong gatekeeping in terms of what assets we onboard to manage. So you 
would see very small debt proportions because I am looking at in 10, 15, 20, 30 years kind of 
money. 
If there's somebody who has short-term moneys, we are rippled as a wealth manager from it. 
Why you would see Anand Rathi Wealth having smaller proportions in debt because in 10-year 
money, debt has very low relevance. Second point is the proportions -- the differentials, the 
relative change between 11% and 7% is reasonably attributed towards the fact that there is mark-
to-market more in equity and structured products. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
And we have been reasonably positive on equity markets from August 2020, and we were the 
only few wealth managers would have been positive for long-term money, still sensitizing clients 
of 10 - 12% corrections twice a year, which is the norm of the equity market. 
So mark-to-market differentials is one reason why structured products have come down to 24% 
and debt mutual funds has come down to 7% from 11%. I hope that answers. And we are not 
very bullish on debt. Even if interest rates going down, the long end of the yield curve is not 
elevated. So, we have the flat yield curve of Indian context is reasonably sustainable. And we 
don't see that debt will make too much capital appreciation, either, even if repo rates were to be 
brought down because the long end of the yield curve is still at 7%, spread between 10-year G-
Sec and the repo rate is just about 0.5%. 
So on the contrary to the Street's belief that there is a lot of capital gain to be made in debt, but 
we think that people have not lost money, is why they don't expect to make on the debt side even 
if they go long end of the yield curve. Does it answer, sir? 
Bhavin Pande: 
Yes. Perfect. It was pretty much concise. Secondly, Feroze, we could see AUM and clients per 
RM increasing. We have added 28 RMs in this quarter, and I think 52 on a Y-o-Y basis. But in 
this wealth business, it is specifically known that turnaround time and sort of gestation period 
for RMs is high and your opex goes up initially. So what do you think lead to this sort of 
productivity gains from per RMs basis? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Bhavin sir, there is a lot of factors. We think a little dramatically different when it comes to 
number of RM counts, productivity, all that we have had rights around, but a different thought 
process. So one is productivity increase is on account of we don't lose RMs, right? So the number 
of RMs who finished 5 years increases. 
So the average tenure of my RM group or my colleagues goes up. You would not see – It is 
seldom found that 4 quarters, no RM attrition. RM is what everybody bids for. My competitors 
who bid for my RMs, would want to give them twice the salary, but they won't leave. So 
productivity increase only happens if you don't have a leaking bucket at a client side or an RM 
side. So that's one thing which is the snowball effect. 
Of course, initially, you don't see that productivity increase. As with times, the lower attrition or 
nil attrition adds up significantly in a hockey stick kind of a recovery in terms of productivity, 
right? That's point one. Point two, what happens is when you're a listed company, the credibility 
in the client's mind itself is higher, right? So there is a flywheel effect. If you are listed, you get 
business. If you get business, your company does well. So the flywheel effect in a business of 
trust is the second. As now you have been listed for 2.5 years as a company. For clients, a 
prospect you meet, it is relatively simpler because the brand building happens because of the 
listing status and vice versa. So that is second. So you are seeing that effect kick in. 
Third is that we are using mathematics significantly more over the last three years to convince 
somebody. We are finding so many portfolios with different complex products, but the IRRs at 
10%, 11% for the last 15 years. It is surprising the extent of complexity with lower IRR. So if 
you mathematically establish that you are operating at significantly more complexity to get an 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
11% IRR, In the industry, you will find hundreds of portfolios, if not thousands and lakhs, where 
you would see complex products. 
But if you take the transaction-wise IRR on an Excel sheet, you would see them sub 10 or 11 or 
12%. So people are expecting uncomplicated lot more when you use mathematics. So that is 
why our net flows have gone up because mathematics most people can't deny. 
And on English, people can debate till the cows come home, but mathematics has more pointed 
solutions. So the mix and transmission using mathematics is something which we learned about 
2.5 years back, and that is actually adding up. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Sure. Wonderful, Feroze. And just one last question is you mentioned mathematics and all the 
metrics we have. I think a few con-calls back, we had mentioned that for the structured product 
to do well, you would require higher levels of interest rates and certain levels of volatility. And 
my apologies if I am incorrect in the technical, so if you could just shed some light on that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Certainly I am so impressed that you remember this. I am so happy and thank you that you 
wanting to understand my business trait there, which is great. So structured product requires 
high interest rates, at least the structured products we are currently design. You would see that 
we don't innovate every quarter. 
So you have got Rs 3,360 crores without launching any NFO, without selling anything new, 
same mundane conversation gets you Rs 3,300 crores, then you have a business at autopilot. So 
for structured products of the current design, which we have been doing for the last 10 - 12 years 
require higher interest rates. Higher interest rates by which I mean not those double-digit interest 
rates but sister company, Anand Rathi Global Finance, has one of the lowest borrowing rates, 
but you need 7 - 8% kind of interest rates, which I think is sustainable. 
Like you rightly pointed out, you need a certain degree of volatility. So the implied volatility of 
NIFTY in fact, has shot up marginally, especially because of the election period. But I think 
realizing a volatility of 16, 17 on a daily standard deviation is another mandate. 
So if both these ingredients are not there in the next 10 years, 5 years, then you design the 
structure product exactly the opposite. So designing of structured products is like we simulate 
on different economic variables. What will be the product I will launch is already pre-decided. 
If 10 years later, if interest rates are at 4% and the vol realized is 10%, I would be buying calls 
in the product rather than selling puts to express the bullishness. 
So to answer your pointed question, these are the absolute two ingredients needed for the current 
design of the two products, which we primarily do for the last 10 years and done 1,500 times 
each, both of these. If things were to change and if I get exactly opposite economic variables, 
like lower vols on NIFTY and lower interest rates, then you can actually become a buyer of the 
call because your forward rates will be lower and your volatility will be lower, so calls will 
become inexpensive. So the product will have a call spread as a design. Sorry, it gets a little 
technical. But yes, I am sure you have picked it up the last call's content as well, sir. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
Wonderful. Great, Feroze. Thank you so much for great concise answers and all the best for 
times ahead. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thanks for your time and your confidence in us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon sir, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So sir, like firstly, 
just a data keeping question. Like during the quarter, like what was the primary structured 
product issuance and the secondary issuances also? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sure, I can give you those numbers, but I will have to rely on my colleagues, Rajesh sir and 
Vishal. Can you give the precise number, Vishal bhai? 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
Yeah. Hi, Lalit. For the Q1 FY'25, primary gross issuances was Rs 1,735 crores. 
Lalit Deo: 
And secondary issuances? 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
Secondary was near Rs 400 crores. 
Lalit Deo: 
Okay. And like, sir, in the last quarter, we mentioned that we will be doing this portfolio 
allocation / reallocation of the clients where we would want to change the AUM mix from like 
60% currently, let's say, to about 50 - 55%. But now again, with these strong markets currently, 
our overall AUM mix has been again tilting towards the mutual fund. So how are we looking 
ahead for the next full year, sir, in terms of the AUM mix? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. as you rightly identified, and I am glad you again remember the fact that I told that we will 
reallocate assets. And every year, we generally bring our new model portfolio of mutual funds, 
which had some changes, which is called zero-based bottom up. If I had cash in my bank amount 
so mutual fund allocations have some minor changes. 
During the process of the minor change, we will also do the change between the asset allocation 
between structured products and equity mutual funds. So what can you expect? You can expect 
the movement of equity mutual funds to structured products over the next nine months. It is 
going to be one of the key areas of focus because it is always good to strategically reallocate 
between a plan A and a plan B, which is how we position both these products against each other 
because the standard deviation of a structured product is significantly lower than equity mutual 
funds. 
So to answer your pointed question, you will see these proportions again attempt to change and 
there will be a reallocation done. So you could see 28-30% by the end of the year again. And I 
am sure people would -- and a lot of you as analysts and several of the industry colleagues would 
have asked that we have very low maturities this year. And in spite of that, you will see a very 
consistent growth is what the claim was, and I think the first quarter is a reasonable barometer 
for that concern to be assuaged. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Lalit Deo: 
And sir, just lastly on this mutual fund AUM. So like this quarter, we have seen good growth on 
the equity mutual fund AUM. But in terms of the revenues, that is still not reflecting. So this 
would be based broadly on account of the period end changes, right? So could you give us more 
color on how the average AUM is shaping up in the mutual fund? 
Feroze Azeez: 
I think there has been a 70% increase in the revenue, trail revenue. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. But on sequential basis, I think the growth was lower, right, on that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
See, don't ever judge. See, all I am saying is numbers are numbers. If you have to understand 
my business, you have to go beyond numbers. Point one, we are running a business which 
manages people's hard earned money. So quarter-on-quarter, seeing my numbers is not right 
according to me. 
Of course, I can only submit to the group but the group will do what they have to do. But if I 
were you, I would never see this business on a quarter-on-quarter basis. If you are managing -- 
if I was selling iPhones or some phones, I am okay to be measured on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Here, it is hard earned money of people. So I don't see quarter-on-quarter, I request you not to 
do so. Point one. 
Point two, what on a trail revenue basis, there are two indications I want to reiterate from my 
previous calls. We have told you that we want to get to a 50-50 kind of a mix between trail and 
upfront, and that is our endeavor. When we put a not a commitment, put an indication in the 
public domain, we do our best to meet that. Otherwise, we don't sleep easy. So point one, what 
you can expect on this is a 50-50 ratio over a period of time, at least an honest full attempt of 
that. That's one thing which I would want to speak on the trail. 
Now coming to equity mutual funds. Equity mutual funds, I think everybody should take note. 
Everybody always told me there is a risk of direct, regular, passive, active. You see a 460% 
growth in our equity net flows. And I don't give direct as an option to even one client if he offers 
us Rs 2,000 crores to manage. We said no, I will not do. I will not sell myself cheap. I will add 
value and earn my 1%. 
In spite of that, you see 460% growth in equity mutual funds. How did that happen? And if you 
see the last full financial year equity mutual funds the net flow into equity mutual funds in the 
full year and it is a saddening number for me that the fact that if you remove the SIP purchase 
the net flow was negative in equity mutual funds last year. It is not that there is a huge influx of 
money from HNI into mutual funds.  
Mutual funds are being directed towards more complex instruments. So to answer your pointed 
question, revenue will set in. The revenue is a trail revenue. Average assets, average per day 
asset is also something which is so volatile because markets keep moving up and down, but I 
am reiterating the fact that our aspiration because we have put it on the table, it is now our effort 
is behind getting it to 50-50 sooner than later and I am also told that we will get to 3% - 4% of 
equity mutual fund market share in India. And that's the effort and we shall do our best with the 
grace of God to make it happen.  
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Thank you, sir.  
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vikram from Prodigy Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Vikram: 
Yes. So thank you for the opportunity. So I have a question regarding the AUM allocation. So 
you said that your goal is to increase the portfolio allocation of structured products. However, 
you also said that your long-term aspiration is to increase trail revenues to 50% of total revenues 
or get a 50-50 split between trail and upfront. So from what I understand, this would entail 
increase in the allocation towards mutual funds.  
So I was just curious how it is possible to increase the share of trail revenues while 
simultaneously increasing the allocation towards structured products? 
Feroze Azeez: 
It is possible because the proportion of structured products and equity mutual fund is largely 
dependent on current assets which you own Rs 69,000 crores or which are assets under 
management. Trail revenue is also going to be driven by the net flows. Now, if Rs 3,300 crores 
- Rs 3,000 crores of net flows happened out of which Rs 2,100 crores has gone into equity. So 
the proportion is close to about 65% of the total net flow went into equity mutual fund. Are you 
with me, sir? So that's point one.  
Point two, these proportions of 24% in Structured Product, 7% in Debt and 54% in Equity 
Mutual fund on these three product classes are also subject to mark-to-market. If you have to 
understand our business, it is a very simple business because we don't bring assets which we 
don't earn 1% on. So if I collect Rs 1,000 crores per month give or take what will be my total 
assets is what you have to try and project and the revenue is going to be 1.2%, PAT is going to 
be 30% of that revenue.  
This is how a business we look at. So to change the proportion it is basically to make sure that 
the clients have reallocated and sold some mutual funds at market peaks, if at all. That's the 
science of selling high and buying low. So that's why this proportion could change, but the net 
flow is also another variable and mark-to-market is another variable. So it is certainly possible 
to get to 50-50 over a period of time not surgically though like you rightly pointed. 
Vikram: 
Okay. Thanks for that. And so my second question was I wanted some more clarity on what are 
all the factors that affect blended yield? So portfolio allocation is one, but what effects yield in 
mutual funds and structured products individually? I want to understand why yields have gone 
up over the last few years and what are the possible factors that can be an upward or downward 
force on yield going forward? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yields which you see as a proportion of the total AUM like Rs 69,000 crores is not the only 
barometer. Because if I have a yield divided by June 30th's AUM, that's only one day's 
assessment. So coming to what is the yield dependent on the primary products, equity mutual 
fund we earn about 1.1% post-GST. In structured products, if you work backwards and calculate 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
the yield I made on all mature structured products you will see 1.16% - 1.17% is the yield we 
earned on matured products. So the yield of both these primary products are very close to each 
other. We make about 38 to 40 bps on debt funds and other assets we make little. That's raw 
material. So this is the yield composition of different asset classes or product classes which are 
there in the AUM. What does this yield depend on? The yield depends on the size of a fund in 
the mutual fund. In structured products, you are generally static at 1.15% to 1.2% yield. Yield is 
always calculated per annum on market value, average market value. So to answer your question 
yield pressures to my mind are very unlikely. 5 – 7 - 8 bps here or there can keep swinging, but 
that's our guess. Our yields have been retained for the last 5-6 years. 
Vikram: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shivansh Sood from Desvelado Advisory Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shivansh Sood: 
Hi, so congratulations on a great result. So I had a question and like the company's ROE has 
increased from 35.9% in the last quarter to 42.8%. So what are the specific factors that 
contributed to this significant improvement, and do you think this level is sustainable? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, so when you are making a PAT which is growing and if you are giving your dividends 
away, if you are doing a buyback and stuff. As a matter of practice our dividend policy permits 
us to give away the PAT we' have made of 30% to 50%. Since your reserves don't shoot up so 
much because it's a cash-generating business and you don't want to hold up money because we 
don't intend to splurge money on buying businesses or buying relationship managers at obscene 
prices from competition.  
You have given away the denominator is kept in check and that is one reason. The PAT growth 
and the denominator in check, the numerator increasing and the denominator not increasing is 
why the ROE is higher to be mathematically correct. Second, are these levels sustainable? Yes, 
in our belief definitely they are sustainable because you don't need capital as much. It is not a 
plant and machinery kind of a business. ROEs are possible to sustain at these levels or higher. 
Shivansh Sood: 
Okay. And are there any plans currently in the company to expand internationally beyond the 
Dubai office? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, we are looking at the opportunity in GIFT city which I think is a very transparent and a 
good opportunity. Also, two days back SEBI made some changes in the LRS limits to IFSC. So 
point one is, yes, not from a location standpoint the NRI business could be a very different 
ballgame over the next 5 years, 10 years and that's a huge opportunity for a wealth management 
outfit like ours for sure which is India-centric. 
And the kind of India popularity globally when I go meet some fund managers which I do every 
June for the last 6 - 7 years the kind of decibel for India has gone up dramatically. So to answer 
your pointed question we have not thought of it geographically. From an opportunity standpoint 
NRI business we are going to be focusing on it because the landscape and the kind of scale this 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
can be built to is very different with the inclusion of GIFT city and the new very correct and 
liberal regulatory framework. 
Shivansh Sood: 
Okay. And lastly I wanted to know like are there any initiatives being taken before to improve 
the revenue per client and AUM for RM metrics? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sorry, I couldn't hear you. If you could go again sorry. 
Shivansh Sood: 
So are there any initiatives being taken to further improve the revenue per client and AUM per 
RM metrics? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Revenue per client. So are there initiatives? everything we do is for both these. So if I wake up 
in the morning that's the initiative to do this precisely, but we don't see it as revenue per client. 
We don't like to see it like that. We don't even like to state it like that. Because it is assets if I 
can manage 70%, 80% or 90% of one's asset as time grows our clients give us more wallet 
because they realize that this is not lip service. So clients' wallet is something we want to capture, 
not revenue. Revenue is an outcome. His money we take immense pride when a 10-year-old 
client becomes a sole advisory client in-spite of competition wanting to distract him with 
discounts on mutual funds with the most complex products. If our large client puts all his 100% 
of his money with us that's how we look at it, not revenue per client. Of course, there could be a 
larger wallet resulting in larger revenue, but it's a perspective difference glass half full and half 
empty, but yes both are causes and effect. Larger wallet implies larger revenue. So revenue is 
the cause. Asset is the effect which results in that cause. But we don't see the effect. We see the 
cause that's one. 
 
Productivity per RM, that is a natural progression. See, we try and manage 50 clients per person. 
I am also a relationship manager. So the most important thing, which I always try and highlight, 
is all of us are relationship managers. So we are able to understand what is happening today. I 
was not a relationship manager 10 years and then I teach somebody today. It's not contemporary. 
So coming to the point of whether RM productivity will go up, yes, because 50 clients is what 
an RM's capacity is to manage with one or two account managers who are apprentice attached 
to him. So a group of three people or two people manage 50 clients. 
 
If the client becomes big and his RM wants to improve efficiency, he gives away his smaller 
clients to his apprentice, makes them relationship managers. So like when I promoted my 
account manager, I gave away some small clients to her. And then she starts her life as a 
relationship manager. 
 
So it's a win, win, win. What are small clients for me become bread and butter for her. So clients 
get even better service. So the vicious cycle continues. Not a vicious cycle is a more negative 
connotation, but the cycle of help continues. So coming back to your question, can RM 
productivity go up with the same 50 clients? The answer is yes, because he gives away his 
deadweight. My dead weight is wings for her when she starts her life. So that's how RM 
productivity is. So there's no saturation. So if an RM gets to 50 clients with Rs 1,000 crores of 
assets, he can still go to Rs 2,000 crores of assets with different 50 clients. I don't know whether 
I answered your question, but I attempted to. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Shivansh Sood: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi good morning sir. So a few questions from my side. First if you can give some color on the 
flows that come into your business between existing clients versus new clients that we acquire. 
 
And how has the trend been, let's say for the past 12 to 18 months compared to let's say, years 
prior to that or across different cycles where markets are good versus markets are, let's say, tepid. 
So how does the old existing money to new existing money really change during market cycles? 
Just wanted to get some color on that. 
 
Second on your client acquisition strategy, if you can, shade some color on what will be an 
incremental client acquisition strategy in terms of, obviously, the competitive landscape tends 
to be shaping up quite aggressively. Most players are ramping up their engine, be it the foreign 
ones or even the domestic ones. Some of them plan to scale up. 
 
So how do you really kind of want to position yourself? So I wanted to get some color on that. 
Lastly, two data keeping questions. If you could give your total employee base for the quarter 
and maybe March 24. And I missed the data on MLD issuance. If you can kindly repeat that, 
that would be great. Thank you. 
Feroze Azeez: 
That's a lot of questions. Try to remember them. So point one, what was your first question? 
Sorry go again please. I remember the last one. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
The first was on the old to new money? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Got it. The old to new money, if Rs 3,300 odd crores came in, the clients who were not on the 
system on 1st of April, what proportions did those clients out of this Rs 3,300 crores of net flow, 
how much did they give? You have to take this number with tolerance unless Vishalji can give 
you a precise number. 
 
About 20%-25% is from new clients. Because we don't force a client to start big. If the client 
has Rs 10 crores, he is my prospect. If he has Rs 4 crores, I don't want to go to him because I 
will only earn Rs 4 lakhs a year and then I can't give him ethical advice. I have to sell him 
insurance policies or some obscene upfront AIFs. So coming back to the point, 20% to 25% 
comes from new clients who didn't exist in that quarter beginning. 
 
That's the proportion, okay? And because we tell the client, if you have Rs 10 crores, you start 
with a crore, I don't have a problem. You start with a crore, if I live up to what I am talking, you 
will give me more assets anyway because it's going to be in your interest. 
 
Because in the wealth management industry, you can pick up so many portfolios of triple digit 
crores and measure their Sharpe ratios, which wealth management industry doesn't measure. 0.3 
- 0.2 - 0.1, some people have negative Sharpe ratios also and they have Rs 50 crores invested. 
So you just have to calculate the Sharpe ratio and show for them for the last five years and then 
it melts it. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
So coming back, 20 -25% comes from new clients and 70 - 75% of net flows or 80% of net flows 
comes from existing clients who were new for the last quarter. May be because we don't force 
people to start big. Like so many wealth management outfits have a rule saying that if you have 
Rs 5 crores to start with, then I onboard you. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So sorry, if I can just follow up. So does this, I mean, has this ratio changed in your experience? 
I mean, you have been in the industry for so long. Or does this ratio remain similar to 20%, 25% 
across market cycles or equity market cycles? 
Feroze Azeez: 
For a wealth management outfit like ours, it has remained largely static. If I was a broker, it 
would be very different. Because I am not going to those new guys who got money and they 
want to start. I am going to a guy who has got invested with somebody else and he has a complex 
life. I Am simplifying his life, right? Do you understand the business? 
 
So if you look at the median age, you should see this NSE data, which just was released. I should 
just tell you, this is very interesting data, I am sure. When you are looking at the age, the age 
bracket in the Demat accounts has come down. The median has come down significantly. Now 
you have close to about, one second. I'll just tell you this. 
 
I am just bringing your attention to this data. If I was a broker, it would be very useful 
information. The ratio would change. Less than 30 years of age, the number of broking accounts 
has moved up in the last six years from 22.9% to 40.1%. So younger people are starting business. 
So my proportions of new client ratios have remained same. In broking that will change, I would 
like to assume, because the younger guys are coming in because it's a pull product. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So my second question was on the client acquisition strategy. Obviously, you have been ramping 
up your RM engine, as in apprentices getting promoted and so on. But in terms of new client 
acquisition, that is also going very strong. So what's the strategy out there? Because 
competitiveness will increase in this industry, is what I would expect over the next five years. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes if you look at it see, because our total 360 RMs have 50 capacity, that means 18,000 clients. 
That's my capacity with the current plant and machinery. Okay, and I have a capacity of 7,000 
more with the same people, same colleagues of mine can handle 7,000 more families. 
 
Forget that I have to acquire, I have to do branding, I have to do advertisements. I have to just 
go to these 10,000 guys and say can I meet five people in your society? Can I do an event for 10 
people? Those we call homogeneous groups, whom we address. 
 
So that's how it's been our acquisition strategy, rather than picking up the phone and disturbing 
people at odd hours, selling ourselves is one way of doing it. We are trying to reduce that 
proportion and go to a satisfied client. And now that there are so many clients above five years 
and they know that risk adjusted return, mathematically is great with Anand Rathi Wealth, we 
go and tell them, so if you go refer a restaurant or a movie to your friends, don't you think if 
something helped you in wealth management, should you not refer it to the five best friends? 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
And I think clients are being far more positive today with some credibility behind us now. So 
that's the client acquisition strategy. And I think when you tell the clients that I don't want to 
make cold calls to random people, can you just have support and give me five names or organize 
a small little tea party or a high tea for your friends and I can come and talk, people are more 
welcoming than they used to about five years back. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So it would be fair to assume that basically the network referrals through your existing client 
machinery is the biggest sort of lead generation tool for you? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes absolutely. And I think every financial services firm would have this aspiration, word of 
mouth. But if I told him that I made you 14% with 0.6 beta on NIFTY, now do I deserve a 
reference after 10 years of delivering you 2% alpha on NIFTY with 0.6 beta on NIFTY on your 
overall debt equity, then the client mathematically is forced to give me a reference. Not because 
I want to go sell him an insurance policy. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So lastly, the two data keeping questions on the employee number for the quarter and March 24 
and also the MLD data, which you mentioned earlier? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, Vishal 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
So total employee count is 1,093 as on June 30, 2024. And total gross inflows for the non-
principal protected structure product is Rs 1,735 crores. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Okay, can I get the employee number for the last quarter, March 24? 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
March 2024 - 1,016. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you sir, for your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Some general questions around tech 
infrastructure. Could you talk about your strategy with respect to tech from a medium to long-
term perspective? How are tech in terms of on boarding and client monitoring differs from the 
industry? And moreover some general sense what can be done with tech in this business in terms 
of client productivity and to what extent this business is always going to be a high-touch 
business. Some general sense around tech in this business. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sir, I missed your name. So sorry. 
Chinmay Nema: 
My name is Chinmay. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Chinmay. Thank you, Chinmay. Sorry, my mistake. Yes. So how we see tech is, tech in this 
business can only augment an RM not replace an RM. That's our thought process or whatever is 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
our understanding. It is not wishful thinking. Because this requires -- client requires handholding 
during bad days. 
 
In good days, he can click a button and buy. But he sells it on the worst days if there is no RM. 
So we see technology as augmenting the RM making him more powerful rather than replacing 
him. That's one very important thing, which we very passionately feel with the experience and 
client behavior, understanding client behavior that's point one. Point two, the technology in this 
business - anybody who uses technology just for reporting and on-boarding, I would say it will 
be ironical. But the most important technological benefit Anand Rathi is reaping because 60% - 
65% of our meetings still date are now on technology platforms. Before COVID, all the 100% 
of the meetings were physically done with clients. Now the clients I manage, I have not visited 
their office for maybe 12 months but done very efficient meetings 12 times in the last 12 months. 
So, RM productivity goes up significantly if you force the system to use technology to deliver 
advice on Zooms and Teams and stuff but quite a few times clients push back and say I want a 
physical meeting. So, we have been very clear, we will at least have two-third of the meetings 
on Zoom and Teams unlike most of the wealth management outlets have gone to physical in 
HNI business. 
 
If some system can retain it I think that will make it very powerful. And most of the numbers 
you see now have a large impact of the use of technology or the forceful use of technology not 
going back to the physical mode of delivering advice. So that is -- and of course, technology in 
terms of generating advice, which is not used so much. We have been testing a lot of models 
using several mathematical formulae which are there. There are 5 finance formulae which have 
won Nobel Prize, we are using technology to try and simulate those to get better risk-adjusted 
returns. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanidhya an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
First of all, great set of numbers. So I just wanted to understand how do we see the revenue 
potential going forward in terms of the AUM? So will it totally be dependent on how does the 
market performs and how much we can grow the AUM? Or are we looking for other 
opportunities in other sectors other than this? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Like I have told in the previous calls, we are trying to build our financial services business, 
which is reasonably market agnostic. For you to check this claim out of the 11 quarters where 
we have published results, you have to look at the worst 3 quarters from a market sentiment 
standpoint and then see the corresponding result of our business. 
 
You would see stupendous growth when markets touch 15,300 and 15,400 twice or thrice in the 
last 2 years, which was the FY22 last quarter and FY23 second quarter or first quarter then 
Ukraine war had happened. So, the point I am trying to make is you would consistent revenue 
growth during bad market sentiments. That's the aspiration. So far, the God has been kind, we 
have been able to deliver that. Most people will take this with a pinch of salt but be it as it may, 
so that's point one. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Point two, our business model like I always explained, it is reasonably simple. If I have Rs 
69,000 crores today there is a growth embedded in it. If I deliver good return as a company for 
my client then 10% - 12% growth comes God's gift with virtue of time. These 3 other variables, 
which is new RMs, new clients from existing RMs can manage 8,000 - 7,000 more clients. That's 
my second lever of growth. The third lever of growth is existing clients giving me new money. 
With these 3 levers of growth plus the 10 - 12%, which is the growth in assets with the virtue of 
time and efforts. If these 4 engines are put together, 20 - 25% growth is part of course, for the 
next 10 - 15 years consistently. We are one of the few companies which have given a median 
growth of 33% for the 11 quarters (it is for last 9 quarters). 
 
So, when we look at other revenue streams the answer is no. If my client needs more product in 
his portfolio because of his risk-adjusted return, if he we want to improve the alpha, if I want to 
improve the Sharpe ratio, if I need a PMS or AIF or whatever it be, if it helps my client meet a 
better objective then is when new revenue line will be added not because shareholders want new 
revenue lines or the company wants new revenue. 
Sanidhya: 
Fair. Yes. Okay. So just to add on question here. So, do we see runway for new client additions 
within the range of Rs 5 crores to Rs 50 crores? Or do we see shifting it to different range, like 
say, Rs 10 crores to Rs 100 crores now looking at how markets are performing in the pipeline, 
how do we see the base shifting with years? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Absolutely, sir. That's a very important and a good question, sir. Our segment has been Rs 5 
crores to Rs 50 crores. When we on board a client, we check whether he has total wealth of Rs 
5 crores to Rs 50 crores. That's first step. So if he start with Rs 1 crores but if you have Rs 20 
crores, great you get him on board. That's the first step. Now with time, if you do well for the 
client, most of our clients now we had 280 clients, who have finished 10 years. And they had 
large monies then also. They automatically will go above Rs 50 crores. But if you don't -- if you 
don't give me 1 penny and if the money compounds at 15% in 6 years a Rs 10 crores client 
becomes more than Rs 50 crores. 
 
So, we have been trying and we have also launched something called the Anand Rathi Platinum 
client base, which is growing rapidly because our existing clients are giving us more wallet. So, 
to answer your pointed question will we still stick to the segment of Rs 5 crores to Rs 50 crores? 
The answer is a big yes. For the last 17 years, it has been consistently the same on the Rs 5 crores 
to Rs 50 crores. Okay, way back from 1st April 2007, when Rakesh Rawal, who is the current 
CEO and who was the CEO then has decided to keep that segment. So we will always have that 
as a segment. But we have to also being a wealth management outfit passionate about client 
returns. We have to learn the art of managing the adjacent higher segments. The adjacent higher 
segment is Rs 50 crores plus because if the Rs 20 crores guy gets to Rs 80 crores, I need to be 
able to do justice to that guy so that he can eternally stay with me and doesn't have to look 
outside. So does that answer, sir? 
Sanidhya: 
Yes, that's what I had looking. So we are doing efforts to maintain the level that the new clients 
or the existing clients will grow up to that level. We are maintaining that. Yes. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, absolutely. We have significantly larger clients than Rs 50 crores also. One client of mine 
who I manage has Rs 800 crores - Rs 1,000 crores also with us. 
Sanidhya: 
That's great. Yes. Just a last question, it's a bookkeeping one. So you have Rs 8 crores as other 
income this quarter and Rs 13 crores in the last quarter. What is the source of income? And is it 
on a continuous basis we should see? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Vishal ji, can you -- because I don't have these numbers on my screen. Rajesh ji, other income? 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
Yes. Can you ask your question once again -- yes. Can you repeat the question, please? 
Sanidhya: 
Yes. So we have Rs 8 crores in other income in this quarter and it was Rs 13 crores in the last 
quarter. What source of income is this? And do we see this as a continuous basis? 
Vishal Sanghavi: 
Yes, I just give you that one, one second. So, the interest income is Rs 6.87 crores. And the small 
amount is the gain on sale of investments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena 
Investments. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Just on account of corporate actions after the dividend in the bypass, could we expect some sort 
of split of bonus on cards? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Bhavin, sir, yes, we will surely consider like our in our AGM also somebody asked our Chairman 
and he rightly said that we will consider corporate action because we like to reward our 
shareholders. I can't say more than this. But, yes, I think it is going to be considered by the 
Board. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhuvan from Tiger Assets. Please go ahead. 
Bhuvan: 
I would like to know how is the wealth distribution scenario in the country? How is the top... 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is breaking. 
Bhuvan: 
Yes. I would like to know about the wealth distribution scenario in the country? How the top of 
the pyramid is growing? And how would that be in the next 10 years? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. So in our opinion, the number of HNIs can very easily compound at 15 - 17% over the next 
10 years, number of HNIs. And the wealth effect with the current HNIs, which is about 8 lakh - 
9 lakh families, is also stupendously growing. So point one, I personally think that this number 
can quadruple in a decade, 8 lakh families can very easily become 32 lakh families, which are 
HNI, which is our segment, Rs 5 crores to Rs 50 crores or Rs 8 crores above. 
 
So HNI is defined as that family which has more than $1 million other than the home they live 
in. So, that could easily quadruple in a decade in India. Second, the current 8 lakh families' 
wealth can also compound at 20 - 25%. Because if they are well placed to grow 12% - 13% of 
the current wealth at 12% - 13%, they are adding at least 7 - 8% to their wealth with their savings. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
The savings rate of an HNI has gone up dramatically, in our opinion. So, that's our experience. 
When we captured the savings potential of our current HNIs in a group of about 350 - 400, which 
I saw the data of their savings potential grew at least 5 - 7% of their current net worth. 
Bhuvan: 
And I would know like, how is the bottom of the pyramid growing and how their wealth would 
contribute to equity markets in coming years? 
Feroze Azeez: 
See, there is a paradigm shift in the thought process of Indian favor today. So, to answer your 
pointed question, sorry, there was some little disturbance in the network. So, if you look at the 
wealth of Indian HNIs, there is a paradigm shift in how we are seeing assets. The receptiveness 
of equity has gone up dramatically, point one. 
 
Point two, there is the newer generation or the next generation, whenever there is an inheritance 
or a transmission of wealth from one generation to another, which you see in your client families, 
the next generation's affinity towards physical assets is dramatically down. So I personally think 
this Rs 21,000 crores SIP number, which I had predicted about 5 years back, but this can be by 
March '25, it will be Rs 25,000 crores, that seems to be on the cards. That's point one. 
 
Point two, the kind of influx the Indian capital market is going to see from domestic money, I 
wouldn't be surprised if that grows significantly. Today, it's almost like a proportion of 50:50. 
The FII ownership could come down dramatically with -- individuals' participation. Currently, 
out of the Rs 800 lakh crores of savings, Rs 800 lakh crores of savings as per RBI data of Indian 
households, 51 - 52% is in financial assets. 
 
And only about 6.7% is in equity or direct equity and equity mutual funds, only 6.7% is there. 
That number should become 15%, which implies a great influx over months and years to come. 
So out of the Rs 800 lakh crores, today, only about Rs 52 lakh crores is there in equity, both 
individual ownership of stocks and equity mutual fund ownership. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
So of course, the first question was on the bonus or any of the corporate actions that could be on 
cards. And secondly -- in this year's Annual Report, I think in the AGM, there is snippet on ring-
fencings of portfolio and intergenerational transfer of wealth, which, again, is an extension of 
wealth creation, which would come about the plan to make money and the call to be taken in 
terms of how the wealth is going, which again, is gone by taxes and government policies. So, if 
you could just shed some light on the, of course, economies of that business and the market that 
exists, it would be of great help. 
Feroze Azeez: 
I couldn't understand that too much. Bhavin sir, you're speaking about transmission of wealth? 
Bhavin Pande: 
Yes. First question, of course, on the bonus issue. I am sorry to sort of making you repeat that. 
And secondly, the ring-fencing of portfolio and intergenerational wealth transfer as a service 
that we offer to our clients, right? 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, so like I already told, that I think bonus or splits could be seriously considered by our Board. 
That's the only thing I can say. We did a buyback efficiently, finished that.  Bonus, that board 
has to consider. But I think it will be considered on the merit basis. That's point one. 
 
Point two, coming to your question of ring-fencing of portfolios. See most of HNIs have external 
potential liability on their personal wealth for some unforeseen events. So ring-fencing is very 
critical. And that, I think we have been propagating for the last 14 years -15 years ever since 
2009 - 2010. 
 
So that business, we don't charge money for unlike most lawyers and wealth management outfits 
charge, but we don't charge for that because we think that that's a collateral minimum service 
you will give a client because we want his interest to be protected and his liabilities to be 
protected. So that's one. 
 
The estate planning, we have done about 6,000 wills for families. We have tried to 
comprehensively make the learnings we have had in the last decade and try and extrapolate those 
learnings. Because India is a very complex game in terms of transmission of wealth. Some places 
probably it is needed, some places probably it is not needed. The laws as per religion are 
different, as per geographies are different and as per asset is different. 
 
So it's a 3-dimensional matrix to solve. So, wealth management outfit like ours takes all the 
learnings it has had and makes a checklist of 10 ,- 12 items, which each of us, in fact, all of us 
on the call are mortal beings and we have a finite life. We try and do that for free as well because 
client's interest is paramount. 
 
So, we don't charge for these services because that itself becomes a deterrent for a person to do 
it. We use to charge a decade back. And then we realized when you charge people for this 
service, they think you are wanting to do it just because you want the fee rather than the -- so we 
said we will not be charging. 
 
So, this is that collateral service you give without being charged. So, will this keep happening? 
Yes, it happens. And we push it extensively in spite of it not impacting the revenues whatsoever 
directly. But the client's affection towards us expressed in the form of his wallet is very strong. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Feroze, that's really helpful. And just I appreciate the exhaustive back and forth on the call and 
for all the information that you have provided. Thank you and good luck again. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you for your questions, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference back to 
Mr. Feroze Azeez for closing comments. 
Feroze Azeez: 
So thank you so much everyone, to patiently sit through 1 hour and 6 minutes of the call. Point 
two, I think if you have any further questions, please feel free to get in touch with Mr. Vishal 
Sanghavi, who is our Head Investor Relations, and we would love to answer them. And thank 
you. Have a wonderful week, the residual week, and thank you so much. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Anand Rathi Wealth Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 
