 
 
 
 
 
 
Corp. Off.: Galaxy, Floors: 22-24, Plot No.1, Survey No.83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, India.  
Tel : +91 40 6672 5000 / 6672 1200 Fax: +91 40 6707 4044. 
 
Regd. off.: Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038 T.S., INDIA  Tel: +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833 
Email: info@aurobindo.com     Website: www.aurobindo.com  
August 16, 2024 
To 
Listing Department, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI -400 051 
 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI -400 001 
 
Company Code No. 524804 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY 2024-25 earnings call. 
 
Please refer to our letter dated August 5, 2024, wherein we intimated about the schedule of Investors/ Analysts call on 
August 12, 2024. We are attaching herewith the Transcript of the said analyst / investor call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results of the Company for the first quarter ended June 30, 2024, and the same is being uploaded on the website of the 
Company and is available in the following web link. 
 
https://www.aurobindo.com/investors/disclosures-under-regulation-46/investor-meet/conference-call-transcripts/ 
 
Please take the information on record.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
B. Adi Reddy  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
BADDIGA
M ADI 
REDDY
Digitally signed 
by BADDIGAM 
ADI REDDY 
Date: 2024.08.16 
14:56:30 +05'30'

 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
12 August 2024 
 
 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati – CEO of Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and Peptide 
Businesses & Director of Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited 
 
Mr. Swami Iyer - CEO, Aurobindo Pharma, USA 
 
Mr. V. Muralidharan – CEO, Europe Formulations Business 
 
Mr. Santhanam Subramanian - Chief Financial Officer, Aurobindo Pharma 
Limited 
 
Mr. Shriniwas Dange - Investor Relations, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
2 
 
 
 
Moderator: Welcome to Aurobindo Pharma Q1 FY25 earnings call. Please note that all 
participants’ line will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
question after the opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to the management for opening remarks. Thank you and over 
to you sir.  
 
Shriniwas Dange: Thank you Vandit. Good morning and a warm welcome to our first quarter 
FY25 earnings call. I am Shriniwas Dange from the investor relations team.  
 
We hope you have received the Q1 FY25 financials and a press release that was sent out on 
Saturday. These are also available on our website.  
 
I would now like to introduce my senior management team on the call with us today 
represented by – 
 
• Dr. Satakarni Makkapati - CEO of Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and Peptide 
Businesses and Director, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
• Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited 
• Mr. Swami Iyer - CEO, Aurobindo Pharma USA 
• Mr. V. Muralidharan - CEO, Europe Formulations Business and  
• Mr. S. Subramanian - CFO.  
 
We will begin the call with the summary highlights from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Please note that some of the matters we will discuss today are 
forward looking, including and without limitations statements relating to the implementation 
of strategic actions and other affirmations on our future business, business development and 
commercial performance. While these forward-looking statements exemplify our judgment 
and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other important factors may cause actual developments and results to vary 
materially from our expectations. Aurobindo Pharma undertakes no obligation to publicly 
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect-in future events or circumstances.  
 
With that, I will hand over the call to Mr. S. Subramanian for the highlights. Over to you sir.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Thank you Shriniwas. Good morning all and a warm welcome to 
our Q1 FY25 earnings call. Before we get into the details of our Q1 performance, I would like 
to share that – 
1. We have published our Second Integrated Annual Report for FY24, which includes 
details of our progress so far in terms of our business and financial performance and 
also touches upon our strategic pillars and growth levers.  
2. I am also glad to share that we will be completing our first ever buyback of Rs. 750 
crores in August’24 at a price of Rs. 1,460. The cash outflow for the company is 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
3 
 
expected to be around Rs. 935 crore, against the FY24 dividend of approximately Rs. 
264 crores and will provide tax efficient return to our shareholders. 
 
Now coming to our Q1FY25 performance. I am delighted with our quarterly performance 
reflecting in our topline year-on-year growth of 10% amounting to Rs. 7,567 crores. This 
growth is seen across market driven by new product launches, market share gains, expansion 
into new geographies and stable pricing. Our Q4FY24 base has been higher due to accounting 
of Q2 and Q3 FY24 income of approximately $20 million from Indonesian operations. 
Excluding the above additional revenue, the quarter-on-quarter growth was higher at 2%.  
 
US recorded revenues of $ 426 million during the current quarter, marginally impacted by 
seasonality. Europe market demonstrated a strong performance and has achieved a revenue 
of €221 million and is on track to achieve €880 million plus for FY25. Further overall growth 
market performance has been good during the quarter.  
 
Our EBITDA margin remained at 21.4% and is lined with our expectation. EBITDA margins are 
supported by stable raw material prices, and operating leverage due to incremental plant 
utilization. This was partially offset by higher OpEx from newly commercialized plants 
including Pen-G, higher SG&A expenses on account of few non-recurring expenses including 
remediation and associated production delays that effectively reduced the EBITDA and the 
PBT by more than Rs. 100 crores. This is likely to come down significantly further in the future 
quarters. This coupled with the Pen-G ramp up is expected to further support the EBITDA 
margins in the upcoming quarters. At a full year level, we are confident of achieving our 
overall internal EBITDA margin target of around 21% to 22% as mentioned during the last 
earnings call.  
 
Our net profit for the quarter increased by 61% year-on-year to Rs. 919 crores.  
 
Now let me take you through the business wise highlights for the quarter – 
 
In terms of the business breakdown, formulation business excluding Puerto Rico in Q1FY25 
witnessed a growth of 15% year-on-year to Rs. 6,475 crores and contributed around 86% of 
the total revenue. The revenues are mainly supported by growth across markets of the US, 
Europe and growth markets.  
 
For the quarter, API business contributed around 14% and revenue increased by 6% year-on-
year to Rs. 1,092 crores. The growth in the API business is mainly driven by higher volumes 
on account of improved asset utilization.  
 
During the quarter, US formulation grew by 12% year-on-year and recorded a revenue of $426 
million. The growth was mainly driven by volume gains, stable demand and new product 
launches, while on an overall basis, price erosion remained neutral. Due to the off season, Q-
on-Q revenues dropped slightly. 
 
During the quarter, we filed 8 ANDAs, received final approval for 10 ANDAs and launched 10 
products. Few of our key approvals in the recent quarters include Mometasone, Isotretinoin 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
4 
 
and Estradiol inserts etc. Revenue from the overall generics in USA increased by 12% year-on-
year to US $277 million driven by new launches.  
 
Revenue from the injectable and specialty business in the US increased by 12% year-on-year 
to US$ 102 million. The total injectable specialty sales globally increased by 16% year-on-year 
$141 million. We have a total of 224 specialty and injectable ANDA filings as on the 30th June 
[2024] and out of which 170 have final approval and the remaining 54 are awaiting final 
approval. The company as on 30th June has 838 ANDAs filed with the US FDA on a cumulative 
basis, out of which 668 have final approval and 26 have tentative approval. 144 ANDAs are 
under review.  
 
For the quarter, European formulation clocked a revenue of Rs. 1,982 crores, an increase of 
8% year-on-year. In constant currency term, European revenue was €221 million against €205 
million of last year Q1.  
 
For the quarter, growth market revenue increased by 49% year-on-year to Rs. 709 crores. In 
US dollar terms, the revenue grew to $85 in Q1FY25. The increase was mainly driven by sales 
across markets and new geographies.  
 
For the quarter, ARV formulation business revenue increased by 14% year-on-year to Rs. 229 
crores or $27 million. This was supported by pickup in volume partially offset by price erosion 
to some extent.  
 
Now going to the other highlights – 
 
The raw material cost continued to be at the benign levels and are in line with the previous 
quarter supporting our gross margins which stood at 59.4% against 53.9% of the previous 
year. In absolute terms, gross contribution was Rs. 4,494 crores.  
 
R&D expenditure for the quarter stood at Rs. 339 crores which is 4.5% of the revenue.  
 
Net CapEx for the quarter is around $74 million.  
 
The average USD INR exchange rate is 83.41 against 83.04 in Q4. The average finance cost is 
around 6.5%.  
 
The business has a net cash inflow of $89 [million] during the quarter. As a result, the net cash 
position, including investments, at the end of June’24, improved significantly to US$ 101 
million. The gross debt stood at 833 million.  
 
[Outlook -] 
 
• We expect to continue our growth trajectory backed by volume gains, new product 
launches and stable pricing  
• We are on track with respect to Pen-G large scale commercialization and are hopeful 
to ramp up significantly from October’24 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
5 
 
• With expected volume pickup in the US markets and ramping up of newly 
commercialized plants, benefits are expected to accrue to the top and bottom line in 
the coming quarter 
• We expect the current pricing scenario in the US market to continue 
• Europe and growth markets are expected to continue the growth momentum 
• We are confident of achieving our internal EBITDA target margin of 21%-22% for the 
year FY25 
• Our China plant is expected to be commercialized from Q3 FY25 and the ramp up is 
expected from Q4 FY25 
• With our focused and strategic investments in R&D, we continue to develop strong 
product pipeline 
• Our biosimilars and complex products [portfolio] is progressing well. The clinical trials 
are advancing. Dr. Satakarni, CEO, will elaborate on this.  
 
This is all from my end.  
 
Now our business leaders will give more clarity on any specific aspects in our Q&A session. 
We are happy to take your questions. Thank you.  
 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask questions may raise your hand from the participant tab on the screen. 
Participants are requested to use headphones or earphones while asking a question. 
Participants are requested to restrict themselves to two questions.  
 
The first question is from Kunal Damesha.  
 
Kunal Damesha: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on 
good set of numbers. One for Subbu Sir. On the EBITDA margin guidance of 21% to 22%, since 
adjusted for some of the one off that you have highlighted, this quarter we would be at 
roughly 22.7%. We also said that this is kind of seasonally slightly muted quarter from the US 
perspective. Also, we have baked in all the Pen-G related commercialization expense. So, 
shouldn't the run rate from here on improve? And you know, is there any possibility of raising 
the EBITDA margin guidance at this point?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Kunal, you are absolutely right. But if you recollect in the last 
earnings call, I said very clearly, we will revisit the EBITDA guidance in the earnings call of 
November that is the second quarter call. We will be looking into that and then reflect 
accordingly.  
 
Kunal Damesha: Yes sir. And in terms of Pen-G plant cost, we have baked in for the full three 
months in this quarter? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yeah, three months we didn't have sales at all because of the 
various reasons in the Pen-G plant. [Though] The equipment are ready for the mechanical 
integration, we have synchronized the power and boiler and we lined up all the utilities 
together; we encountered teething problems in the last quarter when we are trying to scale 
it up, mainly due to the different operating environment compared to some of the foreign 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
6 
 
countries. So, we are expected to do around approximately around 20 batches this month 
followed by another 30 batches in the next month. If these two go well, I think, we will be 
more or less able to ramp up in a significant manner starting October.  
 
Kunal Damesha: Sure sir, but my question was more on the operating expenses side. Is it 
already baked into our P&L?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yes. Everything got into the P&L. 
 
Kunal Damesha: And depreciation of 400 crore plus also reflects the plant capitalization? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: That includes all the plant depreciation, everything. 
 
Kunal Damesha: If you can provide any incremental updates on our biologics/biosimilar 
business over quarter four? It would help. 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Good morning, Kunal. With our biosimilars initiative, we are making 
the intended and steady progress with our clinical trials as well as our review of filings. Our 
pipeline now extends up to 2032 and I'm reasonably convinced about the progress we are 
making. With the first wave of biosimilars, I'm pleased to state that we have achieved an 
important milestone in May of completing recruitment of all patients as part of our 
Denosumab trial in European sites. The clinical study closure will be in June next year and we 
will be on track to file this product with both European Medicines Agency and the FDA in the 
second quarter of the next year [Q2FY26].  
 
Denosumab is my first foray into immunology segment. Likewise, an important product of 
ours is the biosimilar to Omalizumab which I have been continuously updating in these 
earnings calls. The product fits well into our dermatology portfolio with its use in chronic 
spontaneous urticaria. Also, with the treatment for accidental food allergies now approved 
for this product in the US, we are confident of the broader scope of treatment that 
Omalizumab can offer across respiratory asthma, accidental food allergies and chronic 
spontaneous urticaria. We have completed a successful phase one study in Australia in 
healthy volunteers for this product. This I have updated about. The product is now being 
studied in a large phase three clinical trial comprising of more than 600 chronic urticaria 
subjects in Europe. Separately, a small study also is being conducted with respect to asthma 
patients in India. So, the Indian clinical study, to give you guidance, will be completed by the 
end of this year, allowing the product to be filed in India and certain emerging markets by Q3-
Q4 [CY25]. The large European study will be completed by mid-next year and we hope to file 
the product in Q3 next fiscal [Q3 FY26] with EMA and the FDA. So, with both these 
immunology assets, which is a departure from the oncology assets that we are already in, we 
are hoping to file both these products with EMA and FDA next year. 
 
Then, there are two more products of ours in phase three clinical studies and their progress 
is okay. The pace of recruitment could have been better with our ophthalmic product, but 
that's the nature of the ophthalmic trials. It's going pretty slow, but I'm confident of 
completing the trial for the ophthalmic product in 2026. But the oncology product, we have 
completed about 80% of the recruitment and I hope to complete the recruitment in Europe 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
7 
 
by the end of this year for this product and probably position this for filing end next year 
[CY25].  
 
Now with respect to our current product filings that are with EMA, they are going through the 
review process. I expect us to be able to meet the requirements within the clock stop period 
that we are in right now. And hopefully in two quarters time we will be able to see these 
approvals starting to trickle in for these three products one after the other, provided there 
are no more regulatory uncertainties. Our Trastuzumab US filing that I told [about] in the last 
quarter in the earnings call that we'll be filing this quarter, slightly got delayed by a month. 
We are still on track to file it and I hope to file it in the next four to eight weeks with FDA. I 
have completed a Type-4 meeting with the FDA, so the decks are now fully cleared from the 
US FDA based on the Type-4 meeting to file Trastuzumab with the US FDA. In all, I think we 
are progressing well. Our Tocilizumab biosimilar, which is another immunology asset which is 
catering only to India and emerging markets, they [we] have completed a phase three clinical 
trial in India and I hope to file this product in the next three to four months’ time. But this is 
India and emerging markets product only. 
 
In the nutshell, we are reasonably convinced about how our biosimilars business is shaping 
up and I think our products will start to reach the intended markets from next year onwards.  
 
Kunal Damesha: Sure Sir. Thank you. And if you can quickly also update on the biologics 
business, where are we in the process of putting the 30,000-litre capacity, etc?  
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: In the last earnings call, I have talked about us being optimistic 
about closing the deal with MSD Singapore entity and after three days of the earnings call, we 
have signed on the dotted line. Now we have entered into a definitive agreement with MSD, 
and we have one product schedule, as well, with them. The definitive agreement means that 
the civil works for the facility have now gathered pace, and I hope to complete the project by 
2026 [CY], which allows the engineering batches or water runs to be conducted. From 2027 
[CY] onwards, I expect the stockpiling process to begin for this product and the revenues to 
trickle in. The facility is progressing well and I'm reasonably confident of executing the project 
on time in 2026 [CY] for the engineering batches to be taken within the facility. So, I don't see 
any showstoppers there. The thing is progressing well, Kunal, if that answers your question.  
 
Kunal Damesha: Yeah, Sir. Good luck and I'll have more question. I'll join back. That’s it. Thank 
you. 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you.  
 
Operator: Thank you. Requesting everyone to restrict themselves with two questions, please. 
The next question is from Amey Chalke.  
 
Amey Chalke: Thank you so much for giving me an opportunity to ask a question and congrats 
to the management on the good set of numbers. First question, is it possible for management 
to guide how the Revlimid sales have moved from quarter four to quarter one?  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
8 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: No, we are not specifically talking about Revlimid as a separate sales 
segment. But our run rate continues to be in a similar way when we launch the product and 
we expect to continue in a similar way.  
 
Amey Chalke: Sure. I don't want quantification, but qualitatively, is it possible to guide? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Qualitatively at this point of time, yes, the pricing remains constant. We 
don't see any decline and we are trying to as best as possible to schedule it in such a way that 
like every quarter we have decent set of numbers. Except for the one or two quarters, we 
expect the similar run rate to continue. 
 
Amey Chalke: Sure. And should we assume that this year we should book higher sales 
compared to last year or it should be similar?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: It will be like 10 or 15% here and there, but it will be similar.  
 
Amey Chalke: Got it. Second question I have is on the Europe and China revenue potential 
considering both China plant and Vizag plant are being operationalised in FY25. So if you can 
give us some outlook on both the plants. Thank you so much.  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Well, let me just talk about Eugia Vizag then probably Subbu, you can 
take care of China. Eugia Vizag plant is up and running. We started capitalizing the plant last 
quarter itself and our European audit is done and we will be hopefully starting filings from 
next quarter because we are waiting for the GMP certificate to come from European 
authorities. Once we receive the GMP certificate, we will start filing products for the Europe. 
Our US filings are also on track and hopefully, we should do around three to four filings this 
year. So, I expect revenues to start from FY26 onwards.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yeah. So, in terms of China, we are planning to start small volume 
in the month of November-December and expect to ramp it up in the period between January 
to March quarter of next year [Q4FY25]. And the full-fledged volumes will start going only the 
next fiscal year [FY26]. In fact, we are trying to do some filings for China as well as for US. So 
all this will take the China revenue potential up in the coming years. This year we will see only 
a small volume and value.  
 
Swami Iyer: So, if I may add Subbu something to what you said. In China, we have also shipped 
the first commercial product for BFS through our JV partner.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
 
Neha Manpuria: Thanks for taking my question. Yugandhar, my first question is on the US 
business. I thought we were supposed to see improvement in the US business with the 
resumption of the facility in the quarter. Could you give us some colour on what's happening 
to that? Should we expect the improvement in the injectable business to be a little slower 
versus our initial expectation? And just an extension to that question. We've seen another 
facility get an OAI for the injectable business. You know, how are you thinking about 
compliance for the injectable business, given that's a key for our growth momentum in Eugia? 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
9 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Thanks, Neha. Yes, you're right. In fact, we thought last year Q4, we have 
taken the hit, but because we wanted to be robust enough in terms of our remediation action, 
it continued in Q1 as well. Our overall manufacturing was not to the fullest extent what it 
used to be. So Q4 and Q1, two quarters I have taken the hit in terms of other remediation 
actions for the Eugia-3 plant. So, I am cautiously optimistic that from this quarter onwards, 
that is Q2 of FY25 onwards, our regular injectable business should move up. I'm quite 
confident of that.  
 
Coming to the second plant which is our Bhiwadi plant near Delhi which got OAI, we are 
working with FDA and I'm confident that can be resolved. That's a lesser evil than the Eugia-
3 and we feel like whatever perceived issues what FDA has, in next 1-2 months we should be 
in a position to clear that. So, I am cautiously optimistic at this point of time of resolving FDA 
related issues and, at the same time, the sales momentum going up from Q2 onwards.  
 
Neha Manpuria: And does that make us confident to be able to gain the lost market share for 
these injectable products? Because I can see that we have lost market share in some of the 
products in the injectable side.  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: I think at this point of time, the way I see it is, I don't think we have lost 
too much of market share on any of the molecules. It is mainly the supply constraints, what 
we created on ourselves and that is what has taken a bit of a beating in terms of Q4 and Q1.  
Once we start ramping up and we are already on the way, I'm sure [that] we will gain the 
sales. We haven't lost too much of market share in any of the molecules.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Got it. And my second question is on Europe. Particularly strong quarter. I 
know Subbu sir mentioned in his opening remarks that this will be north of 880 million for the 
full year. Could you give us some colour on the reason for the step up in the quarter and why 
we believe this will be sustainable going forward?  
 
V. Muralidharan: Good morning Neha and good morning everyone. Murali here and I'm going 
to take this question. Yes, Europe has been a contributor, silent contributor to the global 
revenue of Aurobindo in the range of 25%. And of course, we are having certain plans for new 
launches. And if you take the Q1 performance and on a straight-line basis alone, we'll be 
touching €880 million. We have a couple of major launches coming up during the year. So we 
are quite confident and bullish that we'll be able to go northwards of 850 million towards 
€880-900 million. Thank you.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Understood. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the Damayanti. 
 
Damayanti: Hi, good morning and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on 
remediation related costs. So, in your opening remark, you mentioned there were some 
additional costs which you incurred in the 1st Quarter due to this remediation charge etc. Can 
you quantify that? And how much of that could be seen in this current 2nd Quarter?  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
10 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Damayanti, in Q1, we have spent around [$] 9 million dollars against the 
remediation cost of year Eugia-3. And we expect the Q2 to be only a very fraction of that. I 
think, hopefully, it will be around [$] 2 million. And we have completed all the remediation, 
and we don't expect anything more than what we have already spent. So, Q1, yes, it is [$] 9 
million plus, and Q2 would be around [$] 2 million plus. That's what is our expectation. 
 
Damayanti: Okay, so majority done and now maybe a few related to Bhiwadi plant. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Bhiwadi, we don't need any remediation there. It is only clarification. So, 
it is going to be more about clarifications of this. Absolutely, there's no remediation in 
Bhiwadi. It is only Eugia-3 where the remediation was required and we have, to our best of 
our effort, done that particular piece and that is over.  
 
Damyanti: Okay. And you just mentioned Q2 onwards, you expect the generic injectable sales 
to move up and then maybe you will back to the pre-disruption stages.  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: That's right, Damayanti.  
 
Damayanti: And you maintain your guidance for global speciality, like Eugia sales, which you 
had given some time back? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah, in fact, for this year, I've already guided that we will do around [$] 
600 million plus. I think we still are optimistic about touching the [$] 600 million.  
 
Damayanti: Okay. And my second question is on your Indonesia operations. So, you 
mentioned 20 million sort of sale you have booked. So, what kind of ramp up you see in that 
market? Are you optimistic about ramping this up significantly?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: No, Damayanti. What I was mentioning is, in the Q4, we have 
accounted the Q2 and Q3 sales because we did the closing sometime by December 20th. So, 
the entire thing, the net economic benefit, has flown into the Quarter 4. That is the reason 
why it has come there. Otherwise, we have been traditionally doing around 8 million per 
quarter and we will continue to do that at least for the [current financial] year. We are also 
thinking how to increase the overall sales and ramp it up, because this is an existing business. 
So, now the challenge is how to increase it, how to ramp it up to the next level, which we are 
working on.  
 
Damayanti: Okay, sir. That's clear. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan.  
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just the first one, 
again on the European business, you talked about EUR 850 million for the full year kind of run 
rate. So just want to understand how is the underlying profitability of this business now 
tracking, have we moved past that double digit into mid-teens in terms of the margin profile?  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
11 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: I think Shyam, in terms of the euro business, I think they have been 
doing it extremely well in the last 2-3 quarters. They have been gradually increasing their 
overall revenue, overall margins. And I think the margins have already moved to nearly mid-
teens level. And the way Murali has communicated, this is expected to be sustained if not 
improved.  
 
V. Muralidharan: Well said, Subbu, I agree with you. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Murali Sir, just in terms of the integration where we have tried to move to 
some of our local plants. How far are we on the journey and how much more can be done 
incrementally for integration for the European business?  
 
V. Muralidharan: When you talk of local plant, in Europe we have only the plant at Generis, 
Portugal. But if you're referring to the expanded facilities in India, the Unit 15 has undergone 
expansion, which is clearly helping us in feeding the markets. And despite Q1 bearing months 
still impacted by Red Sea issues, the production and dispatches from India has really helped 
us in time-to-market being achieved. So, we are doing fine. And when China plant starts 
feeding us, all the more we will be able to supply clearly to the market better. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: That's helpful. Just quickly on the second question, if I were to look at the 
Pen-G plant, has all the CapEx now done, Subbu sir, in terms of what CapEx we had to do? 
And in terms of the ramp up for this particular business, you talked about cost being there. 
When is the likelihood of the revenue starting to kick in for this plant?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Relating to the CapEx, Srinivas, we have more or less incurred 
around 95% of the CapEx. Any 5% is dependent upon the [additional] requirement, while we 
are ramping up. So more or less the CapEx is over. The second question is that we didn't have 
any significant revenue flow last quarter. This quarter we are planning to do a good set of 
batches as a process of ramping up, which is expected to give some revenue during this 
quarter. These two months are very critical - August, September. Once we achieve that, next 
quarter we will be going towards 80% of the ramp up. We are working towards the same. So, 
we will be able to give better clarity during the 2nd Quarter earnings call. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: But I just want to add, Shyam, we have taken some good number 
of operating expenses and we didn't have the sales during that quarter. And once the 
[capacity] ramps up, it [will] help in overall growth of the company, increasing the EBITDA 
margin. The existing operational expenses cost, which we have incurred during the period of 
stabilization, will not be there.  
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Understood, Sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: The next question is from Bino.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
12 
 
Bino: Okay. First question regarding this product generic Emflaza [Deflazacort] which we had 
launched in the US a few months back, how is it doing? Are we only the player in the markets 
still?  
 
Swamy Iyer: Yeah, Deflazacort. Yes, we have launched this product. At this point, I think we 
are the only player i.e. for the tablets.  
 
Bino: Okay. And do you expect that situation to continue for some time?  
 
Swami Iyer: We can't predict that, but we have strengthened this product. So, we think that 
we continue to do well.  
 
Bino: Okay. Second, there is lifitegrast ophthalmic solution for which you have an approval 
already. Is that a product we can expect in next 12 to 18 months or is it far away?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Lifitegrast is not going to be anytime soon. We have the final approval, 
but we also have a settlement with the innovator. Based on that, I can tell you that it is not a 
12 to 18 months period product.  
 
Bino: Understood. And finally, on Mirabegron, where there is some litigation going on, some 
people have launched. Do you have plans to launch near term?  
 
Swami Iyer: No. Bino, you have raised this question at least twice in the past and we 
responded to you. We have a settlement in place. So, whatever the two companies which 
have launched, have launched, I understand, at risk. There is a case that is ongoing, and the 
hearing is expected. The final hearing is expected sometime in October or end of this year. 
We will have to watch. But I want to tell you that, we have a settlement. Based on the 
settlement, we cannot launch now.  
 
Bino: Got it. One final question on MSD, if I can push it. The deal, would it be for 
manufacturing of products also for the US and European markets or would it be more for the 
emerging markets?  
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Bino, right now the markets are still under discussion. But it will be 
majority of the markets with probably Europe also coming in. But owing to the confidentiality 
nature of the discussions between my team and the MSD, I would not be able to provide any 
more update on this now. But as and when things get clearer, I can provide you an update. 
 
Bino: Understood. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Jigar Walia.  
 
Jigar Walia: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is now with this Unit 3 
classification also kind of getting out of the way things getting resolved, is the board probably 
planning to go back to the proposed spin-off or IPO listing for Eugia?  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
13 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: So, Mr. Jigar, we have last year, in the month of August, the board 
decided to evaluate, explore various options. And we put it on hold subsequently because the 
inspection for the Eugia business started. All the units have undergone the inspection. So, 
now that inspections are over, we can revisit it. And some of the bankers are also approaching 
us. So, we have to decide it. But as and when a firm decision is taken and we are going to 
implement it, we will certainly inform the market as per the compliance.  
 
Jigar Walia: Great, sir. So, one question is on the margin. You mentioned about Rs. 100 crores 
one off this quarter, which gradually will reduce with the operating scale and the business 
ramp up. But as the business scales up, it will take a while, I mean, it will take its time to come 
to the company level margin. So, overall, we maintain at 21%-22%, while in absolute terms, 
the margin is definitely ramp up.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Mr. Jigar, my colleague, Mr. Yugandhar has clearly articulated that. 
We had remediation cost of around US$ 9 million plus, which is expected to come down to 
US$2 million this quarter. That itself is clearly shows that we are going to cut it down during 
the quarter. 
 
Jigar Walia: Absolutely. So, the absolute EBITDA will be more reflective 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yes, more reflective. At least these OpEx will not be there. 
 
Jigar Walia: Understood. Sir, last question is, with this board change and now the new 
Chairman, etc., is there anything different on the board meetings or other things?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: No, we have been conducting the board meeting with the highest 
standards always and with the new board chairman coming in, he is bringing his own set of 
ideas on things, which we are implementing. We have also strengthened the board by having 
one more Independent Director by name Dr. Deepali Pant. And, also, Dr. Satakarni joined the 
board to strengthen on the R&D and the science side. So, lot of new things are happening in 
the board meetings. 
 
Jigar Walia: Thank you. Thank you so much, sir.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Ankush Mahajan.  
 
Ankush Mahajan: Good morning, Sir. Sir, my question is related to the injectables. Taking run 
rate of the gRevlimid, [are] the other injectables either flat or showing some declining 
[trend]?. I’m just trying to understand how is the price erosion in the base injectable business 
if I deducted the gRevlimid part?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: The price erosion is low single digits.  
 
Ankush Mahajan: Okay, Sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question, the next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
14 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Thank you for the opportunity again, Sir. Subbu Sir, on the effective tax 
rate, this quarter we have around 30%. If you can provide the outlook for FY25 and what is 
driving this higher ETR for us?  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: See, some of the units, like biosimilar company and the Lyfius, 
which is the penicillin-G company, where we are incurring the OpEx loss, we are not taking 
the deferred tax credit. Once we start a tax credit, obviously it will come down. And in terms 
of the year as a whole, with the Lyfius plant expected to do well by 3rd and 4th Quarter etc., 
probably we may come to more than a break-even scenario by which the tax rate and the tax 
credits will be taken and the tax rates will come down. Overall, I think we will be somewhere 
around 27-28% at this particular point in time.  
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, Sir. Thank you for that. And one for Yugandhar sir on Revlimid. We 
said that the net gRevlimid contribution this year would be 10-15% higher than last year. But 
this time around, we will also have a full year impact of gRevlimid versus the half-year impact 
for last year. So, shouldn't the contribution be higher?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: No, Kunal. Frankly, like I never wanted to say anything about gRevlimid 
because we never announced what is the gRevlimid sales, whether it is last year or this year. 
I only just generally guided. Also, as you know, Kunal, it is about settlement periods. Some 
can have an overlapping effect on some other periods. So, I think it is better to leave it there.  
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, Sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: The next question is from Tarang Agarwal.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Hi. Good morning. A couple of questions on Eugia and then on the US 
business. Over the last two years, how has your market share moved in the US injectables 
business? Because there has been quite a lot of movement in the marketplace. So, just 
wanted to get a pulse on how the market share has moved. And second, what is the dollar 
impact of revenue, say, in Q1 because of the remediation activity happening in Eugia-3?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: In injectable business, mainly the speciality portion of the US, it is steady. 
In fact, last year, I was expecting that we will move very well, but Eugia-3 hit us in Q4. Because 
of that the impact continued in Q1. So, in general, I can say is it is stable. Obviously, we could 
not grow too much because of Eugia-3 impact. And what is your second question Tarang?  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Dollar impact revenue, because of Eugia-3.  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Revenue impact, I told you, like last quarter i.e. Q4 of FY24, we had a $ 
20 million revenue impact. And the Q1, we had around similar $ 15 to 20 million impact. And 
we hope that is the end of it.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Perfect. That is quite helpful. So, now on the US. Swami Sir, is it possible for 
the OSD business to reach US$ 300 million quarterly run rate anytime soon, purely from 
products perspective, in terms of market approvals, and from a capacity perspective?  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
15 
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah, Tarang. I will not give a specific number, but I can generally talk about it. 
So, the US business, as you have seen, has been doing well. And then, we have made major 
strides in building on our past success. And our business is right now demonstrating good, 
very strong momentum. And we found that our volume-based strategy with global capacity 
and talent pool that we have, has helped us to grow into this kind of large generic company. 
So, these are the basic factors, and that factor remains and it really gets strengthened. We 
also have a number of new launches. Last year we guided that we are going to have few [good] 
launches that would be coming in. This year also, we expect a good amount of launches, 
somewhat similar to last year. And we are getting products from the JV in China. And we are 
also expecting commercialization sometime in the near future for the US oral solid. So, 
overall, I feel fairly optimistic. And we believe that US oral solids will do well. As far as the 
number is concerned, we had good amount of growth in the recent past, and if this continues, 
we should be close to that number or achieve that number sometime soon.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Sure. And specifically on the OTC business for this quarter, I saw some 
softness. Is it just a quarterly aberration or is something happening there?  
 
Swami Iyer: OTC business was soft in this Q1. There are a couple of reasons. One is, 
seasonality. Definitely, this was not the season. Despite that, it should have been better, that 
I agree. But we are optimistic. We have some new awards that are going to start sometime 
this quarter, and I think that will get ramped up sometime during the year. We believe that 
we will see some progress in the OTC business going forward, at least from Q2. That is our 
expectation. And, you know, we also have the OTC branded business that's in a separate 
company. We have recently had restructuring the last one year of the leadership team and 
we have got a new strategy. We are very optimistic about the future of that business too. 
Overall, we think we will see better times for OTC going forward.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Okay. Just last two, any update on Ryzneuta? I mean, how is that product 
shaping up?  
 
Swami Iyer: Ryzneuta, unfortunately, there was some problem with the CMO. We were to 
launch in the Q2 of this year. The problems are being resolved, and I think there could be a 
delay and the launch would be probably in the last quarter of the current fiscal at this point 
in time.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Okay. And the last question on Europe. Given that the business has achieved 
almost a EUR 850 to EUR 900 million run rate and the margins have moved to mid-teen levels, 
are there possibly more levers in the business from the point of view of margin expansion. 
Just wanted to hear your thoughts, or we should expect it to remain at these levels now from 
here on?  
 
V. Muralidharan: Tarang, thank you for [asking] this [question]. Yeah, obviously, we expect 
to move upwards, of course, on the oral solid business, which is predominantly the 
contributor as of date for the European revenues. We are trying to do our very best. But also, 
as very clearly explained by Dr. Satakarni in his initial elaboration, we are keenly looking at 
the launch of some of the biosimilars in the upcoming period, and that would contribute to 
increasing the EBITDA margin substantially. Similarly, also we are looking at the Vizag plant of 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
12 August 2024 
 
16 
 
Eugia to start feeding us, which will be enabling us to participate better in the tenders, in the 
process, build up our revenues and margins. So, the brighter period is ahead of us. We are 
keenly looking at it. Thank you.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Thank you, sir. All the best.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. As this was our last question, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments.  
 
Shriniwas Dange: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. If you have any of your 
questions unanswered, please feel free to keep in touch with the Investor Relations team. 
The transcript of this call will be uploaded on our website www.aurobindo.com in due course. 
Thank you and have a great day.  
 
Moderator: On behalf of Aurobindo Pharma that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your line and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
(END OF TRANSCRIPT) 
 
 
BADDIGA
M ADI 
REDDY
Digitally signed 
by BADDIGAM 
ADI REDDY 
Date: 2024.08.16 
14:58:07 +05'30'
