 
 
 
 
 
 
24th July, 2024 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
 
NSE Symbol : HAVELLS 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip Code : 517354 
 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Financial Results for the first quarter 
ended 30th June, 2024 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated 12th July, 2024 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 regarding the conference call to discuss the financial results for the first quarter 
ended 30th June, 2024 scheduled for 18th July, 2024. 
 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges already, we are enclosing the 
Transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company under Financials in the Investors 
section. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Havells India Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanjay Kumar Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
" 
HAVELLS 
GROUP 
HAVELLS INDIA LTD. 
Corporate Office: QRG Towers, 2D, Sector 126, Expressway, Naida -201304, U.P (INDIA). Tel: +91 -120-3331000, Fax: +91-120-3332000, E-mail:marketing@havells.com, www.havells.com 
Registered Office: 904, 9th Floor, Surya Kiran Building, K.G. Marg, Connaught Place, New Delhi - 110001. (INDIA) 
For CARE 360, Call us: for Havells: 08045771313, for Lloyd: 08045775666. CIN: L31900DL 1983PLC016304 
M HAVELLS I LLO=::I!:> I HAVELLS ®rabtree I S STANDARD I RE 
SANJAY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY KUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2024.07.24 
11:25:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Havells India Limited 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
July 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL RAI GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – HAVELLS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND GROUP CFO – HAVELLS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMEET KUMAR GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – HAVELLS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJIV GOEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HAVELLS 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – JM FINANCIAL 
HAVELLS 
" 
HAVELLS 
'
JM FINANCIAL 
C 
H 
O 
R 
L 
L ' 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Havells India Limited Q1 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Deepak. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. Good afternoon, all. On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities, I welcome you 
all to Havells India Q1 FY'25 Conference Call. Today, we have with us management represented 
by Mr. Anil Rai Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh Kumar Gupta, Whole-
Time Director and Group CFO; Mr. Ameet Kumar Gupta, Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Rajiv 
Goel, Executive Director. I would like to thank management for giving us the opportunity to 
host this call. 
And now I'd like to hand over the floor to management, post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Thank you, Deepak. Good evening and thank you everyone for attending the call today. Hope 
you would have reviewed the results by now. 
Q1 posted good growth as cooling products capitalized on a favourable summer. Categories like 
air conditioners, fans and air coolers performed well as we leveraged our manufacturing 
capacities, brand strength and omni-channel presence to tap into the market opportunity.  
As we witnessed many first-time buyers of air conditioners, we feel that this may trigger an 
inflection point for the under-penetrated AC industry. Industrial and infrastructure continue to 
perform well, albeit some impact due to elections. Cables registered double-digit growth, but 
wires revenue was impacted by channel destocking with sharp commodity price decline in June 
2024. 
As cost efficiency initiatives yielding results in the form of improved profitability of Lloyd, we 
continue to strengthen our market position with investments into brand building, differentiated 
offerings and talent pool.  
We can now move to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang Equities. Please go ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
Yes. Sir, my question is on the ECD segment, while I see that there is a revenue growth of 20% 
the margins have been flattish. As trends, now the channel has been restocking and also the 
premium fans have moved. So that means there has been an ASP expansion on that front. So can 
you just call out what really led to a flattish margin growth here? Was it mainly advertising 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
spend or is there a significant ASP compression in other segments or other product categories in 
ECD? Also, if you could call out the growth for fans, particularly. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Sorry. Your voice broke in between. Can you just repeat quickly the question? 
Natasha Jain: 
Yes. Sir, my question is on the ECD. In ECD, while the growth has been 20%, the margin 
expansion has been pretty much flat. Now on the ground level, we understand that premium fans 
have done well. So that would ideally lead to expansion on ASP front. So I just want to 
understand why are we at flattish margins? Is it mainly because of higher advertising spend or 
is there a significant degrowth in some other categories? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
So actually, if you look at the contribution margin, the contribution margins have improved both 
due to premiumization as well as the cost-saving initiatives over the last one or two years. 
Quarter-on-quarter, there could be differentiated segment results because sometimes the 
advertising spends are higher, sometimes lower. So I think we believe we should track the 
contribution margin stability or expansion there. 
Natasha Jain: 
Sir, my next question is on switches and switchgears. Now we've seen domination by local or 
unlisted players like Gold Medal or probably your exact competitors would be Norisys, 
Schneider or Legrand. Now most of these bands are getting credit period days as high as 100 to 
150 days with product SKUs probably minimum 2x of what Havells has and therefore a strong 
push by dealers and distributors on the ground. While our revenue contribution is approximately 
10%, margin contribution is still close to one-third. So going forward, do you feel that this 
increased competitive intensity can further compress our margins in this segment? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Well, I think the increased competitive intensity or similar competitive intensity has been there 
for quite some time. And when you say local players, I don't know how you calculate, how you're 
taking national players like even Gold Medal or Norisys or Schneider and Legrand as regional 
players. They're not regional players. They are national players. And I believe that they are also 
premium priced players. Despite all that, I think over a period of time, over a longer period time, 
we have ranged in our switchgear contribution margins in a very close bound range between 
38% to 40%, 41%. So that's been there. Quarter-on-quarter, it can vary. But otherwise, generally, 
we have been range bound and I think we'll continue to strive to be there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh B.: 
Mr. Gupta, I just had questions all on the Lloyd's part of the business. Now what we are 
observing is for two quarters now, you have delivered, you're broken even. I think fourth quarter, 
you did almost 2.8% margins. In this quarter, you did around 3.5% margins. Now what exactly 
has contributed for this whole business going from a loss to a profit? Is it just that now you hit a 
scale where you can consistently deliver positive EBIT margin or there has been some price 
action you have taken? Or is it because there are cost savings, you're manufacturing in-house, if 
you could throw a little more light on what has caused these numbers to go up to a profitability 
part. 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
The second part of the question is this 3.5% margin, is this a reasonable number, which we can 
assume for the full year of the current year, that is it possible for Lloyd to deliver 3.5%-4% kind 
of EBIT margins for the full year in the current year? And where do you think this number can 
go according to you, if everything goes according to plan over the next couple of years? This is 
all related to the Lloyd business. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
My God, you've put 10 questions in one question. So look, I don't want to keep repeating myself 
again and again over various conference calls. Lloyd is a journey, right? And again, I frankly 
don't even look at 2.8%, 3.5% for the whole year. We're making huge investments in Lloyd for 
quite some time, and we'll continue to do so, even if you see our brand building efforts, we're 
spending close to 4%-4.5% in Lloyd, which clearly indicates long-term investment. We see a 
huge growth opportunity in Lloyd. It's a very large industry. And our market shares are small in 
many categories. So hence, we see a huge growth opportunity there. 
Now having said that, whatever things that you mentioned, it's not pricing action, but it is 
premiumization over a long period of time, ability for trade to accept a certain price level and 
the consumer to give a certain price level to a brand. That's again a long-term thing. Bringing 
efficiencies in manufacturing and cost efficiencies, that's also a major contributor towards 
sustained profitability over the continued period. 
Having said that, you have also said about the fourth quarter and the first quarter. This is the 
period when primarily 65%-70% of the sales happen for air conditioners. So we do get operating 
leverage also during these two quarters. Second and third quarter because we are still overweight 
on-air conditioners, second and third quarter will always remain challenging. But over the year, 
Lloyd is now on a much stronger place than it was earlier. 
I would not give any number associated, as you are probably asking me on this call. But I would 
say that one, there will be improved price realization and reduced costs over a longer period of 
time as well as growth will be a major driver for Lloyd for us. And also, we'll continue to make 
investments in brand building, R&D, and manufacturing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, just wanted to get a color on the demand perspective. If you look at ECD shown a 20% 
growth for the quarter, if you can give some more color in terms of volume growth, particularly 
for, say, fans and also some of the other segments within the space and the kitchen appliances 
as well, which we are kind of looking at. So the first question is around that, please. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
So I think over the last couple of years, we have seen some tepid growth in the consumer 
segment. And in this particular quarter, one, the summer definitely helped. Secondly, a low base 
over last year also contributed to a higher growth. Whether we are seeing a sustained 
improvement in consumer demand, I would still say I hope it continues, but we are not very sure 
whether this is just a one-off. And it is looking better, but I would not again say it's very different 
than what we have seen in the last one or two years.  
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
But having said that, the actions that we are taking, whether it's for fans, outreaching smaller 
towns and villages as well as our kitchen appliances gaining better traction in the minds of the 
consumer, so those things will continue to help us increasing the sales in the ECD segment. So 
we are hopeful for our growth. Obviously, tailwind from the consumer side will also help us get 
in faster growth. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, any color on how fans would have done in this particular quarter? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Fans have done very well in this quarter. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. And secondly, sir, on the Cables & Wires segment, clearly, the raw material volatility has 
impacted revenues. But as we move ahead into July, I understand it's a very short time frame, 
have you seen kind of any pickup or bounce back in terms of inventory filling back by the 
dealers? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Yes. So June was a particular month where suddenly there was a huge destocking because we 
had seen stocking in March-April-May period. In June, heavy destocking happened because of 
the raw material fluctuations. We are seeing July to be coming back to normal levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhartha from Nomura. 
Siddhartha: 
Sir, first question, I can continue on the Cable & Wires side, I mean, we had a new capacity 
coming up in the quarter. Any update on that? Is it completely onstream? And going ahead also, 
we plan to add more capacity by the end of next year. If you can share some insight into which 
segments in the Cable, are you expanding? Some color there will be helpful. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
We are just awaiting the final approvals for our sales to start happening from the new facility in 
Tumkur. So it should start within this quarter. And so that first phase of expansion is over. But 
we are continuing to add capacity, both for exports and for domestic segments and for a larger 
range of underground cables. For domestic wires, we have capacity, and that's the continuous 
process we've been building for, but for power cables, we are expanding capacity in various 
segments, including for export. So yes, you're right. For the next 1-1.5 years, we'll see more 
capacity expansion in Cables & Wires. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, second question is on the export side. I mean, we have done multiple JVs in the U.S. 
also for selling ACs and lights. Can you share some medium-term outlook? Like exports is 
nearly 3% of our revenues now over the next couple of years. Given these initiatives, any 
numbers, if you can share, you want to sort of get from the export markets, if you can share some 
color, it would be helpful. 
Rajiv Goel: 
So I think these U.S. JVs, we have just sort of instituted them. So I think they will pick up the 
pace in time to come. So our endeavour is definitely to tap the global opportunity, and that's 
what we are doing either directly from here also creating sort of these marketing ventures there. 
So I think let's give it some time. I think it will be difficult to give any outlook right now. But 
clearly, I think we should continuously improve over a period of time.  
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Over a period time, may be around 10% of our business should come from international. But 
that's an aspiration. I mean we are not holding out any medium-term targets for that. But our 
opportunity is definitely there, and I think it's something which can be leveraged by us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So two questions. Now considering the commodity inflation, we have seen some instances of 
price hikes by various durable companies. So how do we see Havells in terms of price hikes? 
Have we initiated any price hike in Q1? And now what is the current stance on the price hikes? 
That is question number one. 
And question two, now we can see now Crabtree brand is getting rebranded as Havells Crabtree. 
So, should we read similar things happening with Standard, REO as well as Lloyd also? And is 
there any plan to make Havells as a mother brand and in terms of reducing overall spend in terms 
of advertising etc? So how should we read on these lines? These are the two questions. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
So as far as price increases are concerned, most of that has been done in many product categories, 
including Consumer Durables in the first quarter. So as long as this raw materials remain at this 
level, we've taken all the pricing actions as of now. 
As far as the branding is concerned, Havells switches used to operate in two different brands - 
in Crabtree and Havells other than REO and Standard, but what we realized was that there was 
overlapping of customer segments, influences and the channel in Havells and Crabtree. And 
hence, we decided to merge these two brands. So all switching solutions from the Havells brand 
are now termed as Havells Crabtree. And Crabtree because of the legacy brand of the switches, 
so we'll continue with that brand for all switching solutions from us. But whether it is Standard, 
REO and Lloyd, they will continue to remain as independent brands even in the foreseeable 
future. This is because we see a clear differentiation of the consumer segments in all these three 
brands. So we don't see Havells to act as a mother brand for the other three brands. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Very helpful. Understood. Just in terms of quantum of the price hikes, if you 
can elaborate a bit and anything...? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
It's different for different product categories. Also many times, it happens over months, so it is 
different for different product categories. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from IKIGAI Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sir, two questions. Firstly, could you talk a bit on the non-AC portfolio of Lloyd, please? 
Largely, my sense is it's 25% of overall Lloyd business. Incremental growth and capacity has 
been coming up and your investments, and how do you see the Indian market for that? And 
secondly, on the international side, just a small question there. Whatever we're doing right now, 
the efforts are all focused on the U.S. market specifically, or is it like U.S. and Europe across? 
That's the first question. 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Rajiv Goel: 
So non-AC categories, you see in this quarter, obviously AC is dominating almost 85%-87%. 
And as we always maintained, and we mentioned earlier in the call also, that we see Lloyd is a 
journey, so I think the journey will cover the other product categories as well. So obviously, as 
we expect the refrigerator being a summer product, there has been good growth in that for our 
business. Even though it is still an emerging category in our portfolio.  
But on the overall non-AC category, we have also done well. The growth has been also pretty 
good. The investments will continue to go behind the categories. We have maintained that the 
refrigerators, and the washing machines will be the key focus for us in the non-AC categories.  
The second one on the international, U.S. is a market we are approaching differently. That's why 
you see a lot of visibility around U.S. But yes, our focus will be the SAARC, the AMESA and 
the developed nations. Maybe the opportunity is there in both U.S., Australia, and Europe. 
Europe at times have not been that open as the U.S. has been. So that is the only difference, but 
we are not sort of priding one over the other. It's just the sheer size and the openness of the 
market. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Right, sir. And secondly, I noticed inventory at 63 days of sales. If I look at last five years, I 
think there is significant and meaningful improvement in the cycle. Could you comment a bit on 
this, that is it sustainable here? There are meaningful steps being taken consciously reducing this 
inventory, or is this like very ideal right now? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Everybody wants to improve on that, but you have to balance the growth and the inventory. 
Also, a lot of this has been increased over a period of time because of addition of Lloyd as a 
business which has a lot of seasonality. Seasonality always demands you to be prepared. For 
instance, this time, there was stock-out situation in the AC industry. Nobody could have prepared 
for this kind of a scenario, but it does bring the importance of having some inventory. You can't 
really get too efficient in these things as well. Particularly in markets like India which can be 
pretty unpredictable in terms of the demand planning. But is having our own manufacturing 
facilities and all sort of make us believe that there is something which can still be improved 
upon. So, I would say yes there is scope for improvement in the same. And I think we should 
see some better sort of ratios in that going forward. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. Rajivji, lastly on capex, if you could clarify fiscal '25, what is the budget and where are 
you going to spend the number? 
Rajiv Goel: 
I think we have already announced it last time. It's around INR800-odd crores. So I think we 
continue to maintain that. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
But wouldn't that change because you announced the Cable capex after that, right? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Yes, there is always this, what is announced and then how much it will be spent because there 
is spillover in that. Further, there is a spillover from what we announced last year as well, 
basically. So I would say on a cash basis, it could be INR800 crores, or it could be INR900 
crores, depends upon how we ultimately end up sort of spending on the same. 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Gupta from SBI Pension Funds. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Gupta: 
My first question is on the switchgear segment. We've seen a sharp decline in the contribution 
margin for the Switchgear segment post-COVID, and it's consistently been declining. Just 
wanted to thoughts around it? And do you think at what levels could these contribution margins 
stabilize? 
Rajiv Goel: 
So Deepak, on the contribution margin for switchgear, I think post-COVID may not be the right 
way if you see in long-term, the switches and switchgear together. We have been in the range of 
between 40%-41% to around 37%-38%. So I think sometime in the quarter, this thing will 
happen. And look, we have investing in the business, there will always be some dilution in that, 
which is possible. We believe that the long-term range, which one should assume for this 
business is between 38% to sort of 41%. And I think that's something we believe is something 
we'll continue to maintain. 
Deepak Gupta: 
So right now, just want to understand the right now, the margins are 24.6% contribution margin 
for the quarter. You think that can potentially go back to... 
Rajiv Goel: 
That is not contribution margin, Deepak. That is segment result. That is more close to an EBIT 
basically. 
Deepak Gupta: 
Okay. So what kind of EBIT margins can one look for in switchgear segment then? 
Rajiv Goel: 
I would say these are decent margins. And just looking at the nature of the industry investments, 
we made like somebody said, Havells Crabtree as a brand. I think we also need to invest behind 
the brand. So overall, I think, again, this has been between 24% to 28% - 30%. So I think that’s 
the band we expect to maintain. 
Deepak Gupta: 
Understand. And my second question is on the advertisement expenses. How should we look at 
it? Like I understand the quarters where Lloyd contributes meaningfully, the A&P expenses 
move up. But on an overall company perspective and from Lloyd's perspective, if you could give 
us an outlook, what should be the A&P expenses typically should be for the company? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Overall, I think generally, Lloyd is between 4% and 4.5% and Havells is about 2.5%. So overall, 
it's about 3% to 3.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
My question was again on exports. So while you did share some details, could you share some 
more in terms of approval timelines? Particularly looking at it from Lloyd's perspective, what 
can help us improve capacity utilization from where they are currently? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Lloyd, we have already started some degree of supplies. But the real, I think, traction will take 
around in 12 months. So I think, as you rightly asked, we are in the different phases of the 
approval and particularly the UL approval. Typically for the entire range, like we have already 
got one of the range approved, but I think the full range, which is required to tap the opportunity, 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
I think we should set our target around 12 months from now. So that's what we are looking at. 
So that's where we're in the journey for the HVAC.  
Also for Cable, because there's another large opportunity. I think now we are getting more and 
more approvals there. And I would say another sort of 9 to 12 months, we should have a full 
bouquet of approval for Cables in place. These are two critical categories you see in terms of the 
growth, particularly in the U.S. 
Umang Mehta: 
Understood. This is helpful. And just on cable front. So given that we've seen a very large capex 
announcements by almost all players, particularly on cable side. Do you see demand keep pace 
with that? Or do you expect any volatility from supply coming up, maybe not immediately this 
year but next year? 
Rajiv Goel: 
No. I think nobody can talk long term with a lot of certainty. I think medium term, we believe 
that not only India but globally, there is a requirement for these. And I think the way the power 
consumptions are going up, again, not in India but globally. We need to invest in the 
infrastructure, which has been neglected for years. We believe this is actually a three to five-
year opportunity and not just one-year opportunity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Girish from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Girish: 
Just had a question on your capex for FY'26 and '27. Should one assume that number of INR800 
crores to INR900 crores continue? And if you could say, probably 35% to 40% could be Cable 
& Wires? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Yes, and if we include about INR300 crores what we announced, INR1,000 crores to INR1,100 
crores will be the overall capex if you include that. And yes, 30%-35% of that will be cable, 
maybe almost 40%. 
Girish: 
Okay. So that would continue into next couple of years also. Okay. 
Rajiv Goel: 
Yes. 
Girish: 
And just, sir, on the quarter, if you can just quantify the volume growth for AC segment? And 
any comment on channel inventory for the industry? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Channel inventory is not there. Actually, you are aware there are a lot of manufacturers and the 
channels that were running out of the inventory. So there's not much inventory at the channel. 
And you are aware that we do not share volume growth. So I think let's look at the value growth. 
Girish: 
Would it be fair to say that 90% contribution would be AC roughly like because it's a seasonal 
quarter and the growth has been very strong? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Yes. Around 85% growth is AC. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Latika Chopra: 
It appears that contribution margins across all your divisions seem to be in a healthy zone. I was 
just wondering, beyond contribution margins, is it right to assume that level of brand 
investments, staff investments, capability enhancements will remain firm? So incremental 
opportunity to expand operating margins will be modest, or do you see scope for improvement 
in operating margin at an aggregate basis for the company, while the product mix will change 
across divisions at a broad base? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Yes. Latika, I think you were breaking, but we just got the gist of what you are asking. So look, 
investments will continue. Maybe I think right now, the base is already set. But I think we expect 
that these will moderate over a period of time. So we are not suggesting that it will change next 
quarter or in two quarters. But gradually, there will be a moderation. And to some extent, I think 
these investments are being made because we expect better growth trajectory as well. So I think 
as the growth picks up, I think you will see a better flow through to the EBIT. 
Both ways, the growth will also be moderating costs, whether it's staff or, let's say, A&P. And 
also, I think we expected better growth you see in the core categories as well. And like somebody 
has a lot of the consumer sentiments. We continue to believe that the consumer turnaround is 
hopefully near. And in a few quarters, we should see that, which should help the core also to 
grow much better, which ultimately will transmit to the EBIT margins. 
Latika Chopra: 
Now this is very clear. The second bit is just a follow-through of what you just said. So I 
understand this was a seasonal quarter, and I completely appreciate the fact that there is still 
some scepticism on the firmness of consumer revival on demand side. But I was just wondering 
from the data that you get from your dealers, from a month-on-month consumer purchase 
behaviour, is there something to suggest that you are seeing a more positive behaviour in smaller 
cities and rural? And is there any cause of concern in some of the bigger cities? Just trying to 
sense what are you picking up from the ground? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Nothing substantive which we could extrapolate. I know it may not answer your question, but 
the fact is there's no real sort of clear answer to this. So let's wait for some more time. We really 
don't want to jump on to something which is very sketchy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Congratulations to the team for good results. Just first question, probably partially you answered, 
I mean, the question was on overall consumer category growth. You talked about some 
destocking in house wires, but that is about primary sales. So overall, are you seeing any either 
pickup in demand or any signs of pickup in demand on say non-summer or non-seasonal kind 
of product or products which are linked to real estate?. So that is my first question. 
Rajiv Goel: 
So, some pickup is definitely there. And that's why this growth. For example, fans, yes summers 
was high, but fans is also a penetrated category. So, we believe something was there. We have 
saying this that the construction which has happened around, let's say, 24 to 30 months before 
normally they start kicking in. But it has also happened that this has been such a serious summer 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
that the construction activity actually has been impacted because there is a lack of construction 
labor and also because of election.  
So if you mix all of that, that's what I said, there is a pickup. But what we are really afraid of 
commenting right now, saying this pickup is something which is not sustainable, the things are 
back, and everything is hunky-dory. So I think we want to avoid that kind of impression. That's 
why we are hesitant to put these things out. But clearly, there is a sentiment improvement. The 
demand pickup is definitely better if you look at for a preceding quarter than this quarter. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Okay. And sir, second question is on the Lloyd. Probably I would say that we have used AC as 
an instrument to build brand Lloyd over years. Now should we assume that, that journey would 
be relatively easier for the non-AC categories? Or to put it in different way, whatever the unit 
economics are there for the AC, are they better for, say, ref and washing machine right now? Or 
we should assume that we'll have to see a similar journey in those as well? So that is like lower 
or negative margins and then it takes some more time to be profitable, or they are better margin 
right from the beginning. 
Rajiv Goel: 
Brand investment definitely will be lower because you're creating the brand for the full category. 
And there's a whole idea of creating a brand and then expanding into categories. So that, I think, 
the heavy lifting has been done by the air conditioner. And the margins are sort of better, but 
let's agree that this is fiercely competitive categories as well. So I think those investments, 
whether in people, in the manufacturing will have to be done. So what may something being 
done before which is the way you have built up the brand. And also the channel affiliation, I 
believe is far more sort of favourable than maybe what AC has gone through. So yes, some part 
of the journey has been covered, but some part of the journey will have to be covered by the 
individual categories as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirransh Jain from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Nirransh Jain: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on the Cables & Wires, I mean, we have been looking at a very 
strong demand, you announced another 25% capacity increase right after commissioning the 
new facility. So do we also expect any impact on the margins considering that we have a higher 
mix moving towards Cables in our portfolio? That's my first question. 
And secondly, I just wanted to check on the overall inventory levels across channels, especially 
for the summer-related products after a strong demand because we saw a very strong primary 
growth for Lloyd this quarter. But how is the inventory channel after the summer? And any price 
action taken by Lloyd, particularly in the last quarter? So if you can quantify the price hike that 
was taken? That's all from my side. 
Rajiv Goel: 
Whatever price hikes were required, not just Lloyd but all the product categories because of the 
commodity have been taken. So we won't go into individual sort of categories on the same.  
 
I think the cable opportunity is there, which we are sort of investing behind. But we are expecting 
other categories also to grow. 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
We already have built capacity. So it's not that the other businesses will not grow at the same 
course. Cables, we had underinvested over the last few years. So right now, we are catching up 
with the investment. 
Rajiv Goel: 
With the growth, we do not expect any significant margin dilution because of increase in the 
cable sales. I think we are expecting all other categories to be aligned. And I think that's 
something we are not expecting. I think your question is whether margins will be diluted because 
of the product mix. And that's something we do not foresee. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yagnam from AMSEC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yagnam: 
So out of the INR800-odd-so crores capex we are talking, so would you be able to give some 
color towards Lloyd, how much will it be spending? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
As Mr. Rajiv mentioned, the INR800 plus the announcements that we have done, so around 
INR1,100 crores. Out of which, Lloyd is lower because most of the capacity is there and only 
about INR100 crores are for Lloyd. 
Yagnam: 
All right, sir. And just any update you would like to share on the raw material pricing currently 
and its impact on, say, gross margins up to three to six months. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
We've already said that there have been some increases in raw material prices over the last few 
months and corrective pricing actions have already been taken. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions on Lloyd business. Sir, in 
Lloyd business, we have seen about 70 basis points of sequential improvement in contribution 
margin. And that looks smaller given that sequentially, our revenue growth is about 40%. Just 
wondering, in that basis, is the operating leverage benefit, to an extent, offset by lower gross 
margin sequentially? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Look, normally Q4 also has a lot of annual impact. So Q4, I don't think you should really 
compare on that basis. I think these Q1 results have an amalgamation of cost benefits which 
have accrued over the period, also the operating leverage. Operating leverage has really played 
out. And I think nobody can discount the power of this high growth. I think that helps the 
business overall. So we are very satisfied with how the margins have panned out, and yes, there  
is always scope for doing better, which is something we are striving for as well. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
In terms of related question, would you say your gross margin in Lloyd business is already 
getting 20% plus levels? 
Rajiv Goel: 
That we can't comment. I think we have already shared metrics we have to share. So I think 
that's something we will refrain from commenting. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. Please go ahead. 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
First of all, congratulations for a great show in Lloyd. My first question is on Lloyd. We are 
broadly at the highest scale in terms of what capacity we have with the second plant coming. 
And barring compressors and maybe motors, everything else is internalized in Lloyd. So how 
has your experience been on the manufacturing ramp up? And do you think in maybe FY'25, 
'26, we will reach the profitability that the top 2, 3 incumbents have? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
So manufacturing definitely has helped us, not only in terms of improved margins, but also in 
the fact that we are able to start giving differentiated products in the market based on our own 
R&D. I mean as we have always said, Lloyd is a journey towards not only gaining market share 
but also to improve profit. How much, whether it is in the top 2-3 or not, we don't want to 
comment right now because we do believe that we are in this for the long term, and we will 
continue to make investments higher than the competition. Our growth aspirations are higher. 
And so we will continue to make investments. 
Somebody asked this question about brand building for the rest of the non-AC products. That 
will also require some amount of investments, may not be at the same levels of what we were 
required to build for air conditioners, but it will be there. So it's a long-term journey. But there 
will be a continued improvement in both volumes as well as profitability. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Fair, sir. And second and last question is on ECD. Of course, we've actually had a very strong 
growth in the last 10-15 years, but the last one, two to three years, the industry itself is going 
through doldrums and nothing particularly negative about Havells here. We are broadly around 
industry. Do you think FY'25 is a year where, based on today, how we see the market maybe 
second half we will start seeing this industry triggering 20% kind of growth for Havells? Or do 
you think it's still early and maybe FY'26 and '27? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Well, I mean, I can't give a number like 20% growth. But you see, ECD comprises many product 
categories - fans, a bit more penetrated category. Then we have domestic appliances where our 
market shares still have room to grow. Then we have air coolers, we have products like water 
heaters. So I think there are various components, and we do believe as the consumer sentiment 
as well as the housing and everything improves in India, definitely, ECD will be a beneficiary 
and we will continue to strive for increased market shares in these categories also. So I think we 
are definitely hoping for a better year this year, but also next year. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Sure. Can I squeeze third, a very small question, a the third question? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Yes, please. Go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Yes. I think is this the best time for Havells to leverage on the balance sheet and pan-India brand 
image to add a few categories like say kitchen portfolio inorganically because some categories 
doesn't make too much sense going organic? And we've been doing that, but we have to gain 
regional presence and product presence. So do you think this is the best time for Havells to look 
at one or two categories where we can look at regional players to consolidate? That's it. 
Rajiv Goel: 
I think, look, there is no best or worst time for these kind of opportunities. We will have to 
evaluate them as they come. And it's not that we have not evaluated in the past. But frankly, they 
.. 
HAVELLS 

 
 
Havells India Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
have to make sense on the pricing, on the capital deployment and that returns thereon. So we'll 
always be open to this. This is something has been our stance in the past as well. So just because 
a few things are happening, I think we will not rush into anything. So that's the way we'll 
maintain now as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, this will be the last question for today's 
conference call. It is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, my first question is the price hikes you spoke about in 1Q. Is it safe to assume that all of it 
will reflect in the second quarter or it's already there in 1Q? 
Rajiv Goel: 
I think partially, it has been captured and partially, it will follow through. But you have to also 
understand that the cost will also follow through the similar way. 
Ashish Jain: 
Right, right. Sir, secondly, I just want to understand like where we were, let's say, 12 months 
back in terms of our recovery expectations, especially for the broader ECD portfolio. When you 
reflect that, what has really disappointed? If you can give some color. Is it like one particular 
region? Is it replacement demand? Or is it new homebuyer because this has been really 
prolonged now for the last 3 - 3.5 years? We haven't really seen a recovery. So any color you 
can give on that, like where you really think the disappointment has come on the ECD side? 
Rajiv Goel: 
As you say, ECD is a portfolio. So there are multiple levers. Fan has gone through its own 
journey of transition to BEE rating and things like that. The underlying trend also has been the 
weak consumer demand. And I think this is not just playing out in ECD. It's also playing out if 
you look at related categories across industries as well. So we will believe that the consumer 
sentiment and the spending power has to improve. Hopefully, that's something which will bring 
the much-needed tailwinds to this sector. 
Ashish Jain: 
Can you give any sense like what part of our ECD would be replacement-led demand? Is it 
possible to have a sense of that? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Most largely it is new. There is not much replacement. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajiv Goel: 
Thank you everybody for joining the call and look forward. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
.. 
HAVELLS 
