mahindra FINANCE 
Regd. office: Gateway Building Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India I Tel: +91 22 68975500 I Fax: +91 22 22875485 
Website: www.mahindrafinance.com I Email: investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.com I CIN:L65921MH1991PLC059642 
 
 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra 
Financial Services Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 3rd Floor, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,  
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
 
Tel:     +91 22 66526000 
 
29th July 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, (Scrip Code: 532720) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., (Symbol: M&MFIN) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, “G” Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended 30th June 2024, held on                          
23rd July 2024  
 
Further to our letter dated 16th July 2024, 23rd July 2024 and 24th July 2024, and in compliance with 
Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A (15)(b) and other applicable provisions 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended 30th 
June 2024 held on Tuesday, 23rd July 2024 , which concluded at 6:54 p.m. (IST). 
 
This intimation along with the transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company’s website 
at: https://www.mahindrafinance.com/investor-relations/regulatory-filings  
   
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Brijbala Batwal 
Company Secretary  
FCS: 5220 
Enclosure: As above 
Brijbala 
Mohanla
l Batwal
Digitally signed 
by Brijbala 
Mohanlal Batwal 
Date: 2024.07.29 
15:26:20 +05'30'

mahinc.lm FINANCE 
ma I-1 Ind ra FINANCE 
MOTILAL 0 SWAL 
Investment Services 
4, 
mahindra FINANCE 
mahindra FINANCE 
MOTILAL OSWAL 
Investment S 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Raul Rebello:   
 
 
Managing Director & CEO  
Mr. Vivek Karve:   
 
 
Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sandeep Mandrekar:  
 
Chief Business Officer 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Abhijit Tibrewal  
 
 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mahindra & Mahindra Financial 
Services Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please note, this call is not for media representatives, investment 
bankers or commercial bankers, including corporate and commercial effects. All such 
individuals are instructed to disconnect now. A replay will be available for Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services Limited and commercial bankers, including corporate and 
commercial FX. The replay is not available to the media. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Tibrewal. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you, Siddhant. Good evening, everyone. I'm Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal 
Oswal. Thank you very much for joining us for the Mahindra Finance Earnings Call to 
discuss Q1 FY '25 results. To discuss the earnings, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Raul 
Rebello, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Vivek Karve, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. 
Sandeep Mandrekar, Chief Business Officer. 
Raul Rebello: 
Thank you, Abhijit, and Motilal Oswal team. Hello, everyone, and I know many of you 
are joining from different parts of the globe in whichever time zone. Thank you for 
taking time on this Q1 FY '25 Results Call. I will be making commentary on the 
circulated document, and I request you to keep the investor document handy as I may 
read commentary for the same. 
 
So, I'm going to page number four, which is titled as highlights. What you would see 
for the Q1 specifically, the very strong PAT growth of 45% year-on-year at INR513 
crores, this was on the back of our continued AUM growth of 23% Y-o-Y, which 
continues to be at strong levels, which results, of course, from an income also growth 
to be at a very steady and strong level of 20% at a Y-o-Y level. The PAT growth was 
further enhanced because of lower credit cost, which came in at 1.5% versus 2.1% for 
the same quarter last fiscal. 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
And now coming to disbursements. You would observe that we have seen growth 
relatively moderate at 5% Y-o-Y to INR12,741 crores. Prior to this quarter, we have 
witnessed many, many quarters of very encouraging and strong vehicle growth. But 
Q1 had its unique challenges. We did mention in our monthly updates about some of 
the disruptions, which were specific in April and May, considering election 
disruptions, heat waves in the north belt of the country. And in June, we did witness 
some flooding in Northeast. All of these geographies are significant to us. And all this 
would kind of contribute towards more moderate growth that was witnessed in Q1. 
 
Also with the commentary you would have heard from OEMs in the vehicle side about 
growth moderating to  an extent in Q1. However, we do believe this is very early parts 
of the fiscal, and there could be -- and the overall structure we do, we still have a very 
bullish outlook, and we will watch for the rest of the year to see how we can amplify 
our growth. 
 
On asset quality, our GS3 numbers have remained range bound. We have been 
focused on reducing inter-quarter volatility. So our GS3 numbers from closing of Q4 
last year at 3.4% has climbed up to 3.56%. Historically, we've always seen Q1 
significantly go up versus Q4. That number has been moderate in specifics of Q1. 
 
When we look at GS2 numbers, yes, this GS2 numbers are much lower than last year 
same time. And there has been a bump up from Q4 from 5 to 6.1. We do see some 
specific bumps with certain customer segments and product segments like tractor in 
certain geographies. We look at this as temporary delays not default, and we are 
confident of ensuring that both GS2 and GS3 are range bound in the year going 
forward. 
 
Other updates for the quarter include our -- we're very pleased to have seen the 
corporate agency license come through. We have commented in the previous 
quarters about augmenting our fee-based income and the corporate agency license 
would be a big enabler in that cause. We have received the approval from IRDAI. And 
we are pleased to announce that six tie-ups have already gone live in the last month 
active tie-ups, two in life, two in general and two in health. 
 
Please move to page number five. This is a page where we try to give you an 
appreciation of the P&L waterfall. What you would see here on the income side is 
that, yes, we have made conscious efforts to improve on pricing, as we also go ahead 
and increase the prime book contribution, on a sequential basis, there will be a slight 
fall. But overall, there are efforts, and we do see also, as I mentioned, with some of 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
the fee-based efforts that we will make. And this number will only strengthen from 
here going forward. 
 
On the cost of fund side, the cost remains elevated for now as per macros, I'm sure 
you would see there's not much relief happening. However, all the levers which we 
have at our end, we've, in fact, even in Q1, most of the incremental COF come in  in 
our internal budgets. And we are looking at all levers to make sure that cost 
moderation happens in the year going forward, which has also resulted in NIMs being 
slightly lower than last quarter and lower than last year's same time. 
 
On the opex side, this is a number that we think we are moving in the right direction. 
We have seen steady improvement; this is a lever which is completely within our 
hands. We have reduced opex on a Y-o-Y as well as Q-o-Q basis, frugality on various 
projects has been exercised and going forward to -- with some of the benefits we're 
seeing in the efficiency levels of the investments made in tech, etcetera. Some of 
these benefits are going to accrue in the rest of the quarters going forward. 
 
Coming to credit cost, this has been a major benefit for the quarter. And you know 
that credit cost is a summation of provisions, write-offs, and settlement losses. On all 
3 fronts, we are seeing ourselves moving in positive territory. With the various levers 
and the various P&L influencing items moving directionally well, our PAT for the 
quarter, as I mentioned, was pretty strong at 45% growth. 
 
Request you to move to page seven, which is titled disbursements and the 
distribution of disbursements. In this page, we would like you to appreciate how each 
different asset segment has been growing on a Y-o-Y basis. We have a very significant 
share in passenger vehicles, which comprises 41% of our overall mix. I did mention 
that the macros in PV, and you would hear commentary from different OEMs, 
etcetera, and see retail numbers. This number is reflective of what's happening on 
the industry at large, as well as we've seen that growth taper down and moderate at 
3%, this has been at much higher levels in the past quarters. 
 
When you look at CV business and construction equipment, we are not a very, very 
large player in  huge CV, but in especially LCV, SCV where we have a good share as 
well as some of the bus segment that we've been participating on late, we have seen 
incremental growth, and that's grown we're at 11% Y-o-Y. Our pre-owned vehicle 
growth could have been better for the quarter. We are looking at getting back on a 
high-growth level, which we've seen in the past. 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
Tractor, the industry has seen actually some amount of cooling off last 2 years, but 
Q1 has seen -- what numbers you see are a mix of wholesale and retail numbers. 
These are, of course, retail numbers. Our growth has -- we've had a degrowth in 
practice. As I mentioned, for us, tractor is a fine balance between growth margins and 
profitability. 
 
Coming to 3-wheelers. It's a business that we are number two in the market, and our 
business also has had very moderate growth in quarter 1. The SME business has 
progressed well, we have been sharing with you our investments made in this 
business, and we do see the relatively new business, not on a Y-o-Y, but more on a 
1x, 2x kind of growth going forward. So overall, highlight from this slide is growth has 
been moderate 5%, but we do not believe this is reflective of the rest of the year. We 
are looking at what all are other green shoots as well as areas in which we can 
participate better to amplify growth in the rest of the fiscal. 
 
Request you to move to page number nine. A very brief slide basically to mention that 
more on a disbursement and collection efficiency, we are steadily progressing. I did 
comment on disbursement growth on collection, the headline commentary would be 
that we are not seeing any deviation from the Q1 that we have seen in the past two 
fiscals. 
 
Quickly moving to page number 11, which is the spread analysis. This slide is basically 
giving an appreciation of how our individual line items have been moving from last 
quarter as well as same quarter last year. Again, looking at income to average assets, 
yes, there's been kind of a fall from Q4, but growth from last year same time. Q4, let 
me just mention Q4 see some great interest write-back because our GS3 numbers 
significantly come down between Q3 and Q4, which gives us a lift in the income 
numbers in Q4. 
 
We are looking at augmenting the income. We are not happy at a 12.9% level; we are 
looking at going up. And I did mention the levers that we're working on including fee-
based income to augment this line item. Interest cost has been marginally higher as 
we also consume, our leverage ratio is also kind of go up, we will see an increased 
amount of interest costs, but we are looking at incremental cost of funds being 
moderate. 
 
Overheads, I did mention earlier, this is one line item that we are extremely, 
extremely having a very, very tight handle on and you would appreciate from last 
quarter as well as same time last year, this number has slipped down. Credit cost, I 
did mention you would appreciate the specific line items in credit cost, which is the 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
write-offs have come down. This has been a structural change from the past as write-
off is now just 1.1%, and we will look at even moderating this number of being range-
bound going forward. 
 
Provisions to assets have also fallen. I mentioned that provisions is a function. We 
have seen benefit from the overall collections that we have demonstrated over the 
last 2 years, which does have an impact on LGDs, and that does flow into the coverage 
ratios, which gives us a benefit in the overall credit cost, which is 1.5% versus 2.1% in 
the last year same time. 
 
Moving quickly to the last slide, which is on the balance sheet, please refer to Page 
#12. Three important parts here on the balance sheet, capital adequacy, GS3 and 
coverage ratio. I did -- we've always said that being -- a CAR being reasonable is a key 
priority for us. We've always been well capitalized above the regulatory thresholds 
Our Tier 1 is still very strong at 16.4%, overall, at 18.5%. 
 
With our current growth trajectory for the rest of the fiscal, we don't see a need to 
raise capital maybe sometime next year, Q1, Q2 when our Tier 1 levels are lower, we 
will look at augmenting our overall cost. GS2 plus GS3 numbers and GS3, of course, I 
mentioned has gone up to 3.56% from 3.4% last quarter. Q1 historically, goes up 
much higher. We've been able to contain this movement. I did mention for very 
specific geographies and segments, which we are confident of getting back very soon. 
 
Coverage ratio has come down to 59%, close to 60%. As I mentioned, this was bound 
to happen as the LGDs are improving with last 7, 8 quarters, collections overall 
throughput improving, which reflects directly in the LGD and then as per model based 
improves our coverage ratios. 
 
With that, I wind up my commentary on the overall financials and Abhijit, back to you 
for Q&A. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
So just in terms of your ECL coverage now, what would be a fair estimate of coverage 
on a steady-state basis for the next 4 to 5 quarters. So it's dropped 3%, you had also 
guided to it that the cover would fall. But is there a target ECL you have in mind, like 
some companies have a target that they will not go below 50. There are some NBFCs. 
So is there any such range that we need to be aware of? 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Vivek Karve: 
Vivek here. So as you know, Mahrukh, we get guided by a model, and whatever model 
tells us, which is a reflection of the behaviour of the NPA assets in the past is what we 
typically provide. So if you ask me whether there is a target in mind? There is no target 
in mind, but we will get guided by the model. But what we will definitely ensure that 
we will have prudent provisions on the book which more than adequately covers the 
probable losses that we will incur in the GS3 portfolio. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. But Mahrukh, having said that, I just want to mention that the model reflects the 
actions that we take. So, the model doesn't only drive it. We are -- by the collections 
that we have been doing over the last 2 years will naturally, as Vivek said, the model 
basically has an LGD and PD, but the LGD and PD is, of course, influenced by the 
collection throughput that the team exercises. 
 
The fact that we've been able to -- have demonstrated over the last 8 quarters, very 
strong collections and the loss given defaults have been coming down because we've 
been able to -- whether the settlement losses have been coming down, et cetera. At 
the business team, we are conscious of the fact that this is only going to go down 
thereafter. Again, with the kind of sourcing that we are doing, the sourcing, quality, 
and the early buckets that we are seeing, the early bucket movements, et cetera, 
being contained, we are confident that the loss given defaults are only going to go 
down hereafter. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay. But could you share the LGDs... 
Raul Rebello: 
It will be to kind of too cute to  give such fine estimates and predictions. As I said, we 
are in a secured businesses with the handle we have on LTVs, et cetera, and collecting 
earlier on and repossessing and selling earlier on, we do believe we'll be able to 
contain end losses and that should flow through the LGDs, and the model will then 
definitely be in our favour. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Got it. And just a follow-up on this that, I guess, last year, sometimes you had 
indicated that you will have a positive rollover following COVID by the second quarter 
of this year as far as I remember, that is possibly what you've said. So, does that still 
hold good? 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes. So, you're right. I think your memory is correct. We have said that. However, we 
would believe that some of it has got in a way advanced to the first quarter. And Raul 
also alluded to the fact that the sourcing calls that we have taken in the collection 
intensity that the collection teams have shown are reflecting in a better collection 
efficiency and lower credit losses, which would indicate that over a period, the LGD 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
ratios would further moderate. However, we would not like to hazard a guess as we 
stand today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
A couple of questions. First one, again, more from the medium terms or that this 1.8% 
ROE that now comes of so many moving parts. Now you also have a stated strategy 
to sort of move up in the sort of a customer profile that will, of course, put some pace 
around your asset yield. Of course, I mean, over the coming quarters and years, you 
will benefit from the cost of funding side. 
 
But then I mean, opex is kind of a very sticky at around 40% cost-to-income ratio of 
course, even there is some improvement. But if one were to look at some 70 basis 
point improvement that is needed for ROA level, how are you sort of seeing -- I mean, 
given your kind of the product offering in mind, the customer profile that you are 
seeing, which are they, because I mean cost side also it does not seen that, okay, 
given the kind of your model, the product mix and customer that's going to come up 
dramatically. And credit cost is already now irrespective, particularly if I've got a 
quarter number, 1.5%. So that is question one. 
 
Second, I mean, again, related to the ECL, if I go through the presentation disclosure, 
there's sort of a negative movement for Stage 1. So basically, now Stage 1, your 
comments are almost like coming to 60 basis points from 80 basis points a year ago. 
Now lastly, the product segment has not changed that dramatically. I understand that 
what you are saying on the LGD side. But for Stage 1, has your PD estimates also 
changed, I mean, dramatically, that's sort of a leading from 0.8% coverage, invested 
1 year back to now 0.6% and almost like a Stage 1 provision in fact, reduced slightly 
even though, okay, there is AUM growth, 25%? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. Thanks, Avinash. So, I'll take the first question on medium-term aspirations on 
ROA. I would just like to get back everyone's memory to the call we had in Q4, wherein 
we did mention that the aspirational ROA that we are chasing for the year is not 2.5%, 
but more like a 2.2% number. So, the 70-bps improvement, I would look at -- please 
read it in that frame that we're looking at 1.8% more to move to 2.2%. And there the 
levers, as we've cited, Avinash, today, clearly, the NIM side is not exactly panning out 
as per plan. We do recognize for the rest of the 3 quarters, we have legroom to 
influence that number. 
 
But you would appreciate from the last quarter as well as Q1, we have moved 
directionally well on opex and credit costs. Both these numbers have been 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
directionally moving down which augurs well for our overall aspiration to get to 2.2%. 
And I just want to make that -- set the record straight that 2.5% was something we 
set out in FY '22, and we did recalibrate that to an aspiration level of 2.2% for FY '25. 
Regarding your comments on the Stage 1 PD, I'd invite Vivek to comment. 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes. So, the prognosis is right. As you rightly pointed out, Stage 1 coverage is a 
function of PD as well as LGD. So, the LGD benefit, which you see in Stage 3 also 
reflects in a lower coverage in stage, and on top of that, the PDs in Stage 1 also have 
witnessed improvement over the last 1, 1.5 years, as our focus is largely on early 
bucket collections. That is really helping us to bring down the delinquency in Stage 1. 
And therefore, you will see this improvement sustain over a period. 
Avinash Singh: 
Very clear. The 2.2%, again, you are saying is the quarter exit for Q4 or for the full 
year? Because I mean, if it's a full year, then again for the 9 months, your ask rate will 
be 2.3% plus. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, right. See, as I said, we are not casting it. These are -- this is most what the 
operating teams are chasing. We are chasing a goal of 2.2%, right, which means, yes, 
it's deeper going ahead. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Singla from Bank of America. 
Anuj Singla: 
So sorry to belabor on the ECL model again. So, we are just looking for some 
handholding in terms of how we should be looking at forecasting on the credit cost 
side. So, if I were to use the framework, you talked about some amount of benefit 
coming with rollover post COVID. So, if I were to look at the numbers, pre COVID there 
in the total ECL this is ECL 1 plus 2 plus 3 was around 3% of the total asset base. Is 
that a benchmark, which we should hold on that the company will not go down below 
that level on a total provisioning basis or even that number might not hold given that 
the change in customer profile is -- we have better customer mix and product mix. 
 
And secondly, in the same thing, GS3 at that point of time, I think it was around 40% 
odd, now, we still are way above that level. So, should we see that normalizing to -- 
on the provisioning -- the Stage 3 PCR going to that level towards the end of this year? 
Vivek Karve: 
 So, the first question, Anuj, that you asked is there will be a 3% on overall. See, end 
of the day, 3% is a derived number. So that cannot be taken as a target, or we can't 
guide on that basis. But what we can guide on, which is something that we said at the 
end of last year that as we progress during the year, we expect there is an -- expect 
an improvement in the LGD ratio, because some of the portfolio, which was a 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
troubled portfolio during COVID period will get out of the 42-month calculation that 
we do. 
 
So at least we believe that from the level of 60% that you see today, there would be 
a slight downward revision that will happen in the overall coverage ratio at Stage 3. 
And if that were to happen, it will reflect on Stage 1 and Stage 2 also. But very difficult 
to say the exact numbers, will be hazarding the guess, which we don't want to do. 
Raul Rebello: 
I'll just add to that, Anuj, see this 3% number is basically derived from composition of 
Stage 1, 2, 3 and coverage ratio, right? I think we've been voicing over our aspiration 
to keep Stage 2, Stage 3 levels as you'd see that we came to a record low level at the 
end of FY '24. And it is our aspiration to keep the Stage 2, Stage 3 levels in that range. 
In fact, slightly lower. 
 
Now if the composition of Stage 1, 2, 3 remain at those levels. That's one part of the 
equation. The second part is, of course, the coverage ratio, which is a function of what 
is the LGDs going forward. And we have mentioned that the LGDs in our mind because 
of the period moving forward should ideally be beneficial. So in a way, we have given 
you an answer without being very specific on what that number should be. We've 
given you what goes into that number being in the 3% range. 
Anuj Singla: 
Sure, sure. Got it. And the second question is with regards to the opex. Obviously, it's 
a big focus area for us, and it's been trending down. So, the 2.5% aspiration on opex 
side, can we see that number towards the end of this year? Or is that a number which 
we should see in FY '26? 
Raul Rebello: 
So, I'll again go back to the end of Q4 call, wherein we mentioned that we're looking 
at a pretax save of about 15 bps on our exit number of our consol overall number of 
FY '24. So that number is closer to 2.65% types of aspiration for a full year basis. We 
have had some benefit as of now, but we must always balance growth with 
investments. And so, I would look at really moving levers on the revenue side as well 
as on the asset quality side without being to penny wise pound foolish on opex. Of 
course, being frugal, being efficient is all part of the game, and we are completely 
seized of all the initiatives that need to be done on that direction. 
Anuj Singla: 
Got it. And lastly if I may. On the growth side, the volume growth is negative for this 
quarter in terms of number of contracts or 1.5% negative Y-o-Y. So, I think it's only 
driven a value in this quarter. And you did talk about some of the constraints on the 
OEM side as well as the volumes have been weaker there. So, can you talk about your 
strategy on delivering the growth aspiration which you have set for this year? 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. But I'd request you to read that number with some amount of nuances. See, last 
year, we were doing CD loans, NPL and those numbers also, which we sunset, right? 
So, you might sometimes this is not just vehicle loans, this is also part of the other 
digital businesses that we were doing last year same time. So that is one. 
 
So maybe when we can give a final detail on vehicle versus non-vehicle growth, you 
might be able to appreciate that number better. But having said that, yes, we are also 
moving up to high-value vehicle loans, et cetera, which is going to hold us in good 
state. But specifically, when you look at the overall number, looking at the number of 
contracts for the entire business it's not just vehicle loan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just two questions from my side. One was the -- you revisit the ECL and LGD model 
typically once a year or twice a year, I mean how often do we kind of see these ratios 
changing? That is one. The second is on the PPOP growth this quarter, which was 
closer to around 14-odd percent. Given the clear lag between disbursements and loan 
growth, I think -- and I think based on your guidance of around INR1.2 lakh -- sorry, 
you have INR120,000 crores kind of loan growth by the end of the day. But it is fair to 
assume that loan growth comes down. So, what kind of PPOP growth are we really 
looking at for the year? 
 
And second point also, I think a related point over here is that if I look at the margin, 
your margin actually -- or your yield on loans have declined on a year-on-year basis. 
I'm looking at total loan income on average business assets. So, I was just curious as 
to why we -- I think in our ROE walk, we are looking at around 25 basis points sort of 
an expansion in yields at least in the first quarter, we seem to have almost like a 20-
basis points kind of a decline. So how do we really expect to catch up over year? And 
considering a, weakness in margins and b, sort of growth coming down, how do we 
really look at PPOP growth for the year? 
Raul Rebello: 
Nischint, I'll take the -- or maybe I'll invite Vivek for the first question on ECL and take 
the remaining questions. 
Vivek Karve: 
So, Nischint, you would recollect in Q3 last year, we did a complete revamp of our 
ECL methodology, wherein we move from one vehicle cohort to multiple segments of 
the vehicles. And we also assign multiple macroeconomic factors to each of these 
segments. At that point in time, we said that this refresh, we will do once in a year 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
typically in the third quarter. However, the PD and the LGD will get refreshed every 
quarter. And that is something that we will consistently do. Over to you, Raul. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, Nischint, you're right, when we talked about the NIM expansion in ultimate 
PPOP, I did comment that in the walk for getting from our 1.7% to 2.2%, we would 
aspire for a 25-bps expansion in NIMs and largely going to be driven from the income 
line, which last year was 12.8%. Q1 is, of course, 12.9%. We are looking at sweating 
out fee-based income, which nothing has happened in Q1 because, as I said, the 
corporate agency license came in Q1, which we will see some delta starting from Q2 
onwards. 
 
Besides that, we have transmitted rates in the last 2 quarters now, which will start 
showing some delta in the going forward income to average assets, as well as our 
focus on what we call as penal interest charges and other charges. There are certain 
avenues in which we can augment overall yield by income. In our mind that this 
expansion from 12.8% to closer to 13% is something which will be gradual, but there 
are enough of levers in our hands today to start seeing that number move up. It takes 
time on a large book, I acknowledge. But we have started the process of unlocking 
these new revenue line items which will start contributing thereafter. 
 
On the question of PPOP, yes, our PPOP numbers are subdued, but we are looking at 
taking PPOP levels closer to the high teens to 20% type of levels for the year. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Because your growth itself could be somewhere closer to 20s or thereabouts, given 
the lead lag in disbursement growth... 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, the disbursement growth, of course, is right now low, but book growth -- just 
considering the last 2 years of good disbursements, we don't see too much of a 
challenge on book growth being in high teens to maybe 20%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from InCred Capital. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Yes. I was also going to the same line. So basically, assuming that cost of funds is going 
to remain relatively elevated, how are we going to see the yields moving up? Are we 
going to see the similar kind of disbursement and asset composition or asset mix 
composition or are we seeing that there will be some changes happening out here? 
And, once -- since we are moving more towards high ticket vehicle and all, does that 
also indicate that, that could be a little lower yield and better on opex side? Or that 
assuming incorrect? 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Raul Rebello: 
So, the product mix, we have a decent spread across vehicle asset categories. For 
specific NIM attractiveness, we have cited that the used vehicle segment, which is 
anywhere between 17% to 18% of our incremental sourcing needs to go up to 20%. 
That number for Q1 has not gone up to that territory, but there are enough of kind 
of investments we are making in terms of teams, partnerships, et cetera, to see that 
number move up. 
 
On the prime vehicle side and on the more affluent customer segment side, we've 
already hit our threshold. So, our incremental growth is not going to come in from 
swapping out higher NIM products and swapping in lower NIM kind of capable 
products. We've already hit our upper thresholds on the PV segment as well as the 
affluent customer segment in our own internal budgeted guardrails. So that negative 
drag on NIMs is not going to be seeing going forward. 
 
However, we are living in a scenario, as you mentioned, where interest costs have not 
moved down, and we cannot be delineated from that vulnerability. We can move 
levers of PSL, et cetera, which is within our frame. But otherwise, we will hope to see 
if there is some softening on rates and get benefit from that. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Understood. And just one more, whatever -- the last quarter, the Northeast issue has 
happened. Whatever was the losses we already booked it, right? Nothing else been 
left out to be recognized now? 
Raul Rebello: 
Nothing, nothing. We have fully provided for that, and there would be no more 
provisions required. 
Jignesh Shial: 
On the Slide 15 that you had given geographical distribution that sounds really good. 
If you can give such more color on the book and all, that would be really helpful? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Congrats on the quarter. Raul, just getting back on this, if you can just comment a bit 
on price competition in the market in cars and CVs. You mentioned that you've taken 
disbursement yield hikes. 
Raul Rebello: 
Piran, we lost you. Can you just repeat that, please? 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes. I just wanted to understand how pricing competition is in the market in cars and 
CVs, you mentioned that you've taken disbursement yield hikes in the last 2 quarters, 
and we've heard this before also. But somehow in the numbers, it does not really 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
show up when we just calculate interest income divided by average loans. So just 
curious to understand what's going on there? And secondly... 
Vivek Karve: 
Piran, can you repeat your question? I couldn't understand. 
Raul Rebello: 
Talking about NIMs not going up. 
Piran Engineer: 
No, not NIM, yields. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yields, okay. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes. So just pricing competition. The second part was on the liability side where we've 
been trimming commercial paper. And just wanted to understand the logic of doing 
that when rates are elevated and it's better to lock in lower cost of funds. So those 
were my 2 questions. 
Raul Rebello: 
I'll answer the first one and then hand it over to Vivek. So, on competition intensity, 
Piran, passenger vehicles, we are still #3 in the rank order. If you ask -- if we see where 
the competition intensity is, it is PSU banks who we see basically with the rate 
beneficial, we see a lot of aggression from the PSU banks. 
 
On the CV side, yes, the CV fleet operators, again, are moving towards banks and we 
see NBFC's overall share in CV come down a little bit. Used CV is still a reasonable 
fortress for NBFCs, and we continue to play a significant part over there. 
 
See, transmission on rates where you say income to average assets, I'm sure when 
you look at the whole book, it takes time for whatever rate transmission to show up 
materially on the overall number. But when it comes to incremental pricing, we are 
posting the festive season of last fiscal, we have taken a transmission of rates calls 
more sharply than the first 3 quarters of last fiscal whatever is done in Q4 of last year 
as well as Q1 in this year will start showing up in the future. Of course, it will not be a 
significant delta right away in Q2 or Q3. We believe the larger lever for that would be 
also some of the fee income that we've been talking about, which can come in at a 
decent clip. 
Vivek Karve: 
And Piran on your -- Piran, on your question of the choice of borrowing instrument. 
So, one must appreciate the fact that we are now close to a INR1 lakh crore borrowing 
book as well. And therefore, we need to take a balanced view on the instruments that 
we use. So, the offshore borrowings will bring in quantum, they come in at a slightly 
higher cost, but they bring in quantum and they come in at a 3-year door-to-door 
maturity. 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
 
So that provides the much-required stability to the overall ALM mix. That is not to say 
that we are not going to focus on the short-term instruments like CP, we continue to 
do that. And if you were to look at our ALM chart, which you'll find on Slide #26, up 
to -- almost up to 6 months, there is an opportunity for us to do that. And going -- we 
have already started doing that since Q4, and we will aggressively do that in the next 
couple of quarters. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
So firstly, with respect to yields again, so you highlighted in terms of at least on the 
product side, we are largely done and there shouldn't be too much of drag. But when 
we look at it in terms of the regions, okay, wherein we were more focusing on, say, 
affluent and maybe outside of the rural, could that continue as a drag? Or maybe -- 
and there also we have achieved the levels which we were looking forward to, and 
there should not be any further pressure on yields, yes? 
Raul Rebello: 
You have any other questions; we'll take them all together. Is that it? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. And second is the last time you indicated that maybe opex, it's not very easy to 
climb down because you will continue to invest. And this time, you are highlighting 
that maybe levers are completely in your control, and the benefits are accruing from 
it. So not getting the contradictory statements over maybe a quarter. So, no doubt 
you are highlighting in terms of 15 bps getting shaved off. But is it like on the 
investments we have cut down a bit and that's giving the added benefit on the opex 
to assets? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, thanks. See, on the yield side, the comment I made earlier on hitting the 
thresholds of low-yielding products was a combination of the affluent and nonrural 
customer segments that we've swapped in over the last 2 years as well as the more 
rural customer segments, which we have historically been our stronghold. 
 
So, we have hit the ceiling on the low NIM kind of product threshold, as I mentioned, 
the affluent and low NIM historic products. So, we don't see us increasing our share 
there, which will cause a negative drag. So, the negative -- while there is -- one can 
call it a negative drag on yields, but you know that we have a very positive story there 
on opex as well as credit cost. So, we have hit our thresholds on those products. 
 
On the opex side, I did mention that -- I think take the narrative as we are not 
compromising investments for growth with reducing opex. And my commentary was 
that we will make the requisite investments in distribution, tech digital, continue to 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
do that to make sure that our growth is at a robust level. Having said that, there are 
benefits in the last couple of years, investments that we've made in tech digital, et 
cetera, as well as efficiency levels. And that's the lever we have in our hands. And 
that's the lever which is moving well in the commentary that I made, which is coming 
down. Even for example, the 2 biggest costs are branch cost and employee costs, 
right? And those are within our -- largely within our control, and we have been 
extremely on exercising those controls that we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. 
Viral Shah: 
So, Raul, I have few questions. So one is on your yields, right? So, as you mentioned 
that it takes time to reflect on a book basis, the kind of hikes that you have taken. So, 
what explains the quarter-on-quarter 40 basis points decline in your yields? Because 
I'm sure the book mixes on a sequential basis wouldn't have made that kind of a 
difference? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So Viral, I did open by mentioning that Q4, if you look at Q4 usually is much 
stronger. One of the biggest line items that improves yield in Q4 is the interest write-
back we get because GS3 falls very significantly from Q3 to Q4. Now when the GS3 
number falls, the interest, which was earlier reversed gets written back. And that's a 
big component of what kind of helps the Q4 numbers go up. And that's also sharp 
from a decline in, let's say, between Q4 and Q1 because we don't have the same delta 
of GS3, in fact, GS3 is marginally gone up by about 15 bps between Q4 and Q1.  
 
So that's -- and this is on an annualized basis would be less. So probably, that's one 
big variable. Of course, there are some other variables in terms of penal charges, et 
cetera, which come in at a higher clip in Q4. But are we happy with 12.9%? Clearly 
not, right? I mean that's what I've been saying this is not a number that we are looking 
to live with. We are looking at in the medium to long term influence that number to 
go up. That the number is under challenge now is a fair challenge that we are 
experiencing, and we are cognizant that we must move this number up. 
Viral Shah: 
So, Raul, if you can quantify like what was the interest write-back in 4Q and what was 
the kind of interest reversals that you had to do with this quarter? 
Raul Rebello: 
I'm sorry, but we will not be able to share with that granularity. 
Viral Shah: 
No problem. The next is on growth, Raul, if you -- I look at the preowned vehicle, 
again, last -- until last quarter, you have been mentioning that this is a segment which 
is going to be a growth driver. And then when I also look at it in terms of your tractor 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
segment, where we saw kind of a degrowth, we saw another NBFC player reporting 
very strong growth in that segment. So, is there anything to do with either in terms 
of the segmental growth coming down or in case of tractors we losing market share? 
Any of those things? 
Raul Rebello: 
So, in tractor, we are -- it's a business which has always been a focus for us. But as we 
look at the tractor and CVs are cyclical businesses, and we are looking at businesses 
which across cycles can give us our ROA aspirations. We always will have to balance 
going forward between growth, margins, and overall risk. 
 
We are right now still -- I wouldn't say we're losing our bullishness on this segment, 
but we are making interim correction in specific locations where we do see that there 
would be stress on a cross-cycle basis and whatever corrections we are making here 
is going to hold us in a good state going forward more in the medium to long run. I 
don't want to make any kind of impression that this is a deprioritized business for us. 
We are still a leader. We are amongst the -- this is a business where today we largely 
only finance Swaraj and M&M. But because we're doing this in a captive mode, we 
are sure -- we've always had the highest amount of credit appraisals, et cetera, but 
we are still fortifying our ability to be more medium to long term across cycles 
profitable in this segment. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And lastly, in terms of your asset quality and the credit cost piece. So, as you 
and Vivek have been highlighting, that in the second half of this year is when you saw 
some scope for coverage reduction, we have kind of preponed that, but what could 
be your sustainable credit cost when we go into FY '26, that is one. 
 
And second, related to that, is that when I see the delta in your Stage 2 and Stage 3 
relative to 4Q in this quarter and versus last year, while the delta is high, how come 
the collection efficiency number remains the same at 94% Y-o-Y? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. Vivek, you want to comment for the coverage first. 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes, yes. So, you're right. We have indicated that as we progress into the year, we 
expect some further moderation in the LGD and therefore, coverage ratios. And we 
believe that's more likely to happen. But your question was more on what we should 
take as the credit cost in the coming year, that is FY '26. So last year, our credit cost 
was 1.7%. Of course, 10 bases of that were due to Aizawl, but let's say, 1.6% was the 
real credit cost. And when Raul speaks about our aspiration to at least deliver a 2.2% 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
post-tax ROA in the current year, we are talking about shaving off about 20 basis 
points from last year's credit cost of 1.5%, 1.6%. So, 1.4%. 
 
So -- and over a longer period, our aspiration is also to reach 2.5% post-tax ROA, which 
would then mean that we will need to operate in the corridor of 1.2% to 1.3% of credit 
cost. And there is no change in this thought process as we stand today. 
Viral Shah: 
So basically, we see further scope of PCR reduction even in '26 or even without the… 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes, not necessarily only PCR reduction. But as the asset quality improves, there is a 
further scope in terms of lower credit losses coming in from lower bad debts or lower 
termination losses because these two are also focus areas for us going forward. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. And if you can also explain the collection efficiency, please? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, collection efficiency, Viral is a function of due collections as well as overdue 
collections, right? And hence, that number will not be exactly mathematically equal 
to the due collections only because there are different buckets of overdue collection. 
And if we collect more from overdue buckets, the overall CE ratio can be maintained. 
So, you'll not be able to draw an equal parallel towards the GS3 number of last 
quarters, this quarter and the same collection efficiency. 
Viral Shah: 
No. But Raul, if I look at Stage 2 as well as Stage 3, which are the overdue buckets, 
the delta between 1Q over 4Q in this quarter has increased versus last quarter -- 
sorry, last -- 1Q of the last year. So, despite the delta as an overdue is increasing, I 
think the collection efficiency should have been different versus what it was last year? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, I'll just invite Sandeep to come in who also oversees the collections to give 
you fairer. 
Sandeep Mandrekar: 
Numerator, denominators. So, collection is also a factor that you collect from the 
overdue the way Raul said. It is also -- it also happens that you collect in the same 
bucket, that is Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3. You collect more from the one aging. So, 
you have efficiency, but it doesn't change your movement from Stage 1 to Stage 2. 
And that's how the efficiency could be there, but still you have the delta that you had 
between the Q4 and Q1. 
Vivek Karve: 
Because there are age too includes 30 to 60 and 60 and 90 correct. So, there are 2 
ages within 1 stage. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it. That's it from my end. 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shweta from Elara. 
Shweta: 
So, while you highlighted the fact that prime and affluent segment threshold has been 
split, wherein there will be now no further drag on NIM. But in the first place this 
strategized -- we had strategized this primarily to fix our sourcing business guardrail, 
so that's the business cyclicality stands corrected. And just related to that, we are also 
targeting -- the last quarter you mentioned, we are also targeting GS3 of 2.4% by the 
end of '25. 
 
So, against this backdrop, then where are we positioned to achieve this? And how are 
we ensuring reducing business cyclicality. So, on one side, you have taken care of 
NIM, but again, like you also mentioned it also helps in credit cost and asset quality. 
So how do you balance that? 
Raul Rebello: 
So, Shweta, we have always said that for us, it's going to be a balance between growth 
margins and risk. And from a growth standpoint, while we have delivered a decent 
amount of growth, we do need to be cognizant to the overall growth that's happening 
in the underlying vehicle segment, and that will also dictate part of our appetite for 
growth. 
 
In terms of margins, we've selected certain customer segments as well as the 
segments which will influence -- have an influence on the overall risk quotient, and 
that's been the choice framework we have been operating in. 
 
Coming to your question on GS3 number, I don't know whether you said 2.4%, but I 
don't recollect ever saying that our GS3 aspiration is 2.4%. I said we want to be in the 
corridor of 3.4%, not 2.4%. The number that we exited last fiscal, we will aspire to be 
below that number, but 2.4% is not a number that I recollect giving any guidance for. 
Shweta: 
Sure. Noted, sir. And secondly, we are around 5% in terms of new businesses. Again, 
we have been targeting around 15%, but we've been recalibrating in the term 
because of the obvious reasons with headwinds that we are seeing. So, any 
commentaries around that? 
Raul Rebello: 
 Yes. See, the diversification plan included the SME business growth as well as the 
growth for -- some of the leasing businesses and the other businesses which are non-
vehicle in nature. I'm sure you'll have seen the Q1 update where in our SME business 
grew at a very high clip. We had a 60% plus growth -- 68% growth to be specific on 
the SME side. So, any new asset businesses, while, yes, the aspiration is to diversify 
as quickly as possible. But it must be on the backdrop of very sound risk practices, 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
very sound -- and these are all retail businesses which will take time to shore up in 
terms of book size. Incremental disbursements are moving in the right direction. 
 
If you look at last year's same quarter, incremental disbursements from SME were 
only 3%. That number has already gone up by 200 bps to 5%. So, these diversification 
plans in the 2, 3 non-vehicle category segments are moving up. They are moving up 
directionally in a manner which we think is good, and we will continue to invest on 
the diversification plan. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Gao Zhixuan Analyst Schonfeld. Please go ahead. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Congratulations on good set of results. Just wanted to understand on the margin side. 
So, what's our guidance or outlook for margin this year? 
Vivek Karve: 
Okay. So, I'm just repeating your question because while we could hear you, we could 
not hear you clearly. So, are you asking what is the guidance on margin for the current 
year F '25? 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Yes, sir. 
Vivek Karve: 
Okay. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, see, we did mention that we would like to in the medium term be in the 
corridor of 7%. This has been an aspiration for us to get back to that -- to the 7% 
margin level, we are below that now. And the levers for us is to augment the income 
line item more than the cost of fund. We know the cost of fund line item is going to 
be much more challenging given the macros and I'm sure you would have heard 
during the call. 
There have been a lot of questions on what we are doing to protect the income to 
average assets and further influence it going higher for us to get back. The aspiration 
level is to get back to 7%. It is tough. I'm acknowledging that it's a stiff ask, but our 
business models should basically predicate on getting to that 7% territory in the near 
to medium term. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
That's very clear. And sorry to go back to the ECL model and the coverage, just want 
to understand a bit more because I think on previous calls, we talked about our LGD 
and PD assumptions being decided by the mathematical kind of look back, moving 
average peer. 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
And so that moving average will slowly come down. Just looking at the coverage ratio, 
which is sharp move from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, unlike the past 3, 4 
quarters. So, it's a bit hard to imagine that the moving average will change so much, 
just with the 1 quarter forward roll. Or do I understand it wrongly as every quarter, 
we refresh discretionary, how do we -- what kind of LGD PD... 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, I'll just overall just make some clarification because there have been quite a 
few questions on the ECL model and the model just driving the coverage. I just want 
to set the record straight that -- see the -- it's not that this is some black box model, 
which is defining our coverage ratios, right? As -- it is -- the LGDs reflect collection 
intensity that has basically translated over the period of the last 7 to 8 quarters that 
loss given default, which arises out of the collection intensity gets ploughed into the 
LGD assumptions, which influences the coverage. 
 
So basically, to make a comment that the model is improving the coverage is -- there's 
no invisible model, which is helping us do this. This is purely a reflection of the 
collection intensity and PD and LGD for as -- in December, we refreshed the models. 
We went with -- the objective was to get more granular from having one model for 
all vehicle asset categories and only one factor -- macro factor was not prudent. And 
hence, we refreshed the model in December with the new variables. 
 
And of course, every quarter, the refresh happens on those assumptions. So, I would 
just kind of leave the overall narration that the benefit that we are seeing on LGD 
reflects the LGDs, which reflects the collection intensity that has translated over the 
period of the last few quarters. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Got it. And if you talk about -- we don't disclose the absolute LGD level. But do you 
mind give us some color on, let's say, year-on-year this quarter versus the past couple 
of quarters, how much improvement in LGD have we seen and how does that 
compare? 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes. So, my recommendation would we look at the coverage ratio because the 
coverage ratio would reflect. Yes, the Stage 3 coverage ratio would reflect the 
underlying improvement in the LGD. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Got it. So basically, Q-on-Q, our LGD improved 4 percentage points, it's going by that 
roughly there -- is that the right way to look at? Because on Q-on-Q LGD dropped by 
3, 4 percentage points. So, you do have a good way to say that our LGD Q-on-Q is... 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Vivek Karve: 
You're right in your assessment. The coverage ratio would give you an indication of 
the improvement in the LGD. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from B&K Securities. 
Jigar Jani: 
Two questions from my side. One is on the disbursement growth. So last quarter, we 
have guided for about 14% to 15% growth for the full year of FY '25. If you just back 
calculate the numbers and the run rate comes to almost 17000 crores run rate. I 
understand second half is a little bit heavy for us as compared to first half, but do you 
still stand by that guidance, or you think that there will be a slight moderation still? 
 
And my second question is on write-off, so we had also guided that write-off would 
see a continuous decline going ahead. But if you compare the write-off on a year-on-
year basis, it's marginally higher. So, any guidance on what kind of write-off we could 
see for FY '25 that would be better. 
Raul Rebello: 
Jigar, on the 2 questions, disbursement, you're right. We were targeting close to a 
low teen growth. The first quarter at 5% is very, very moderate, and quite bleak 
compared to our overall expectations. But as you would appreciate, 90% more is in 
the vehicle business. And we cannot plug in higher growth than what's the underlying 
vehicle asset sales and retails, which are happening. 
 
We do, in a sense, or influenced a lot about the buoyancy in the vehicle lending 
business, and we will find as we -- as the year progresses, what could be those 
additional levers for us to move as the rest of the three quarters pan out. But quarter 
1 has been moderate to slightly bleak in our assessment, and we are not going to 
chase growth where there is no growth. And if the underlying asset growth is going 
to be moderate, probably that will reflect in our overall growth for the year. And 
that's why the company sees of the fact of the diversification plan, which helps us not 
being so much tied to the hip with only one asset category. 
 
Coming to your second question on write-offs. I think while you can look at it on 
absolute terms, you should also look at it as a percentage of the average assets, 
because it's -- our balance sheet size is increasing. Just to look at it from when we 
were INR60,000 to INR80,000 now to INR1.05 lakh crore loan book. Our overall write-
off numbers -- because write-offs are a big part of credit cost. Our write-off numbers 
have in percentage terms, shaved off by 10 bps from last year same quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Just one quick question. What is the incremental cost of borrowing for this quarter? 

171
1--iiirisAlr — 
FINANCE 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Vivek Karve: 
We don't want to be so specific, but it has remained in the same corridor of 7.8% to 
8%. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Okay. And you expect similar corridor to be maintained. Is that a fair assessment? 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes, because at least today, we do not see any let-up. So yes, that would be my 
guidance, yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, thank you, everybody, for patiently and of course, I know there's been a busy 
day, many results on, and thank you for joining us for this Q1 call. It's been a quarter 
of, as I mentioned, moderate growth. But for us, we have taken positives out of this 
quarter and the big positives for us are around the way in which we are navigating on 
the whole asset quality aspect. We have seen challenges in Q1 in specific geographies, 
certain challenges in terms of macros, which in reflection have been navigated 
decently well. 
 
The second, third quarter of the year are extremely important in terms of both growth 
as well as the Q3 is overlap with a lot of seasonal -- festive seasons, etcetera, and we 
are equipping ourselves to make sure that the next 3 quarters of this fiscal are 
covered well in terms of growth, in terms of asset quality, in terms of margins. Thank 
you, everyone, and again, I appreciate you joining us on this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
