 
 
  SMIL: BSE/NSE: 24-25/1208/01  
 
 
 
 
                        August 12, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
(SCRIP CODE - 535602) 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Mumbai - 400 051  
(Symbol - SHARDAMOTR) (Series - EQ) 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Earning call held on Monday, August 05, 2024 at 05.00 P.M. 
(IST) onwards      
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Part A to Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement), Regulations, 2015 
 
 
    Dear Sir / Madam, 
In pursuant to the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 and in furtherance to our letter no. SMIL: BSE/NSE: 24-25/3107 dated July 31, 2024 
with respect to the convening of Investors / Analyst conference call “Earning Call” on Monday, August 
05, 2024 at 05.00 P.M. (IST) onwards, for discussing the financial performance of the Company for the 
first quarter ended June 30, 2024 for the financial year 2024-25, in this regard please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the earning call.  
Further the same is also being available on the website of the Company at www.shardamotor.com.   
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Your’s Faithfully 
 
     Iti Goyal 
Asst. Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
Iti Goyal
Digitally signed 
by Iti Goyal 
Date: 2024.08.12 
10:46:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 05th August 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PURU AGGARWAL – PRESIDENT AND GROUP 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SHARDA MOTOR 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. AASHIM RELAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SHARDA MOTOR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – SHARDA 
MOTOR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHUTOSH TIWARI – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sharda Motor Industries Limited Q1FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participants line will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Thank you. Hello, everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all on this 
conference call. From the management side, we have CEO, Mr. Aashim Relan and President 
and Group CFO, Mr. Puru Aggarwal. 
 
Without further ado, I hand over the call to Mr. Aggarwal. Over to you. 
Puru Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Ashutosh. Good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to all the participants on this 
call. I'm here with Mr. Aashim Relan, our CEO; and our Investor Relations Advisors from SGA. 
I hope you have had a chance to go through our results and the investors presentation. You can 
find the presentation on the Stock Exchange and on the company's website. 
 
I would like to start by giving a brief on the corporate action. The company has bought back 
10,27,777 equity shares at Rs.1,800 per share, totalling to Rs.185 crores. Following the 
completion of this buyback, the company's remaining cash reserve stands at Rs.778 crores as of 
June 30, 2024. This strategic move aimed to enhance shareholder value. It also reflects the 
company's strong financial health, enabling it to return a significant amount of capital to its 
shareholders while maintaining a healthy cash reserve for future growth. 
 
Coming to brief overview on industry. For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the auto industry 
reported decent growth, largely driven by a revival in demand for 2-wheelers in rural areas, the 
marriage season and the launch of new models across various segments, reflecting a positive 
trend for the industry. 
 
In the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, the passenger vehicle segment saw a growth of 5% in 
sales volume compared to the same period last year, reaching to a total of 12 lakh units. This 
growth was primarily driven by new model launches and positive market sentiments. Utility 
Vehicle experienced a significant 20.10% rise, while vans segment grew by 8.6%. Despite a 
decline of 13% in passenger car sales, the overall performance of this segment remained strong. 
 
Notably, domestic sales of passenger vehicles crossed the 1-million-unit mark for the first time 
in the first quarter. In the Commercial Vehicle segment, sales grew modestly at 3.8%, reaching 
to a total of 2.4 lakh units. This growth was impacted by high temperatures affecting the 
agricultural sector and a slowdown in both public and private capital expenditure due to the 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
elections. However, we expect that the upcoming infrastructure projects will have a positive 
impact on this sector in the near future. 
 
The 2-wheeler segment saw significant growth with sales increasing by 19.8%, reaching to a 
total of 60 lakhs units. This boost was driven by favorable market conditions, including stable 
fuel prices and the introduction of new models. 
 
In Q1FY '25, the tractor segment saw an increase in domestic sales, fueled by supportive 
government initiatives and favorable agricultural conditions. The rise in the minimum spot price 
for major Kharif crops, coupled with the timely arrival of Southwest monsoon has enhanced 
farmer sentiment. With retail momentum picking up due to land preparation and Kharif crop 
sowing, there is positiveness for continued demand for tractors in the coming months. 
 
I will now shift the focus through the operational and financial performance of the company. 
Consolidated revenues for Q1FY '25 grew by 5% compared to Q1FY '24 and amounted to 
Rs.685 crores. Our gross profit margin for Q1FY '25 expanded to 26.3% from 20.90% in Q1 FY 
'24. Our EBITDA expanded to Rs.96 crores in Q1FY '25 from Rs.68 crores in Q1FY '24, and 
registered a growth of 40% Y-o-Y. 
 
The EBITDA margin for the quarter also experienced a robust expansion from 10.4% in Q1FY 
'24 to 14% in Q1FY '25. For the quarter ended report, our profit before tax amounted to Rs.102 
crores, our JV registered a profit of Rs.0.5 crores in Q1FY '25. Our profit before tax witnessed 
a robust growth of 38% compared to Q1FY '24. In Q1FY '25, the profit after tax amounted to 
Rs.77 crores, marking a notable growth of 39% compared to Q1FY '24. 
 
With this, now we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Dinesh Kulkarni from Finsight. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
Yes. First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers, especially on the profitability front. 
My question is, we've been seeing the revenue growth has been very sequentially in the range 
of 4% to 5% over the last few quarters. Is this trend we expect to see going forward to remain in 
this range? Or can we see a boost -- on the revenue front? That's my first question. 
Aashim Relan: 
This is Aashim this side. So yes, so regarding revenues, we always guide that in our company to 
be looking at absolute gross profit growth as an indicator of value-added sales because our 
products have a nuance of catalysts, which, in some cases, is free of cost and in some cases, we 
buy. Hence, the gross profit growth has been good even this quarter and in the last few quarters 
and there was a good amount of outperformance that we had last year in gross profit growth, 
which is an indicator of our value-added sales, and that was due to RDE norms. So in the long 
term, we will continue to outperform the industry. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
Yes. Awesome. One more question. Like we have seen the cash balance, it's still quite on the 
very high end compared to our fixed and variable expenses, what we expect and we keep on 
increasing the cash balance even after the buyback. What's the further capital allocation strategy 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
we have apart from cash buyback, which we have seen in the recent past? Do we see any M&A 
or onetime dividend kind of thing? Are we expecting that? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So our first preference to utilize, let's say, the cash reserve that we have right now is, of 
course, for M&A, which is centered on powertrain agnostic products. However, for that, there 
is no fixed time line as we are conservative and want to be very careful of the deal plus valuation. 
We just don't want to do M&A for the heck of doing M&A. 
 
And so we will wait and look for the correct deal and correct valuation, and that's something 
that's always ongoing, many talks and interactions are always happening. We initiated, of course, 
the buyback as phase 1 of returning back to shareholders. And I think that trend would continue 
in terms of returning back to shareholders, intention is not to keep cash reserve much beyond 
what we have already. So all the incremental cash reserve that keeps coming in would be 
returned back, and that can be in the form of dividends, buybacks or anything else, that comes 
about as we go forward. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
Yes. Awesome. Just one more thing. So if you are expecting any M&A to occur in the next few 
quarters or whenever that happens, I'm not sure if we have any company in India or even in 
abroad, which can fall in this range of, say, INR1,000 crores or something. So are we looking to 
add any more debt on that? Like -- or do we have additionally, the resources like any land 
balance, which we can think of potentially monetizing those land balance and then raising further 
capital for that? Like what's the capital strategy if at all, there is any M&A which we can foresee 
in the future? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So at any given point, there are multiple discussions. However, we are not planning to do 
something that will be significantly large, at least unless it fits right into our strategy. So most 
likely, we would not require any debt at this juncture and funding any kind of for M&A. And 
we do have additional land parcels available, which we are looking to monetize and that, of 
course, is in addition to the cash reserves. So does not look like we would need to have debt at 
this juncture. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
Okay. Maybe probably last question from my end. What is the growth strategy going forward, 
like here on? Because we know that new models are coming up from across automobile 
companies. But how are we planning to increase our market share because -- which has been 
very constant for the last few years. So which are the new models or what is the new strategy 
where we could see our market share would increase that would lead to a higher revenue base 
as well. And that's what I want to know. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So for the next 5 years, our focus on growth is first onto the TREM V market or the tractor 
market currently, tractors, off-highway exports, all put together contributes under 5% of our 
sales. With TREM V coming in, we are expecting a very good market share there and would 
become a very significant part of our sales. In addition to that, in commercial vehicles, ICE 3 to 
4-liter segment on the stand-alone basis. Currently, we have no market share. So now we have 
the technology and product ready. So we will be looking to increase market share substantially 
in that segment. 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
After that exports is a huge opportunity that has opened up for us, maybe it is, by far, the biggest 
growth opportunity. And that is for multiple reasons, that exports has become interesting. In 
export segment, we are focusing on 4 subsegments, which is one is commercial vehicle emission 
components, second is the emission adjacencies of the off-highway market. Third is genset 
emission systems for the smaller gensets and then under 100-horsepower tractor. 
 
So this is something that we expect to grow and grow quite substantially over the next 5 years. 
Currently, it's a very small percentage of our sales, but would definitely increase. In addition to 
that, we have been focused mainly on our emissions vertical. However, we have also started 
deploying effort, time as well as capital into the lightweighting vertical. Our first plant is coming 
up right now in Pune, which will be for additional capacity on lightweighting and suspension 
systems and that will also grow substantially as a percentage of sales. Currently, it's about 8%. 
And in addition to all that, we spoke, of course, on the M&A potential in powertrain agnostic 
segments. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
Okay. If you could just quantify what's our export as a percentage of total sales? And where do 
you see, as you mentioned, or with current scenario, which we have seen where it could be 3 
years from now in terms of sales? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So we don't give like the stand-alone, it's a very small part, right, exports off-highway 
tractors, everything that I said put together also contributes less than 5% of our sales. And we 
expect that to substantially increase, no number as a guidance 3 years, 5 years from now. 
However, the traction on these areas is very strong, and we hope to multiply the business in these 
areas. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kokane from PGIM India AMC. 
Karan Kokane: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just had a few questions. So I was just looking at 
your numbers. So you have delivered almost 32% kind of Y-o-Y growth in gross profits. And 
I'm looking at gross profits, not at revenue from operations. So this seems like a very healthy 
number. I just wanted to understand what is the breakup of volumes and price within this 32% 
number? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. Thanks for the question. So we don't give a breakup of volume and price per se. However, 
the outperformance is, of course, one due to incremental business additions that we have, plus 
we've also had a favorable product mix and there has been maturity in our RD products, which 
was not the case in Q1 of last year. Q1 of last year was the SOP of all RDE. So if you look back 
1st April 2023 is when RDE products started. So of course, the first 3 months is not optimum 
and it requires time to gain maturity. So from that perspective, even the base has helped a lot. 
So these are the reasons for this strong outperformance. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. And sir, second question is that -- so I'm looking at your EBITDA numbers now. For the 
last 4 quarters now, the EBITDA has been range bound between INR95 crores to INR100 crores. 
So do you think from next quarter onwards, we can see some uptick in this number because from 
next quarter onwards, the base quarter itself will have INR100 crores kind of EBITDA. So you 
spoke about the TREM norms and then exports and M&HCVs and all of that. I just want to 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
understand when do you expect all of this to start kicking in? And for FY'25, can we see a healthy 
EBITDA growth Y-o-Y? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So giving guidance on one particular year or one particular quarter, I think that's something 
which is difficult and now as you are seeing that geopolitical tensions, etc, are heightened and 
there is a lot of volatility in the market, and we refrain from giving any quarter or even annual 
guidance per se. However, we would, in the long term, be outperforming overall industry growth 
like we have. And on a long-term basis, we can expect a very good outperformance. Difficult to 
quantify from a quarter perspective or an annual perspective. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. And sir, this TREM V norms, when do you exactly expect this to start kicking in because 
there were news flows, which spoke about these norms getting delayed. So any sense on the time 
lines? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So the time lines have been modified for 1 April 2026. And so far, all the OEMs have 
nominated in developing the products on track for 1 April 2026. 
Karan Kokane: 
Okay. Sir, and just a last question. So you said that you would continue to outperform the 
industry. So typically, some of the auto ancillary players, they give a multiplier to the underlying 
industry growth rate. So any similar number from your end, 1.5x, 2x of the industry growth? 
Aashim Relan: 
As of now we are not giving any particular number. However, in the longer term, we would be 
outperforming and would be similar to how we've outperformed the last couple of years as well. 
However, no specific number or guidance that we're giving in that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine Investment Management 
Private Limited. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, I have 3, 4 questions. Sir, question number 1 is just a clarification on the TREM V, if you 
can help us understand it. So when it gets implemented, what will be the increase in the vehicle 
cost, not just your part of product, but in general aggregate increase in vehicle cost because there 
are a few more things in TREM V, right, or and if you could just help us understand that first. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, sure. Yes. So there are many more things that would be there in TREM V, which is beyond 
our scope and it would depend on engine strategy, OEM strategy and other things at the OEM 
level. So I would not be the right person to give a guidance on the overall cost increase, that's 
something where the customers would know much better. But yes, definitely, there are other 
things apart from us also that are required on TREM V. 
Chirag Shah: 
The broader range, is it like very high like 10%, 15% increase happened or it is more like 4%, 
5% kind of -- 5% to 10% kind of range or it is double-digit increase is possible? 
Aashim Relan: 
I would not be the right person to answer that given it's much beyond our scope, right? It's 
something which requires probably the OEMs would have a better answer for that. 
Chirag Shah: 
The second is on the domestic business, any new customer entry or additions given that you 
have a very high market share, but any new customer addition in the existing customers where 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
you are, any new customer addition entry because the reason I'm asking is some of our existing 
customers are indicating a very weak market. So their volume growth is going to be a bit weaker. 
It will have an impact on your side -- on your revenue/gross profit number. So any addition to 
your customer pool or product pool, new product pool that would help you to ward off this 
industry slowdown? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So I think when you're seeing very high market share, we refer to the PV and LCV segment 
only, right because that's the segments that we play in. However, now completely new segments 
have opened up for us, right? One of the segments is, of course, tractor, which we've spoken 
about TREM V. In addition to that, there is the off-highway segment. And in addition to that, 
there is the export segment, which are totally different and customers are also different. 
 
And apart from that, when we discuss right now, we mainly when you're referring to high market 
share, we are mainly talking about the mission vertical, right? So costs, in addition to that now, 
our lightweighting vertical will also start taking in more than it has before. And that would, of 
course, all be additional, right? 
 
And as the M&A becomes interesting that, of course, would be on top of that. In terms of specific 
customer additions, that's something that we may have, especially in these new segments. 
However, at this point, we don't guide on customer additions. But yes, definitely, as the segments 
are coming, there would be a lot of customers that would have been added. 
Chirag Shah: 
But sir, my question was more with respect to the off-highway would take time, right? Are you 
saying that off-highway revenues will start within the next 12 months itself for you, tractor 
TREM V whenever it happens, you will see the benefits probably Q1 of next year? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So as and when the norms kick in, that's when we would also see the revenues and maybe 
in the case of the off-highway segment, it depends on which component and which business 
because some very small norms are coming in between as well. 
Chirag Shah: 
The TREM V is 1st April, 2026, right? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. Yes, sir. On the lightweighting vertical side, you were highlighting something, sorry. 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. A new plant could be coming towards Q3. So that's something also in addition 
Chirag Shah: 
And is it possible to indicate what kind of investments you have made? Or what kind of revenue 
potential utilization at peak utilization that plant has? Whenever you achieve the peak 
utilization? 
Aashim Relan: 
The investments or the investments that we will be making, I think that's already we had 
announced last quarter only approximately Rs.50 crores. Right now in terms of peak revenue or 
peak guidance, that's something we're not giving as we're new to this, right, as and when it 
matures, then we'll start providing more inputs on that. 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. And sir, one last question on the export side. So generally, if you are a new entrant in the 
export market or even in domestic market for that matter, there's a 2- to 4-year time lag from 
RFQs to conversion or start of SOP. So where are we in this process? Apart from RFQs, where 
are we and -- how should one look at the export revenue flow-through to happen? If you can just 
help us understand, from when it will start because we have been putting efforts since more than 
a year now on the export side. That's why I'm asking. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, sure. So yes, so whether 2, 3, whatever years, I think that's something there can't be 
translated into exports. However, in the case of exports, we have been putting it through 1, 1.5 
years, 2 years also, maybe and hence, it's on the mature front, right? And we have a very good 
RFQ pipeline, we've added and built a very good team, which is focused on exports. We do 
expect good customer additions. But of course, exports is also about building trust. So initial 
orders will be pilots and will grow over time. 
 
And as and when there is something that is substantial, I'll keep updating on the progress. 
Chirag Shah: 
Just one request. If you can -- in future, if you can indicate the progress, maybe customer 
validation or something either in presentation or on the call, it would be helpful. It will help us 
to understand the progress that we are making. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vansh Modi from Svan Investments. 
Vansh Modi: 
Sir, my question is actually the follow-up of your export business. So you have been guiding 
this that you are seeing this export growing significantly. So what makes you confident that after 
3, 5 years, you are seeing this exponential growth which -- can you provide some light in which 
segment you are focusing passenger vehicles in LCV or tractors all 3, which geography you are 
targeting and what kind of volume, some inputs on your export vision. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, sure. Your voice is slightly echoing, but I feel I've got the gist of the question. So yes, so 
regarding exports, exports currently is less than 2% of sales. And what makes us confident is 
that we are one of the only emission companies in the world who can cater to this market. There 
is a lot of consolidation that has happened globally plus the force of China Plus One that has 
paid out, where a lot of these markets that we'll be addressing the business was being catered out 
of China or Stellas. 
 
In terms of subsegments where we are focused first on the subsegments, we are focused on 
commercial vehicle emission system components. Second is the emission system adjacencies of 
the off-highway market. So in construction equipment and so on, the adjacencies in itself have 
a very good content and these are all exportable products. Then third is the small genset emission 
market, and that is also something that we cater to even today. So the exports is to the smaller 
genset emission system market. They want to build more customers and more products there. 
 
And then last is the smaller tractors, which are generally under 100 horsepower. In terms of the 
markets, we are almost fully focused right now on the U.S. and European market and U.S. being 
a larger market and followed by the Europe Market. 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Vansh Modi: 
Okay. Sir, when you were saying that you would be replacing -- there are lot of demand from 
China Plus One strategy from global OEMs. So what kind of growth opportunity, how big that 
market will be for you, some inputs on the overall size of these markets. Yes. And how big is 
the Chinese players catering this market, their opportunity size which you are targeting? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, sure. So that's not one exclusively the opportunity that we are targeting. However, the 
market is huge. It is multiples of what we are catering to right now. And hence, it won't be right 
to talk about the whole market. We are going to go on a step-by-step approach. So even if we 
get a very small percentage of the market, we would have grown substantially, right? So it's an 
exponentially bigger market to the Indian market for various factors. 
 
And in terms of specific Chinese companies or the business going out of China, I think it's all 
segmented, so very difficult to give a number. But the number is large, right? So we are just 
looking to at least begin at a small percentage also, which would be a substantial growth for our 
company. 
Vansh Modi: 
So sir, similar to you -- are there -- how many OEMs similar to you are participating in this kind 
of opportunity? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sir, if you can just repeat the question? It's echoing. 
Vansh Modi: 
Sir, similar to you, how many OEMs are participating in this opportunity where replacement of 
Chinese players in the global scheme? 
Aashim Relan: 
In our component or in general? 
Vansh Modi: 
In your component. 
Aashim Relan: 
They're not too many, right? There are very few companies, maybe almost no companies in India 
that can cater to these segments, right? These are tech-centered segments that require a lot of 
R&D. So in India, it is very few companies that would be able to or maybe none that can cater 
to a lot of the markets that we are addressing globally we are aware of 1,2 players. 
Vansh Modi: 
Globally, there would be many companies, sir? 
Aashim Relan: 
Not many. These are generally this special emission segment is something that is technology 
focused. So there are not many players globally also. 
Vansh Modi: 
So sir, how many OEMs, if you can throw some light, how many OEMs have approached you 
or any in terms of approval also for these kind of -- for other components? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So from a, let's say, funnel approach or a sales funnel approach, we are in discussion with 
multiple OEMs, right? It's not a number, it's like multiple OEMs and we have gotten in touch, 
they've gotten in touch. So almost all the OEMs who are our target customers in these segments, 
we are in touch with them and in various stages of discussion. 
Vansh Modi: 
And have our products been approved already with some of the OEMs or we are still in process 
with approval pending basically? 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Aashim Relan: 
The funnel doesn't exactly go as approval or approval pending. However, yes, in some OEMs, 
you are in a more mature phase, in other OEMs we are in a lesser mature phase and but it doesn't 
exactly go as approval or not. 
Vansh Modi: 
So sir, my last question, at this year, what -- 2 years, 3 years, do you see the influx point in your 
export journey will begin? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So I think very hard to give an exact year. However, we're very confident that as part of 
our 5-year plan, currently, exports is less than 2% of sales that, that would be a much more 
substantial part of our sales. Exact your inflection point and so on that's very difficult to 
determine. However, we are very confident that in a 5-year period that it would be a substantial 
part of our sales. And as and when we have material things we'll also keep updating on this side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Shah, Quasar Capital. 
Ankur Shah: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Just one question again on the export front. Are the 
terms of business as lucrative as the Indian business? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So in exports, the terms of business, I would guess, is basically EBITDA loss, right? And 
what we are seeing is that the margins are much better in exports than in Indian business. 
However, the working capital requirement in exports is also higher than Indian business. On a 
net basis, if you neutralize a higher margin and higher working capital requirement, from a 
ROCE perspective, it is similar or maybe slightly better, but they're quite similar if you look at 
it from a return on capital perspective. 
Ankur Shah: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, one more thing, like just from a investor angle that I have been tracking 
the company since a couple of years, and we have been mentioning about the M&A part. I 
completely get that point that in M&A, you need to be conservative, etc. But like why aren't we 
proactively pursuing any new product opportunities with the domestic OEMs, because like if I 
see the evaluation in the last 3, 4 years, there have been so many new products, which the OEMs 
would have required because the content per vehicle, etc, is increasing and considering our very 
strong relations with some of the OEMs, why aren't you able to organically within ourselves, 
which is, I think, much more in our control, why aren't we able to build some products where 
we have newer avenues to grow? It's just a question on that angle business. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, sure. So a couple of factors. One, that on organic side, we have started building up our 
light-weighting vertical, which is suspension and control arms. For that, we are setting up a new 
plant right now, which is coming up in Pune, right? So organically, the journey has started. 
 
And when it comes to M&A, right, we will be very conservative and we don't do M&A just to 
do an acquisition. And for that, we'll wait for the right time and the right deal, a lot of back-end 
work is always going on in terms of evaluation of various deals. However, we'll only do it when 
we are comfortable and we'll have cost thresholds on what we see from a capital allocation 
perspective. 
 
Organically, I think the lightweighting vertical is something that we will continue to build over 
the years. 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ankur Shah: 
No, no, absolutely agreed on the M&A, like absolutely. And on the lightweighting vertical, sir, 
like at Rs.200 crores sales, we have mentioned that we have 10% market share -- that indicates 
the market share, right in the suspension arm space? The 10% which is written in the 
presentation. So you mean to say that the whole market is around Rs.2,000 crores and here, we 
are getting around 10% market share. Is that the right way to see it? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So two things that what we've referred to is more on the control arm and assembly side. 
Lightweighting is much bigger than that as a tree. We are, of course, creeping into very small 
part of that tree. And there are various other nuances in terms of content that comes into it. But 
that would be the right indicative way of looking at it. 
 
At the same time, the lightweighting opportunity from a content perspective is very large, very 
large, right? Our current play is limited to control arms and axle assemblies. And that's 
something that, of course, on the perspective of adding new customers there is where a lot of 
work is going on. And a lot of R&D work is going on, on adding content as well on the 
lightweighting side. 
Ankur Shah: 
I really appreciate your focus. Congrats. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan from Suyash Advisors. 
Karthi Keyan: 
One thing, can you elaborate a bit on the work done on the digi tech side as in -- I assume the 
approval cycle could be faster over this. So can you talk a bit more in terms of component that 
you will be supplying and so on, on the genset market? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So genset market, one in India already has some legislation, which is coming. And this is 
very small in India, so it's only less than 1% of sales. So we anyways have good market share 
there. However, in the case of exports, there are a couple of things that are happening. One, our 
current exports also is basically to the genset market only. So we already have a product 
available. We already have a very good track record in that market. And that's something that 
we are looking to build upon to, of course, add new customers when it comes to the genset 
market and genset market is going through a boom right now in the U.S. 
 
It is something that is growing very, very fast. It's something we didn't expect also that gensets 
would become so prominent in the U.S., but that's backed by the data center book. So yes, that's 
something that we should be adding some customers because we already do that business as 
expected. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And the ones you supply to would be the more leading players or the smaller players on a global 
scale for your exports and so on? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So we supply to probably the leading player or if not the, then the second, right? It's a close 
competition, I think, between two companies globally. So we do already supply to a very large 
company. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Okay. That would either be company or one of the other's needs. 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Aashim Relan: 
We don't comment on any customer needs, but we do supply gensets -- genset emission systems 
even in India now. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Right, right, right. The second thing would be this congrats on onboarding several institutional 
investors. Just curious to know if you had any interactions with them and what was the broad 
expectation that we outlined. It is interesting to see a chunk of good quality investors in the 
roster, so. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure, sure. So I think the goal was always to add institutional investors. And when we were 
interacting and strategizing, I think there was only request to provide liquidity or improve 
liquidity, and that's something that we had done as part of the block deal. And always the goal 
is to improve institutional ownership into the company as that is very good for all shareholders 
in the block. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Yes. If I may request you to be slightly more explicit, one question. At what stage do you think 
you would be able to see at least like a 15% plus kind of a revenue run rate, at least for a period 
of time. The reason I ask you this is we all follow these numbers and so on, but just trying to 
understand where you would be able to achieve consistent growth based on all the drivers that 
you have talked about. It is exciting, but we are unable to fix any kind of timing. So can you 
share some thoughts on that? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So a particular number that you're mentioning, number guidance. However, over the next 
5 years, we are looking at outperformance as part of our strategy. Any particular year or quarter 
that's something that would not like to share given all the market dynamics. However, we have 
a new strategy, 5 years, we are confident to outperform the industry. 
Karthi Keyan: 
Congratulations and very best wishes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piyush from Acquaint Bee. 
Piyush: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted to clarify, so the impact of R&D is 
completely priced in. And any incremental emission on -- everything is priced in right now until 
the TREM V kicks in, correct? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. Yes. It's -- by priced in, you mean that do we have the technology? Yes, we do have the 
technology and TREM V is anyways product maturity is very high there. 
Piyush: 
What I mean really is it's already in your base. So any incremental growth will be only from the 
volumes of the industry, right, for you? At least till the period TREM V kicks in? 
Aashim Relan: 
I'm not able to understand the question. If you can just repeat the question, please? 
Piyush: 
Yes. So until TREM V kicks in, the growth that we would see in, say, gross profit would 
correspond directly to the industry volumes, which is LCV plus PV mix, right rather than any 
incremental value add due to emission norms change? 
Aashim Relan: 
So some smaller emission norms are changing. Our lightweighting vertical is kicking up and as 
well as we are working on the export front as well as we are working on the commercial vehicle 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
market share increase spend. So all those things are ongoing. So it's very difficult to say when 
they would mature. And TREM V, there's nothing in the base per se because tractors is a very 
small part of revenues, and that is going to be a totally new addressable market that we'll get 
into. 
Piyush: 
Perfect. And no significant value add also from CEV5, will that also be a very, very small 
proportion of the entire turnover? 
Aashim Relan: 
The CEV that's coming in Jan 2025? 
Piyush: 
Yes. 
Aashim Relan: 
So we have business there, especially on the adjacency front, we have a good business there. 
However, the CEV market compared to the tractor market and export market is a smaller one. 
Piyush: 
Okay. And sir, can you elaborate more on the 3 to 4 liters in which you are aggressively targeting, 
how big is that market 3 to 4-liter engine, and what specifically are you eyeing for there? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. So as of now, we have no market share there. We, in fact, did not have the technology to 
cater to that segment a few years ago. Over time, we've developed the technology, we've 
developed a product and that's something that we are now looking as a stand-alone company to 
cater to. And this market is catered largely right now by this one of our competitors. So 
definitely, the opportunity is there. 
 
However, as we take some time, on emission products, it will be something that we have to wait. 
And intend to though our product is already ready. In terms of opportunity size, that's something 
that we are not right now guiding on this subsegment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manpreet Arora from Arora Wealth Advisors. 
Manpreet Arora: 
So Aashim, a couple of questions. On, if you look at the investor presentation, let's say, a year 
back, we had -- and also the calls, investor calls, we were talking about our joint venture with 
Kinetic on the EV side and battery packs and AIS certifications. And -- but the last couple of 
calls and in investor presentation, we don't really talk about the JV with Kinetic. 
 
So just wanted to know, are we still -- is the management bandwidth invested there? Are we still 
moving ahead with battery packs and are we still bullish on that segment, any outlook you can 
get there will be helpful. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. Sure. So I think the 2-wheeler EV market, I think that in itself has evolved a lot over the 
last maybe 1 or 2 years. And many things have happened regarding battery packs and then, of 
course, the market in itself. So one, the AIS Amendment 3, the compliances have come in, plus 
2-wheeler EV subsidies have been reduced, and there is a lot of competition that has come in 
from China, from many, many, many small players, so battery packs as a segment is not as 
attractive as it was 1 or 2 years ago. 
 
However, we do remain to be invested in this -- but we are also waiting and watching because 
we will not deploy any significant amount of capital till we are not sure of the overall 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
attractiveness of the business, which has shifted over the last 1-2 years, given various things that 
have happened. I think that's all there in the 2-wheeler EV side as well as batteries that have 
come about. And lots and lots of players have entered the battery pack. 
 
So we'll be cautious, we're still there and still prototypes are available, and the new ones now 
are awaiting testing and so on. But given the fast-changing dynamics and as well as a very high 
field quality risk of the product, we are being very cautious and hence not projecting any time 
line on revenues and so on and not taking it into our plan. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Okay. So will that depend on Kinetic strategy and how they want to penetrate that market or? 
Aashim Relan: 
No. It would just depend on the overall attractiveness of the segment and the business plan and 
not particularly just the JV partner. Of course, there is captive numbers over there. However, 
also the overall attractiveness of the segment, the product and the industry. 
Manpreet Arora: 
So basically, over the last 2 years, the attractiveness of that industry has diminished because of 
the competition and the other norms that have come in. Is that the right way to understand? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes. And the dynamic is also very, very fast changing, and we have observed very high field 
quality. So we are going to be very cautious, and that's why we've been cautious since the start 
on deploying capital, you don't want to deploy capital into areas which are too risky or as well 
as don't have attractive projected returns in the business plan. 
 
So as things evolve, things could change, things could even become better, but we'll watch out 
before we deploy anything and then guide anything as well. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes. I appreciate. Appreciate that. So my other question is on the lightweighting vertical 
question. And if you can help us understand this a bit more. So my understanding is that for EVs 
because they are heavy inherently for the lightweighting trend has happened there. But also on 
the ICE engine, because of fuel efficiency, traffic norms, etc, we're looking at lightweighting 
becoming a trend there as well. 
 
And you mentioned that we are now setting up a new plant, and we have been nominated for a 
new platform on this side. And so our lightweighting products will primarily be on the arm 
control assembly and the suspension to start with and will that move to other products? Or these 
are the areas for now that we'll be targeting on the lightweighting front? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So I think the way you rated the, let's say, mega trend of lightweighting, I think that's very 
accurate, that there is megatrend going on, not just for EVs, but ICE hybrid. Everything requires 
the overall car to be lighter as well as stronger, right, because there are also safety norms and so 
on that come into play. So there are various ways of doing lightweighting and there are almost 
you can say the content is huge when it comes to lightweighting. 
 
However, we are taking it 1 step at a time. And for the current month, we are only focused on 
the products, which you mentioned, which are control arms, and we will first stabilize that. 
Parallelly, we are doing R&D work on what -- how we can increase content in this area. Nothing 

 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
is mature enough to update as part of this call. However, for the time being, the plant coming in 
for control arms. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Okay. So on the control arm, let's say, the lightweighting product for the control arms. Will that 
be a better margin profile from the existing products that we do? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sorry, if you can just repeat the question, please? 
Manpreet Arora: 
Will that be a better margin profile than the new control arms which are meant for lightweighting 
vertical? 
Aashim Relan: 
New control arms, if you can just repeat your question. 
Manpreet Arora: 
It's a new product, right, which will have a better weight than the current product that we do on 
control arms. Is that the right way to understand? 
Aashim Relan: 
We have been nominated for a new platform. The plant is coming out for a complete new 
platform for one of our customers. So it's a new product all in, right? It's not something that we 
are replacing. This is a new product all in. 
 
In terms of margins and so on, it's too early right now to comment. We are also new to do it in 
a full focused way. However, all our capital allocation decisions are taken with ROCE in mind, 
right? So this project is looking good from the ROCE perspective. In terms of individual margins 
and product margins, that's something which I will not comment for the time. 
Manpreet Arora: 
And the amount of capital that you're spending is Rs.50 crores on this segment? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes, yes. 
Manpreet Arora: 
And would you be able to share like at peak utilization, what kind of returns we can assume 
from this plant? And is incremental capacity similar to our initial systems where it requires little 
investment or it has a different profile? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. At this point, probably it's not in a mature phase to guide on asset turnover or incremental 
capacity. The capacity that we are coming with is a good amount right now. And that's something 
as the product in vertical matures maybe better to guide at that point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. 
I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Puru Aggarwal for closing comments. 
Puru Aggarwal: 
Thank you. We appreciate your participation in our earnings call today. We trust that we have 
addressed all your queries. Should you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out 
to our Investor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. Thank you, and have a lovely 
evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
