Date: 12th August, 2024 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, 
Block G, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: SAREGAMA 
The General Manager, 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532163 
Subject:  Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call-Transcript 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) as amended, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Q1FY25 Results Conference Call held on Monday, 5th August, 
2024 at 12.00 P.M. (IST) for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2024.  
This information is available on the website of the Company: www.saregama.com 
You are requested to kindly take the abovementioned on record. 
Yours Faithfully, 
For SAREGAMA INDIA LIMITED 
Priyanka Motwani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
SAREGAMA India Limited, 33, Jessore Road, Dum Dum, Kolkata - 700 028, India. 
Tel: +91 33 2551 2984, Fax: +91 33 2550 0817, Web: www.saregama.com 
CIN: L22213WB1946PLC014346 Email ID: co.sec@saregama.com 
PRIYANKA 
MOTWANI
Digitally signed by 
PRIYANKA MOTWANI 
Date: 2024.08.12 
19:40:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Saregama India Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Results Conference Call” 
August 05, 2024 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKRAM MEHRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SAREGAMA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ CHATURVEDI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SAREGAMA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SAKET SAH – GROUP HEAD – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND ESG REPORTING – SAREGAMA INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ KEDIA – VICE PRESIDENT – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SAREGAMA INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PULKIT CHAWLA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and good day and welcome to the Q1 FY '25 Results Conference Call of Saregama India 
Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pulkit Chawla from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Thank you, Neha. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Q1 FY'25 earnings call for 
Saregama. From the management we have with us today, Mr. Vikram Mehra, Managing 
Director; Mr. Pankaj Chaturvedi, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Saket Sah – Group Head - 
Investor Relations & ESG Reporting and Pankaj Kedia, Vice President - Investor Relation 
Without any further delay, I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks. Over to you, Vikram. 
Vikram Mehra: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter saw operating revenue of INR 205 crores 
and PBT of INR 51 crores. Our revenue increased by 26%  over the last year and is in sync with 
a guidance of 30% revenue increase in  FY'25. Our EBITDA increased by 9% and is currently 
at 33% of the revenue which again is in sync with the guidance that we have been giving for our 
adjusted EBITDA. 
As always, I will request you to evaluate us on a rolling 12-month basis and not on a quarterly 
basis. I said this when we had a great quarter 4 last year and I'm saying the same thing in this 
quarter. On a full year basis, we are confident that we will end up meeting all our guidance that 
we have given to the market. 
Let me start as always with the first vertical - music. The apparent drop in music segment 
revenue is on account of Carvaan which we are scaling down I can give you the comfort that the 
music revenue - which is a combination of music and artist management - is on track to achieve 
our guidance of 25% - 26% growth in the FY'25. We don't see any problem there. 
This quarter saw the release of our chartbuster song Tauba Tauba from the movie Bad Newz. 
This song has topped every possible chart in the country -  be it a Spotify, Instagram, Radio, 
YouTube  you name it and we're there. It's the Spotify's no. 1 song in India since 9th of July. In 
fact,  it is the global no. 1 music video on YouTube since the last 28 days. Today is the 29th day. 
As I talk to you, the no.2 and the no.3 song  on the YouTube global list currently also belong to 
us. 
The other songs of Bad Newz- ‘Jaanam’ and ‘Mere Mehboob’ - are also part of Spotify Top 50 
charts for weeks now. We also saw the release of the Prabhas, Amitabh Bachchan and Deepika 
Padukone starrer Kalki 2898 AD. Just like the movie, the music is doing very well and has 
topped the Telugu charts. Other big album this quarter was of the movie Mandakini whose song, 
‘Vatteppam’ topped the charts in Malayalam language.  
In the non-film category, the company released songs like Morni by Raftaar, who's a very big 
rapper. Then there is Kaala Chashma Laga Lijiye by Neelkamal in Bhojpuri; Piyu Maano Maru 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
by Kajal Maheriya in Gujarati; and the devotional song, Suno Krishna Pyaare by Swati Mishra 
and these are only some of the names that have taken. Overall, we released 330+ original and 
premium recreation songs across multiple languages which includes Hindi, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, 
Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Marathi and Bengali. 
Our lineup for the next 12 months is all in place where we have the music of some of the biggest 
films of the year. In the month of July, we have just released  2 songs from the next movie called 
Stree 2. Both  the songs are doing extremely well. One of them is global music video no. 2 and 
the second song is global music video no. 3 on YouTube music video charts. That means global 
no. 1, no. 2, no. 3, all belong to Saregama today. 
Some of the movies which are going to get released in the next few months are Dharma 
production's Jigra which stars Alia Bhatt; Maddock film Skyforce starring Akshay Kumar; 
Surya’s Tamil Fantasy film Kanguva, , Mammootty’s Bazooka in Malayalam; Kannada 
superstar Sudeep Kiccha’s film. I have shared with you in May that this will be the year where 
we start the journey of future-proofing our company by investing in newer content. It will also 
be the year to start the process of moving Saregama from being the no. 2 label to the no. 1 label 
of the country.  
This means this is a 3-year period  where we will buy big in terms of content, but we will always 
buy smart so that we have one of the best ROIs in the market. This quarter the charge-off on 
account of new content has gone up by 48% year-on-year. We are currently in a transitional state 
where our new content expenses are going up in a step-function manner, resulting in the 
incremental revenue just about matching the content charge-off.  
Over the  period of next 18 months this will stabilize. The content investment  will start going 
up linearly after that and not in a step function. And the additional revenue that we'll be 
generating on account of the content we will be taking over these 2 years and the new content 
that we will pick up will far exceed  the charge-off that will start coming in, which means the 
profit should also start rising steeply. 
With all this  investment in new content, we maintain our guidance of a 5-year payback period. 
That means whatever you spend today across all languages, in a maximum of 5 years we will 
get our money back, and then we have anything between 55 to 75 years to make money from 
that content. 
This quarter was the last one with the base effect of free streaming moving to pay. Two of our 
partner platforms -  who had contributed revenue on the free side in Q1 FY'24  - from Q2 
onwards completely moved behind the paywall., This impact gets over from Q2 onwards. On 
YouTube revenue front, quarter 1 saw some pressure on account of most advertising actually  
coming from the political advertising or was IPL advertising. June onwards we started seeing 
very stable growth. As we go forward in the year , we see the numbers looking good. 
Overall, we aim for the music vertical - which includes licensing as well as artist management - 
to grow its revenue by a minimum 25% - 26% during the year. Artist management - the new 
vertical that we have under music, wherein artists are made popular through our IP releases 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
which may be music or short format films or longer format films,  and then we monetize these 
artists by booking them for live events, weddings and brand endorsements and Saregama gets a 
share of their money. 
During the quarter, 30-plus new influencers and music artists were added, making our overall 
portfolio upwards of 150. These artists ,among them, have over 100 million followers and 
subscribers on Instagram and YouTube. As the investment in newer content goes up these artists 
are going to become bigger and bigger. Even the most pessimistic estimates on digital 
advertising growth are giving a number around 15%. A large amount of this money is going to 
flow down to content which is riding on the digital platforms.  
And the might that we have between our own content and the content which is created by the 
artist whom we are managing, we believe we will be in e a very strong position to grab a lion's 
share of this advertising budget both on the music side and more importantly through Pocket 
Aces’ Clout. We believe  we will be having a clear no. 1 position here. 
Two of the artists on the music side released their songs. There were Arjun Tanwar's song, 
Banjare that was launched, and Maahi released his second song Jaadugari. Overall, with a stated 
goal of acquiring 25% to 30% of all new music releases in India, the licensing vertical should 
double its revenue in  3 – 3.5 years,  which is 25% to 26% growth year-on-year. And this entire 
investment is going to be funded through our internal accruals or the QIP money . No additional 
investments or  fundraise is needed.  
Let me now shift to the video vertical where we make films under the brand name Yoodlee, we 
make digital series under the brand name Dice which belongs to Pocket Aces, short format 
content under Filter Copy, Nutshell, etc and TV serials for Sun TV.  
The explosion of smartphone ownership and cheap data are the biggest drivers of this vertical. 
We are still in very early stages of building this business. We believe, over the next 5 years, we 
should be able to grow this business at 25% CAGR. Please remember, every time we look at 
video, video must make money on its own and we are all very clear about it. But we should also 
keep in mind the amazing amount of impact it has on the music business.–Firstly, it allows us  
guaranteed content. Since most of our competitors also have a video arm, we never want to be 
caught in a position where it becomes difficult for us to acquire content from the market. 
Secondly, the music content , which is put in a Yoodlee film ends up giving us a much better 
ROI than something that we're acquiring from the outside, obviously, because we have complete 
control on what music and what singers are involved in that music. 
This quarter saw the release of two  Punjabi films, Gippy Grewal's Shinda Shinda No Papa and 
Ni Main Sass Kuttni Part 2. Quarter 1 also saw the release of Bada Sheher Choti Family, our 
branded web series with Maruti as a principal sponsor which was released by Filter Copy. Agra 
Affairs, a Dice creation was delivered to Amazon Mini TV. And Gobble had a web series called, 
Carpool Biryani which  had the backing of the sponsor Thumbs Up. 
In the last few quarters with various consolidations that are going on in the media sector, there 
is a little bit of uncertainty on the digital platforms and TV channels. We believe all these things 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
should sort themselves out over the period of next 12 months. And the market is, once again, 
going to have a lot of hunger with more and more of video content, both on the film side as well 
as on the short and long format video content side. 
On the live events side we have started the Dil Luminati tour of Diljit Dosanjh in Vancouver 
with a record-breaking turnout of over 50,000 fans. Overall, 11 concerts were held in Canada 
and U.S.A. Multiple shows are planned in India and UAE in the coming quarters. We also 
launched That’s So Viraj - With Friends a live comedy shows with a Clout exclusive artist called 
Viraj Ghelani. These are great examples of synergy being drawn between various verticals of 
Saregama so that the overall result is much greater than the sum of individual parts. 
Two of the shows were held in Mumbai and now we are planning the shows internationally also. 
As shared in the past, events business is a very high revenue, low margin but a high IRR business. 
So, in quarters where there are a lot of concerts, it may make our EBITDA margins look a little 
low. But the fact is very little capital gets locked in events business, and that also for a very short 
duration, which results in a very high IRR for the business even though the margins are less.  
A typical scene is that if a concert is happening, our actual money is getting locked for  not more 
than 15 -30 days, and more often than not our ticketing partner ends up giving us an advance, 
which takes care of the investment that we have to make initially. 
As far as Carvaan is concerned, we have rolled out a new retail strategy whereby we'll be selling 
this product only from e-commerce and modern trade stores. This entire thing is getting rolled 
out in various parts of the country. Over the next few quarters, we will start getting out of the 
individual stores. While our top line --  will shrink on account of  getting out of the retail stores, 
we believe our profitability margins are going to improve through better control on the cost 
structures, which were directly attributed to  physical distribution. 
As promised earlier, from this quarter onwards, we have started sharing the Carvaan revenue 
number separately. This quarter, Carvaan revenue was INR24.7 crores, which is a significant 
drop over Q1FY24 . 
If I  talk  long term, over the next 3 years, we will be investing over INR1,000 crores in new 
music content. This will not only contribute to immediate growth, but also put the company on 
a long-term growth path. And this is something I want to reiterate. We've always had the option 
to be happy being a music-only or catalogue only company and drive very high margins. And 
yes, the margins can be very high if we continue only being that. We believe that's not going to 
prepare the company for the future. We are making these high margins because we made the 
investments 30 years ago on the catalogue content. Similarly, we have to make investments 
today, so that 50 years down the line also, the company remains relevant and remain  one of the 
most successful entertainment companies you've ever seen in India. 
Also, we don't want to be dependent ever only on one vertical. And in today's digital 
environment, all verticals are feeding off each other. Events feed off  music, music feed off 
films, films/ are used  to promote artists and the same artists are then going out there and 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
performing in events. So, for us there's a lot of synergy  we can drive off each other. And you 
will start seeing the impact of this over the next 2 to 3 years. 
At the consolidated company level, we expect revenue, excluding Carvaan, to grow at a CAGR 
of 30% over the next 3 years and PBT to double over the next 3 to 4 years. On the EBITDA side, 
we maintain our adjusted EBITDA guidance of 32% to 33% with the strength of -- the IP that 
we  own, a long-term strategic thinking, adequacy of capital on our balance sheet and a fast-
growing digital footprint.  
Today,  we  have direct or indirect control of 262 million follower internet footprint between 
various channels of Saregama, Pocket Aces and the artists that we people manage. Strength of 
all this will ensure that we will be successful in our aim to become one of the biggest and  the 
most profitable IP company from India. Thank you, and we'll be happy to take questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kavish Parekh from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kavish Parekh: 
So, at the start of the call, you alluded that the music business needs to be looked at on a 12-
month basis. Even then music revenues are up only 7%, further margins too have been volatile. 
what explains this, sir? What led to the sharp fall in margin -- music margin this quarter? And 
secondly, any colour on the performance of Pocket Aces? Numbers suggest that Pocket Aces is 
now close to breakeven. So, is that the right understanding? 
Vikram Mehra: 
So let me answer Pocket Aces first. End of the year, you will find Pocket Aces at a breakeven 
level. We are not there yet, but we will be there before the end of the year. Regarding  the first 
one, when you're, looking at our music revenue, you have to combine music and artist 
management. 
 
On a combined basis  we have been growing at over 23% year-on-year. In fact, this year, , our 
guidance is that we will grow at 26%. You had a question on the profitability. Please remember, 
at the moment, we started investing more and more on the newer content. As stated earlier, the 
increase in revenue in the initial year was just about matching the charge-off that we will end up 
taking on the content. Give it another 18 months, post which the impact of the revenue will be 
far higher than the charge-offs that we'll be taking. And you will be seeing profitability also start 
moving at the same rate  as  revenue. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Right, right. Just as a follow-up on the artist management vertical, revenues from the same have 
started flowing in only 3Q FY '24 onwards? 
Vikram Mehra: 
No. We started reporting them separately now. They were earlier part of the music vertical.  
Kavish Parekh: 
All right. Thank you, sir. That was it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
Yash: 
Just got one basic data-keeping question. How much revenue comes from YouTube and 
Instagram for Saregama across all the segments? 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
I can't give you specific platform level information, it's confidential in nature. 
Yash: 
Okay. But you just directionally, would it be like a majority of your revenue or are there other 
streaming platforms that also contributed or is it more diversified? That's what I'm trying to 
understand? 
Vikram Mehra: 
We don't have dependence on any 1 platform or 1 partner to that extent. YouTube definitely is 
a large enough player right now, but so are the streaming platforms like Spotify, short format 
platform like Instagram, so are the big television channel networks who end up taking a license 
from our side and so are the societies from whom we end up getting money typically in Q4. We  
have very consciously worked in a fashion  that there is no overdependence on any one player. 
Yash: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, my question is on the event side performance. If you can shed some light and also impact 
on revenue coming from the Diljit Dosanjh concert that was held in U.S. and Canada in Q1. And 
third, sir, just wanted your view on the influencer side, like we are focusing to advertising 
through influencers. So, like a lot of focus RPSG Group to go with the influencers. So, this will 
be going to be our strategy for most of the group companies that we are doing? 
Vikram Mehra: 
 I'm in a position only to comment on Saregama. When we look at influencers, we  strongly 
believe that in the days to come, more and more younger people will prefer following their local 
influencers that they look up to rather than only the top cricketers or the top Bollywood actors. 
People go by the brand recommendation made by somebody they can relate to rather than only 
a movie idol. And brands are recognizing this. So, more and more brands  want to work with the 
influencers. We understand this reality.  
Hence, we want to build up that vertical. The key challenge is anybody can tomorrow start 
representing influencers. Why we are unique is because we are the only influencer management 
company, which is also  in the business of creating content. Hence, the influencer who signs up 
with us, we can make the influencer that much bigger by giving them chances to appear in our 
music videos or give them chances to appear in the video content that we are creating for a Filter 
Copy or a Gobble or a Nutshell or a Yoodlee.  
 Once the influencer becomes big, whatever money influencer makes through brand 
endorsements, through live performances at weddings or any other mode , we end up getting a 
percentage share of that revenue. This is as far as the influencer part is concerned. 
 
On the event side, remember the nature of the business is that you invest some money for a very 
short span of time. Concerts typically don't require long gestation periods. If a concert is 
happening  in the month of October, , we end up putting our money  only in the month of August. 
In the month of September, we end up getting advances from our partners who may be doing 
the ticketing for that show. The money is locked in for a limited time. October, the deal gets 
over, money is back, brand money is also in. So, the same money can be circulated 6 to 8 times 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
during the year. Hence, on the margin side, it will always be single-digit margin , but on the IRR 
side, it becomes triple-digit IRRs if the money is deployed properly. Hope I've answered all your 
questions. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir. Sir, just one more thing. As we are now focusing more of launching younger generation 
singles. So, what your comment on that side like because it will be lesser in cost. So, it will 
obviously going to help us to reduce our costs. So how it will go into benefit for us? 
Vikram Mehra: 
It will benefit us, but maybe the reason that you have given may not be right. When you work 
with very big artists, you end up paying a large amount of money to the artist. But the marketing 
requirements are lower, because artists are already very well known. When you're working with 
younger artists, the artist fee is practically 0, but the marketing fees are  very high because the 
artist needs to get established in the market first. 
 
Our strategy of investing in the newer artist is that not only do we want to make money from the 
songs that the artists are creating. But if the artist becomes big, they will get invitations to 
perform in weddings or corporate functions or brands will like them to do brand endorsements. 
We will also get a share of that money. So, unlike your big artists where you make money only 
from the songs, with the younger artists - the risk is higher - but the monies can be made both 
from the song as well as from the fee that the artists will be making. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Just 1 question from my end. The music revenue this quarter was at INR140 crores versus 
INR149 crores June of last year... 
Vikram Mehra: 
It's not INR142 crores. It's INR142 crores, plus INR16 crores, so it's INR158 crores. 
Lokesh Manik: 
INR158 crores. 
Vikram Mehra: 
Artist management always has to be seen as music, please. I've been stating this.  
Lokesh Manik: 
Fair enough. So, my question was, even if you see INR157 crores versus INR150 crores, and we 
had a content charge last year at INR18 crores for this -- the June quarter last year. So are we 
not seeing the throughput or there's nothing much to read into this... 
Vikram Mehra: 
Nothing. My only part, which I said earlier also, when you're comparing INR158 crores versus 
INR149 crores number, also  see us excluding Carvaan revenues on both sides. Carvaan  has 
seen a reasonable decline in this quarter. Music licensing revenue - which is a combination of 
music and artist management -  on its own as a vertical is very steady. But I'm continuing with 
my guidance of a 26% growth during the year. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Chawla from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Vikram sir, my first question related to YouTube. So just wanted to understand the impact of 
realizations on YouTube compared to, let's say, sequentially you did highlight there has been 
some decrease because of diversion of advertising funds annulated. Approximately what 
proportion of the YouTube views that you typically do report? Is that on the Shorts platform? 
Vikram Mehra: 
On the reporting side a significant number of views are coming actually from the Shorts 
platform. Since others start reporting all views, that's why we have to report views in similar 
fashion. Earlier days we never used to report Shorts. On the realization side, Shirts are fixed fee 
deal whereas views on Saregama owned channels and  UGC on YouTube is a variable deal. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
So, I just wanted to understand you mentioned about, let's say, because our YouTube views have 
actually gone up this quarter on a sequential basis, but there seems to be some weakness on a 
realization basis ? 
Vikram Mehra: 
In April, May combined we saw more advertising money flowing on news, elections and then 
on IPL, which happens every year because most big advertisers want to advertise on IPL and 
nothing else. And this is what was expected, and I had said this in my last quarter's analyst call 
also. June became completely stable, and we were back to normal,  and July has been going very 
steady for us. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Got it. Second, on the event side, this quarter, you had 11 concerts with Diljit in the U.S. Canada, 
but revenue obviously doesn't seem to be that high if you're comparing on a sequential basis. 
And you did highlight that you've had a relook at the entire strategy last quarter. So, is that -- if 
you could throw some light on that? 
Vikram Mehra: 
On the events business, can you just be a little bit more specific, Pulkit. What is the exact 
information... 
Pulkit Chawla: 
You've done around 11 concerts with Diljit, right? But I think if you look at the revenue on a 
sequential basis, there hasn't been too much of an improvement also. And you did highlight in 
terms of your -- you had a relook at strategy, right, last quarter. So just wanted to have some 
colour on as to what the -- what the new strategy has been in the event side? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
The revenues that we realize depend on what kind of structuring is being done. For our overseas 
events, we've got different partners managing the shows.  
Vikram Mehra: 
The event revenue in U.S., the way we have treated it  - is very different from the deals that we 
have in India. In India, we are managing it 100%. In U.S., it's  easier  to go out there with a local 
partner. And we ended up taking  only our share out of it on the profit side. We didn't want to 
take a risk of such a large revenue coming on our books. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Got it. Yes, that's helpful. And my last question is on the artist side. I mean, given that you've 
reported, let's say, low single-digit margins for the couple of quarters that you've reported your 
numbers, where do you typically see medium-term margins trending towards in this particular 
segment? 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
 Remember, there's no capital that artist management requires.  All the capital is on music. Artist 
management on its own, apart from having a team, there's nothing else that we people are 
spending there. Typical margins on the music side of artists can vary anything between 20% to 
30% to 40%, while on the influencer side is between 15% to 20% as the gross margin from 
which you deduct the expenses of your team members out there. So that's a range you are going 
to be in unless you have a breakout artist coming out. Remember, this is whatever we make as 
additional money because there is no cost. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Got it. That’s it from me. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dheeresh from WhiteOak Capital Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Dheeresh: 
Just for clarity, the -- in Pocket Aces, revenue is being partly reflected in artist management as 
well as in video. Those are the 2 places where it is getting reflected, right? 
Vikram Mehra: 
You're right. 
Dheeresh: 
So, when you say that INR16 crores, so you said music is INR142 crores plus INR16 crores. So 
this INR16 crores which you're carving out now, in the base quarter, June '23 quarter, how much 
would have been the artist management? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Artist management today is a combination of what we are doing with  Pocket Aces. And in 
Pocket Aces also there are music influencers and acting influencers as well as the artist 
management that we are doing within Saregama. It's a combination that you are seeing in  there. 
Dheeresh: 
Correct. So, the INR16 crores this quarter is a combination of your legacy artist management 
and the Pocket Aces artist management, right? In the base quarter, June '23, you would not have 
the Pocket Aces artist management, but you would have your existing base legacy artist 
management. So that legacy artist management in the base quarter, if you can give a ballpark 
number to that extent? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Let me not get into  that much of detailing at this moment. See, again,  the objective is to 
understand that is the music business is growing at the pace at which management had given the 
guidance. I'm holding my commitment that we are on track for a 26% year-on-year increase on 
the music business, which is a combination of music licensing and artist management. 
Dheeresh: 
But without artist management, the music licensing itself also should be in 20% plus, right? 
Because before we had acquired... 
Vikram Mehra: 
There's no without -- it's the same business for us. It just that there were so many questions 
coming on artist management. So, we started reporting them separately. It's the same business. 
At the end of the day, those artists are appearing in my music videos.  And we are taking risk by 
having the same artist appearing in 3 of my music videos or singing 5 of my songs. So, the 
revenue I'm going to make from it right now is also a music revenue. We are very clear. It is a 
music-driven business. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Dheeresh: 
Okay. And just -- I mean, I know there is some variability quarterly, but compared to the other 
industry peers, why is there so much deviation in the quarter-on-quarter performance? 
Vikram Mehra: 
In the quarterly presentation, again, we have given the quarter numbers for the last, 17 quarters. 
And the nature of the  beast is this. One, there's advertising revenue, which is highest in quarter 
3 .Both on the video side as well as on the music side, a large contribution is a percentage of the 
advertising revenues, which is seasonal in nature. 
 
Second,  the way our deals are -- there are minimum-guarantee deals with potential for 
overflows. For minimum guaranteed deals, we book revenues basis only the minimum 
guaranteed value  -- and overflows come when they actually start hitting us once we exceed the 
minimum guarantee. And these deals at times are allowed to live for the entire period of 2 years. 
They sometimes get renegotiated earlier because of various reasons. The moment we're 
renegotiating the deals, overflows are going to get booked. Whenever you're looking at us, please 
look at us on a 12-month basis. 
Dheeresh: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you for taking my question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swapnil from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil: 
So, my first question is with respect to your Carvaan revenue. Could you give a sense as to what 
was the Carvaan revenue last year same quarter? 
Vikram Mehra: 
See, we have only started sharing those numbers from this quarter onwards. You have the 
number for the last full financial year. It will be easy for you to make an estimate from  that. We 
have seen a decline in this quarter, I will acknowledge that. We have cut down our retail network 
dramatically, and we will keep on cutting it down over the next 2 quarters. By the time we  end 
this financial year, it will become only an e-commerce and a modern trade product. 
Swapnil: 
Okay. Got it. The second question is with respect to a multiyear deal that one of our competitors 
have signed with a global music label, which I think is helping them get better rates from global 
OTTs. Have you thought on those lines, getting in those kinds of deals where we align with 
some global music label and... 
Vikram Mehra: 
I will not comment about competitors. Let me tell our strategy. We, as a company, want to be 
taking this looking  20, 30 years ahead. The whole reason we're investing in newer content is the 
same. And similarly, the rationale that our fortune should be in our hand, whereby we build 
relationships with each of the individual platforms rather than for a guaranteed amount of money 
handed over to some other labels. That means, I will have no understanding in future how Spotify 
is functioning, or an Instagram is functioning. We don't want to be caught in that particular 
situation. 
 
Please remember, every step we are taking in this company is not looking for just the next 12 
months. We are looking at anything between at least 5 to 10 years ahead. And saying in the days 
where there will be a limited number of platforms, there should be enough competence sitting 
within Saregama that we know how to read data which is coming in. A good example today is 
on a daily basis, my team keeps  note of the views and streams   of every song out of 150,000 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
songs, on every platform. If there is more than 5% variance in the daily views or streams 
compared to the last 1-month average, we take immediate actions on this. 
 
All this intelligence that we are building on the analytics side and on marketing side, they can 
come only if you have direct relationships with platforms. I often say that even if somebody is 
ready to pay a little bit of a premium, we let go of that. We much rather prefer that we build this 
competency now and have direct relationship going on the platforms. 
Swapnil: 
Fair enough. That's very well explained. The next question is with respect to how much content 
acquisition are we planning to -- I think in the cash flow statement, you have shown around 
INR47 crores of content being acquired for this particular quarter. For the full year, where will 
we stand? 
Vikram Mehra: 
We have given an estimate of INR1,000 crores for the next 3 years. At a very broad level, we 
are looking at number of anything around a little upwards of INR300 crores. 
Swapnil: 
Okay. And how much cash would we have on the balance sheet as of today? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
We have disclosed this Swapnil, it is more than INR600 crores if you see our cash flow statement 
in the investor presentation. 
Swapnil: 
Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Patel from 361 AMC. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Patel: 
Just want to confirm one thing, Music and Artist Management segment grew by 6% year-on-
year in this quarter. So, are we on track to deliver 25% plus for the year? 
Vikram Mehra: 
We will grow music and licensing business of ours, which is music plus artist management 
minus Carvaan, at a minimum 26% . We're confident we will end up achieving those numbers 
before the year ends. 
Mayur Patel: 
Sure, Vikram. Just one more thing. Can I just -- my line was not clear. Content acquisition was 
INR27 crores in this quarter, and you're guiding for INR300 crores for this year. Is it right? 
Vikram Mehra: 
That's a content charge, not acquisition value. 
Mayur Patel: 
Okay. What was the acquisition value for this quarter? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
We don't share the acquisition value every quarter. Like the guidance has been given on the 
content investment. That's the value of the total content that gets released during the quarter. 
And the INR1,000 crores is the  number for 3 years, around INR300 crores plus is a number for 
this year.  
Mayur Patel: 
We are on track to achieve this INR300 crores content acquisition for this year? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
For this year, yes, INR300 crores plus is the target and we are on course to meet it.  

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Mayur Patel: 
Fair one. I will come back for more questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Sir, just one bookkeeping question. Would it be possible for you to share the content cost 
between amortization and other parts of the P&L that has gone in this quarter? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
See, the content cost is in different line items. It's part of the advertising costs as well as our 
depreciation. But to give a full clarity on the charge, we are reporting the entire content cost 
separately in the investor presentation. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay. So, what was it this quarter, total? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
It was INR27 crores.  
Aashish Upganlawar: 
INR27 crores? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
Yes. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay. So, sir, I think our policy is of writing off maybe 38% in the first year. So reverse 
calculation of this would be a right figure to go for the content expenditure that we have booked 
this quarter? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
Not really because the phasing of the content getting released is very important. The marketing 
gets charged off immediately when you release the content, whereas acquisition cost will get 
charged off pro rata based on when the content gets released. So, if you simply divide by 38%, 
that will not give you the right number. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay. But this will incrementally keep going up over the quarters now because we have started 
spending on content as per any plan? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Four to 5 quarters, you will see this number going up and then stabilizing. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Right. Okay sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Bhandari from AART Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Just wanted to understand as to where are we in terms of the revenue for Padhanisa? Have we 
started generating the revenue for that, the music app? 
Vikram Mehra: 
No, for Padhanisa, it's still  in a soft launch phase. We are still refining and working on it. That's 
why there's no marketing happening out there. There is revenue, but that revenue is more of a 
soft launch part. It will require another month or 2 before we start promoting the product. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. And you also mentioned that for Pocket Aces, you have an intent to grow with a CAGR 
of 25%, and by this year-end, we shall be at a breakeven. Are we still on the same track? 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
Absolutely. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Akhil Gulecha from Pkeday Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Akhil Gulecha: 
You keep saying that we should look at music and artist management as one vertical, and we 
will do that going ahead, but we can't look at it this quarter because there was no artist 
management in quarter 1 of FY '24. So, for a like-by-like comparison, we have to look at the 
music revenue and, it just feels like the music licensing revenue by itself, like excluding artist 
management, which is an inorganic acquisition. The music licensing revenue by itself has not 
really grown this quarter. Why is that happening? 
Vikram Mehra: 
I've clarified it. I'll again repeat all these 3 things. It's not an apple-to-apple comparison if you 
don't do artist management combination because artist management not only include the artists 
which are part of Pocket Aces( which is the inorganic acquisition).  but also includes the artists, 
which are Saregama artists, which was part of the revenue in the same quarter last year. That's 
one. 
 
Second, this music revenue, what you are seeing includes Carvaan also, which has shown a 
decent decline during this quarter on a year-on-year basis. These both are more accounting issues 
right now than anything else.  
The third part  -- I said this in my opening statement,-last year, 2 of the platforms which have 
now moved from free to pay were still free, and we had accounted for the minimum guaranteed 
revenue in that quarter. Those  platforms in Q2 onwards completely moved behind the paywall 
and the revenues have come down dramatically. We saw the impact of that in Q2, Q3, Q4 FY 
'24, and as stated, have also been seen in quarter 1 of FY '25. It's only from Q2 onwards, that 
impact will completely go away. 
Akhil Gulecha: 
Okay. It's largely because of the shift from free to paid. So, you think for the next quarter, that 
should go away. Music licensing by itself should be on track for 25%, 30% growth. 
Vikram Mehra: 
From Q2 onwards, it's not even part of my denominator. 
Akhil Gulecha: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Divyanshu Mahawar from Dalal & Broacha 
Stock Broking Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Divyanshu Mahawar: 
I just wanted to know a broad industry question that, if say, let all these platforms move behind 
a paid wall, so what impact do you see in the piracy? And is there any change in the payback 
period happens if all these platform moves to a pay subscription model? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Okay. So let me answer your first one. Let's talk about markets like Bombay, Delhi, Kolkata and 
Chennai. If you move everything to pay, and somebody wants to say, okay, I don't want to listen 
to paid content neither do I want to go to YouTube, where will they go? 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
If you ask a random person today, they don't even know where to get pirated music any longer. 
Piracy in the larger cities is dying on the music side. Smaller towns, it's still there, but it's a 
different kind of piracy whereby the local telecom guy or somebody side loaded some pirated 
music on to your phone. That is still existing, it's not dead yet. 
But in the larger cities and towns, the piracy has come down. We are reasonably confident that 
if we  move everybody from  free to a paid, currently, you have about 185 million to 200 million 
monthly active users on the free side. Some of them -- they'll move to YouTube, some of them 
even do side loading. Our  belief is that at least 50 million of those people in the first 12 to 18 
months itself are going to move towards the paid side. 
Now on the paid side, let's understand how does the math work. Our deals with all the paid 
platforms are like this: whatever money they make from the customer, say they make INR100 
per month for the sake of simplicity. We will get on an average 50% of that money as content 
pool. That means platform made INR100, INR50, he is going to keep, INR50 it'll give to the 
content guys, which will get divided equally across all the songs heard during the month. 
If the person is a heavy listener, listens to 100 songs in a month, still every song is now going to 
be worth INR0.50. Today, on an average on the free side, we end up making close to INR0.10. 
And you may go back and say, okay, he is not a INR100 customer, he is a INR50 customer, still 
we make INR0.25. 
So yes, the realization that all of us as an industry are going to make is going to improve 
significantly as we move towards paid side. All you need to do is to look at some of the global 
music labels to understand the impact of paid subscription on the financial health of the music 
labels. 
Divyanshu Mahawar: 
And second question is, sir, that is are you looking that government is taking a step towards 
piracy issue? And how do you see this subscription movie going forward in coming years? 
Means, is it implementing on the ground level? 
Vikram Mehra: 
We at the industry body, which is called IMI, work very closely both with the state and the 
central government to bring down piracy. There is a very strong conviction at the government 
level to kill this concept of piracy and get everything on the legitimate side, not just on the music, 
but even on the film side. Even judiciary is very actively helping us out as content IP owners to 
help  control piracy and put the people who are indulging in it behind bars. 
 
Other part, remember,  our biggest saviour on top of it, is technology. If I ask you, you or your 
family, how do you guys watch and listen to anything, even with video? Chances are it will be 
an app on your mobile phone or an app on your smart television. Very few people these days 
consume content through browser. In the app world, technology allows us to find out very fast 
that an app is infringing on our content and giving our content without taking license, . All we 
need is to reach out to Google or Apple and seek their help to take actions against the app. And 
both are very proactive and helpful in this space. 
Divyanshu Mahawar: 
Thank you sir. 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Kumar Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, operational costs, do you include content cost, contract manufacturing charges, cost of 
production of film. This cost at higher side, INR68 crores in this quarter. What is extraordinary 
expenditure? 
Pankaj Chaturvedi: 
We have the release of films. We have events. We have music also, which is on the higher side. 
Everything in revenue, which is on the higher side will have a higher operational cost. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. And this segment revenue ended, video, by INR46.53 crores revenue. So, what is not able 
to gain anything material from this video, what is this? 
Vikram Mehra: 
As I said, on the video side, we are still in the early stages. We have -- to give you comfort once 
again, on the capital allocation policy, there's a very strict guideline we all abide by, which is 
not more than 18% of the total capital allocated will ever go towards the films, series or video  
segment of ours. 
 
Within that, we hope that in the next 12 to 18 months, we will reach a situation whereby we 
should be able to generate 8% to 10% margins and a much higher IRR because most of the times 
when we are working in this space, that capital has actually come from somewhere else, and we 
don't end up putting all the capital as our own capital. That's what the endeavour is on the video 
side, sir. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And sir, now we reached 70-plus films in our database. So, what is your experience, which you 
want to share with us now? 70-plus films we are having in our database. 
Vikram Mehra: 
As we  go forward , future strategy remains that we will be investing only in regional cinema. 
We are not making direct to digital films. We make only regional films that can be taken to 
theatre. The financial discipline is that 70% of the cost of production should get recovered before 
the release of the film by licensing the TV and the digital rights of the film. 
 
The music that we end up getting out here we have far better control and hence, we get higher 
ROI there, which are sitting  on the music side. On the video and on the serial side, we continue 
with our strategy at Pocket Aces that we will make content only once we have a pre-licensing or 
a pre-commissioning from any of the bigger digital platforms. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Right. And sir, lastly, Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahaani movie, we are -- anyone made, and we 
have attached with that movie. Any such -- in future, we repeat the same performance? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Just for your information at this juncture, along with Rocky Rani, there was one more movie 
called Zara Hatke Zara Bachke. Zara Hatke Zara Bachke has done even better than Rocky and 
Rani in a relative sense because it was a cheaper movie. And Bad Newz, which is the movie just 
got released, this is the first movie whose song has remained a number 1 position both on Spotify 
and YouTube for 29 days globally.  

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Yes, our performance may not be Rocky Rani because it's better than Rocky Rani. We are very 
proud of Rocky Rani and Bad Newz is also from Dharma. You will continue seeing good 
selection of very big movies, more importantly, movies whose music has a lot of potential to go 
out and survive. Kalki is another very good example. Kalki has done  very well in theatres -- the 
biggest movie of the year. And the music was ours and music has also done very well. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Right. And you are doing very hard work. We wish all the best, sir. 
Vikram Mehra: 
Sir, I keep on repeating this and I want to say to everyone, listen we have an option to look at 
only a short-term profit strategy versus preparing this company for 20, 30 years down the line. 
We are very clear, while we keep an eye on today's profit, yet we are actually  preparing this 
company for tomorrow. 
Ravi Naredi: 
That I agree. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Advant from Prad Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Advant: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I've understood your guidance up to the adjusted EBITDA 
level. We know that on the content charging cost which was INR86 crores in FY '24. Can you 
broadly guide us on based on the acquisition that you plan in this year, what would that content 
charging cost be in FY '25? 
Vikram Mehra: 
The content charge will be pretty high in FY '25 because the total amount of content investment 
we are doing in FY '25 is going to be 50% higher than what we did in FY '24. So that's will 
straightaway have a large enough impact coming on content charge-off. 
Rohan Advant: 
So, at those PBT level, do you expect to grow in FY '25? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Sir, the growth will be there, but the growth is going to be much lower than the growth which is 
coming in revenue. As we are starting this process of doing large investments in content, for the 
next 18 months or so( that is 6 quarters), you will have the situation where the revenue will grow 
at a steep enough pace, but PBT is not going to grow at the same pace. But -- after that, PBT 
growth is going to become much faster. We are confident that on a 3-3.5year basis, we should 
be able to double the PBT that we wrote in FY '24. 
Rohan Advant: 
Got it. And sir, secondly, on the paid versus free. If you look at Jio and Wynk, which are owned 
by telecom operators, where they bundle their offering, do you think they're ever going to get -- 
turn paid? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Sir, you said in Jio and Wynk case, what? I'm not clear about... 
Rohan Advant: 
They're owned by telecom operators, right, which where they would be bundling their services 
with other offerings, right? So, I mean, does it make sense for them, I'd say, unlike a Spotify, 
like does it make even sense for them to turn paid or they are likely to remain free forever from 
a customer's perspective because it's bundled with some other services? 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Vikram Mehra: 
The question is, are they ready to go back and keep on incurring large losses on this particular 
app. There may be other things that they can bundle, content is not cheap. I am reasonably 
confident that all these concerned people are smart businessmen. Also remember, when you are 
streaming a song, the amount of data consumption that happens is not very high, it's not video. 
It's audio at the end of the day. 
 
The benefit they may end up getting  -- on the data consumption side is there, but it's limited. I'd 
like to believe that the telecom-led OTT platforms are also going to make a move to paid and 
you are looking at around an18 months to 24 months maximum. All the  3 big platforms would 
also be moving behind the paywall. There is already a lot more work happening in this space 
than a year before. And we are seeing that impact  on the subscription revenue. The base is very 
small. The percentage of growth looks very, very big. But for me it’s akin to seeing green leaves 
after rain, it's that stage. I'm very confident that we'll have a large subscription fee growing there. 
Rohan Advant: 
Understood. Thanks for taking my question and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Govindarajan C from CSIM. Please go ahead. 
Govindarajan C: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question, I mean this has been asked many times on this call on the 
Music segment. See we have three sub segments in music, the licensing to OTTs, the artist 
management and Carvaan. The artist management is a relatively new one. Last year, you did 
INR20 crores, of which INR13 crores in the fourth quarter. It's very hard for us to make any 
sense of how this year is going to be. If it suddenly comes into revenue base, and we have no 
idea of what the seasonality of the business is, how much of the growth from music, you've 
guided 25% growth.  
But would it all come from artist management because it's a very, very different margin profile. 
And I think that's the reason people are asking again and again, right? That licensing is a very 
high-margin business. Artist management is mid. You're seeing single digits, Carvaan is 
probably breakeven... 
Vikram Mehra: 
Margin profile of the music vertical at the gross margin level is not going to change. 
Govindarajan C: 
Yes. But I mean, we would still -- it will still be useful if you tell us, a, how music licensing -- 
pure music licensing grew in the first quarter. And how you expect that to grow in the full year? 
Vikram Mehra: 
It will be unfair on my part to start getting into a quarter part. Our artist management vertical 
always will be a very small subset of the music licensing business. I can do artist management 
vertical only in non-film music. Non-film music itself is a small vertical. Film music, which is 
a lion's share of my music business today , there's no concept of artist management because I 
can't plug in my own artist there. Majority will continue coming out  from the pure licensing 
business alone. 
 
Carvaan will degrow. So, on an overall basis, the margin profile is not going to change here. 
You are looking at between licensing and artist management, the combined number growing at 
26% year-on-year. Unfortunately, beyond that, it's just too much of detailing, and I can't put that 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
out in the market yet. You will start seeing  these numbers panning out. I'm also maintaining our 
guidance of adjusted EBITDA at 32% to 33%. I'm not changing that at all. 
Govindarajan C: 
Okay. One small clarification, you did INR16 crores of revenue from artist management in the 
first quarter. Will the quarterly run rate broadly be similar or is there a lot of seasonality? 
Vikram Mehra: 
No. In artist management, there is not that much a seasonality. So Q3, Q4 will be higher, but the 
seasonality -- because it's not directly only advertising-dependent,  is far less out here than 
compared to the hardcore music business where we get a share of advertising money from 
platforms which is completely seasonal in nature. 
Govindarajan C: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
My question, sir, on the edited song side that now a lot of influencers and brands are using the 
song for the promotion on YouTube as well as on the Meta edited version. So how we realize 
the revenue of that song? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Ma'am two things. One, if a brand is using our music to promote any commercial interest of 
theirs, they have to take a separate license. Over the last 3 to 5 years, we have invested a lot in 
technology, which allows us to track that on any of the social media platforms. If anybody is 
using  music or a derivative of that music, which means even if using in your voice, Husn Tera 
TaubaTauba of Bad Newz , our system will be able to catch it. And we pull down that post of 
the brand immediately and then pursue them legally to  take a license from us. . 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, last one more question. A lot of blockbuster movies are there in FY '25 and 
recovery in Hollywood. We are expecting a better year for Saregama? 
Vikram Mehra: 
Ma'am -- we have never grown our top line by 30% year-on-year. This year, we have already 
projected a 30% growth year-on-year. Our revenue is going to grow significantly. The profits 
we are going to make , we will ensure that we invest those profits in picking up newer, successful 
and popular content. So that it's not just 1-year growth story, but it's a multiyear growth story. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Vikram Mehra: 
Thank you. I'll just reiterate, please always look our numbers on a 12-month basis. We have 
started an ambitious journey to start investing in new content in a very aggressive fashion. Many 
of you will recollect Saregama had not invested and/or picked up any new content in the first 
18, 20 years of this century. This journey started only 4, 5 years ago where we came back into 
new music. 
 
We want to ensure that today if we are making a lot of profits, it is because we invested in content 
of 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s and we'll repeat that. So that when we are in 2040 or 2050, we are still the 

 
 
Saregama India Limited
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
number one company. Secondly, subscription in music side is coming, subscription on video 
side is going to become even more prominent as has happened in every other part of the world. 
That's the time that the people who have got the highest quality IP content whether on the audio 
side or the video side they are the ones  who're going to benefit a lot. 
 
We will continue our journey  of building and growing this company at an astronomical rate 
whilst also keeping an eye that the profits need to be maintained. There will be first 12 to 18 
months, where profits may not grow at the pace at which top line is growing. But post that, 
profits will start growing at the same pace and eventually start exceeding the rate at which 
revenue is growing. Thank you and we expect all help and support and your blessings on this. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
