 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  SEC/0608/2024 
 
 
     By E-Filing  
 
    
 
 August 6, 2024 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
BSE Limited       
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 532259      
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Investors Conference Call made on Un-audited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of APAR Industries Limited  
(the Company) for Q1FY25.  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable Regulations, 
if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”),  
as amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Kindly refer our letter no. SEC/3007/2024 dated July 30, 2024 w.r.t. submission of link of Audio 
Recording of post Investors Conference Call made on Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone 
& Consolidated) of the Company for Q1FY25. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting 
herewith the transcript of the Investors Conference Call made on July 30, 2024 on the Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q1FY25.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanjaya Kunder) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
SANJAY
A RAJU 
KUNDER
Digitally signed by SANJAYA RAJU 
KUNDER 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=7428, 
pseudonym=9fdeb5687d624d869f0
90b9361568600, 
2.5.4.20=e1e7d44fe70d01431f3f8f9f
bc5d579df83d4f144d97b964a056b
828176242b3, postalCode=400083, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0cc5c938eb4e54110
332d07255e723e3bd1a6849c5d87c
4f34e5bec3533aa715, cn=SANJAYA 
RAJU KUNDER 
Date: 2024.08.06 12:08:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – APAR 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMBESH TIWARI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the APAR Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial Technologies. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ambesh Tiwari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. I welcome you all to the Q1 FY '25 Earnings Call for APAR Industries. 
To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have from the management 
side, Mr. Kushal Desai, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai, 
Managing Director and the CFO, Mr. Ramesh Iyer. 
I would now pass on the mic to Mr. Kushal Desai for the opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Thank you, Ambesh. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the APAR 
Industries Q1 FY '25 Earnings Call. I would like to start by giving a quick overview 
of our performance and then follow it up with a short industry update. We can then 
get into more details on the segmental performance and then finally end by opening 
up the floor to questions. 
 
So, for Q1 FY '25, the consolidated revenue came in at INR4,011 crores, which is 
up 6.5% year-on-year. The domestic business actually grew by 43.4% versus last 
year. The export revenue degrew by 25.9%, essentially due to the high base of US 
revenues in Q1 FY '24. Export shipments across all 3 divisions were affected from 
the 10th of June onwards due to a sudden issue with containers, ships and freight, 
resulting in lower dispatches, especially on the FOB shipments where customers 
were to put up their containers. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
 
The EBITDA is up 6.8% year-on-year to reach INR394 crores with a 9.8% margin. 
Profit after tax came in at INR203 crores, which is up 2.6% year-on-year and is 5.1% 
in terms of margin.  
In terms of key industry highlights: Data from the Central Electricity Authority reveals 
that the total transformation capacity added during June stood at 4,035 MVA. On a 
quarterly basis, the transformation capacity added during FY '24, '25 is expected to 
be 10,260 MVA. 
 
Looking ahead, India is likely to witness a record increase in transformation capacity 
addition. As for the CEA, the current fiscal year FY '25, which is from 1st April '24 
to 31st March '25, is expected to see as much as 1,16,490 MVA of substation 
capacity coming on stream. If this materializes, it would be by far the highest 
substation capacity addition in any year compared to the previous 5 years. In fact, it 
would be fair to assume that this would be the highest transformation capacity 
commission in any financial year historically in India. 
 
On the transmission line addition: During Q1, April to June of FY '25, the CEA 
reported that 973 circuit kilometers of transmission lines were commissioned, which 
is representing only 16.7% of what has been targeted in this year, which is 5,839 
circuit kilometers. 
 
The state utilities were the main contributors, but fell short of expectations, adding 
just 921 circuit kilometers out of a planned 4,494 circuit kilometers, achieving only 
20% of their target. Finalization of tenders were delayed due to national elections 
and elections in some of the states.  
In terms of the renewable energy sector, the country has made significant progress 
with increase in the installed capacity going up by more than twice in the last 8 years. 
As of the end of June 2024, the total renewable energy capacity stands at 195 
gigawatts, of which 85.47 gigawatts comes from solar, 46.7 gigawatts come from 
wind. The total capacity under pipeline, which is being added, is 134.85 gigawatts, 
with 85 gigawatts coming from solar and 30 gigawatts coming from the wind side. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
I would like to also now get into more details in terms of the individual business 
segments and their performance. Our conductor business revenue in Q1 FY '25 
grew by 9.1% year-on-year to reach INR1,936 crores, with a volume growth of 6.7% 
in the quarter. Export revenue contributing to 29.5% of the division's overall 
revenues versus 52.4% in Q1 of last year. The exports were down versus last year 
due to delays in regulatory approvals in competition and then as I mentioned earlier 
in the call, due to container availability, which created delivery challenges for export 
shipments. The premium products contributed to 37.1% of the revenue mix. EBITDA 
per metric tonne post-forex adjustment came in at INR38,532 per tonne. On the 
back of execution of higher-margin product orders, especially with a higher amount 
of HTLS conductors getting executed in that period. Under the conventional 
conductors, the more premium variety of AL-59 continues to replace gradually the 
entire quantity of ACSR. Overall, our order book is at INR6,725 crores, with 
premium products contributing towards 41% of the order book. There was a new 
order inflow in the quarter of INR1,794 crores. 
 
Coming to the oil division. Q1 FY '25 revenues came in at INR1,265 crores, which 
is 6.1% higher than a year ago. The volumes grew by 5.9% in the quarter. Global 
transformer oil volumes grew by 20% over the last year, driven by strong demand 
and a gain in market share globally. Exports contributed towards 45% of the oil 
division. EBITDA post forex adjustment came in at INR6,935 per KL, which is 15% 
higher than last year. The automotive oil volumes recorded a strong growth of 29% 
year-on-year and the industrial lubricants business grew by 7.6%. 
 
Coming to our cable business. We saw revenue growth of 7.8% versus last year. If 
you exclude US revenues, ex  U.S. revenues, we grew by 23.9%. The domestic 
revenue grew by actually 48.4% year-on-year, and export degrew by 30.5%. The 
export mix currently stands at 33.2%. Export is lower than last year due to the higher 
base of U.S. sales in Q1 FY '24. The EBITDA margin came in at 10.3% in Q1, which 
is down 110 basis points versus last year. And this, we can attribute to lower level of 
exports as well as a geographic mix. The overall order book came in at INR1,571 
crores. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
 
In conclusion, the global supply chain continues to be a bit challenging, as delivery 
shipments were affected in June due to container availability tightness. If you look at 
the total exports that got postponed across the 3 divisions, it is in excess of INR270 
crores. Also, demand from the U.S. and Europe has been affected to some extent 
due to delays in regulatory clearances, especially on transmission line. 
 
We have been seeing an increased level of inquiries from the Western nations 
recently and are hopeful for a further acceleration towards the second half of the 
year. The macro environment otherwise looks positive with the thrust on renewable 
energy capacity additions, transmission line sector expansions and we continue to 
remain buoyant on the robust growth drivers that should help create more value for 
our stakeholders. 
 
Chinese competition, however, has increased considerably, especially in areas 
where there are no barriers to entry for Chinese products. Due to predatory pricing, 
however, duty on Chinese goods which include aluminum conductors and cables 
have been increased by up to 25% further in the U.S. This will likely make Indian-
origin goods more favourably positioned in the U.S. market and that's the reason 
why we have an optimism that business will grow in the second half of this year 
continuing into the next financial year. 
 
We have a very detailed corporate presentation on the company profile and 
performance that has already been uploaded on our website and we would 
encourage everyone to please access the same and go through it. 
 
So, with this, I'd like to come to the end of my comments and open up the floor to 
questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Maulik Patel: 
Kushal bhai, a couple of questions. One on the conductor side. We are hearing that 
some of this player like KEC and the Diamond Power, they have started also the 
conductor manufacturing capability or about to start the manufacturing capability. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Are we going to see a significant market? And if they're coming up with the new 
capacity, how long it generally takes for the new entity to take an approval from the 
relevant authorities, like PGCIL or if they're trying to get an export in U.S., how many 
months it generally takes to get an approval? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, companies like KEC, who are EPC companies, they will be more catering to the 
internal requirements because there will be a conflict of interest with other EPC 
companies. So, it's not likely that they will be actually upsetting the marketplace. 
With regard to Diamond Cable, also, they are somewhat connected to Adani in some 
ways. So there also, it may be more gearing up for the Adani-type requirements, 
which is a developer. So here again, there will be a conflict of interest with other 
developers. This is our perspective. 
 
In terms of the barriers to entry, the product, which is now being used in India, 
which is AL-59, is not an easy product to manufacture for a new entrant. So, it is 
possible that some of these companies may actually start off with the conventional 
ACSR conductors and it may take some time for them to actually qualify and make 
the product as per the requirement of PGCIL and other customers. 
 
And in the export market, it's not just a question of price, which wins the business, 
it is also a combination of reliability, past records of how much business has been 
successfully done in that geography. So, to make this kind of inroads, we had to take 
several decades. So, I believe it may be equally difficult for new entrants and 
especially when the existing entrants are well sort of in the entrenched. 
 
So, it's difficult for a new party to get space to enter into that market. But a lot of 
these foreign utilities and foreign customers, they are not just looking for the lowest 
initial cost. They look at the total cost of ownership and they are ensuring that their 
project is not getting delayed or there is no problem on the quality as they execute 
the contract. So, their philosophy is quite different from our Indian utilities. 
Maulik Patel: 
Also, they look at ESG compliant also where you have the significant investment in 
the past, right, in terms of an ESG compliant? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes, especially in Europe, we are seeing a lot of that. 
Maulik Patel: 
Your inflow was one of the lowest. Is that because of the election that's been a 
decline in the new order inflow? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Part of it was on account of the code of conduct, especially where we are directly 
dealing with the utility. There is also previous quarter where we had a good inflow 
of orders and we have certain commitments for supply. So, although we could have 
taken on more business, but some of the clients are looking for deliveries which are 
clashing with our existing commitments. So, we have not overcommitted by taking 
on those orders and then not being able to supply those volumes. 
Kushal Desai:  
But Maulik, on a half year basis, you're looking at almost INR5,000 crores if you 
had to, there was more finalization that took place in the Q4 and then because of 
the elections and the state electricity boards are actually been running a little bit 
behind us, it was mentioned in the opening remarks. Our sense is that the domestic 
market otherwise is fairly strong. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
There has been some impact on the export as was explained in our opening 
comments that because of the logistics disruption, the inflow of business from the 
export markets has been somewhat disturbed. Besides our actual dispatches, which 
got affected also inflow of new orders in certain export markets has got somewhat 
impacted because clients are hoping that once this 1st September starts, then the 
situation should start normalizing and container availability should start coming back 
into the stream because the extra duties will start kicking in of Chinese goods to the 
U.S. market from 1st September. So currently, there is a rush to supply all the goods 
to the U.S. market before 31st August. So, it's a combination of these factors also. 
Maulik Patel: 
You mentioned that the duty has been increased from what percent to what 
percentage? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Chinese products into the U.S. from 35% close to 60%-plus. 
Maulik Patel: 
Applicable to both conductor and cable or only conductor? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So, it's conductor -- aluminum-based products are included in that, but the total range 
of products is going into many categories, including a whole lot of gears it goes into 
your photovoltaic cells, etcetera, etcetera. And the increases have been between 20-
25 percentage points. 
Maulik Patel: 
Kushal bhai, you've been highlighting about this slowdown in the U.S. market from 
a cable perspective, there has been an inventory rationalization, which I think was 
taking place since last couple of quarters, have we seen the bottom of that? 
Kushal Desai: 
I think so because our inquiry rates have substantially increased. And even the order 
inflow has started increasing. So, when you are looking at this first quarter versus 
first quarter of last year, first quarter of last year was still at a fairly high level. But the 
shipments to the U.S. in spite of this problem which having happened is still higher 
compared to the previous quarter. So, I think it has already bottomed out, very clearly 
bottomed out, and shipments and inquiry levels have started increasing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Congratulations for the good set. First question on the volumes. So, you did highlight 
it on the export front the contribution this time was about 30% and last year and from 
recent past, the contribution was, especially in conductor used to be 40% to 50%. 
So, underlying the challenges which you highlighted now, what are the volume 
expectations? 
 
And second thing, I wanted to understand on the regulatory delays, which you have 
highlighted, if you could elaborate more? Is it because of the elections or any other 
factor which is there in exports, U.S. exports? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, on the regulatory front, the foreign regulatory bodies are more demanding, and 
there are a lot of more procedure for their various permissions compared to our 
Indian counterparts. So, to get the project clearances itself takes many years. So, 
these are some of the things which have affected some of the projects. And in 
addition to that, the higher interest rates also have sort of forced some of these 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
projects to get little postponed in terms of the implementation in these foreign 
countries, that is what we were meaning when we said about the regulatory delays. 
 
And with regard to the future quarters, this Q2, which we are currently in, that is 
also obviously somewhat impacted because of the logistics disruption. And we are 
hoping that from Q3 onwards, things should normalize. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right, so are we expecting that the contribution will again come back to a higher 
level of 40% from exports? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. See, the mix will be better. What we are also doing is that our product peaks 
we are improving, as we have been mentioning from the earlier quarters, the ACSR-
type conductors are being replaced with AL-59 conductor. So even though they are 
conventional conductors, they are having a better margin than the ACSR conductors. 
 
Similarly, within the premium product portfolio also, we have better margin products 
in terms of CTC conductors having a better -- higher share than PICC conductor. So, 
we're trying to optimize the better product mix, high margin mix within each 
category, and that is the reason we are getting a better EBITDA margin on a per 
metric tonne basis. 
 
Now it really depends on the kind of orders and projects that get executed during 
the quarter. So, you may see the EBITDA margins moving in that direction, 
depending on the overall premium mix as well as premium mix within each category. 
But for the full year basis, we are expecting about volume growth to be anywhere 
between 10-15 percentage. 
Amit Anwani: 
And are we revising EBITDA per tonne? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Sorry? 
Amit Anwani: 
Are we revising EBITDA per tonne this quarter. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, so we go with our annual guidance that we have shared last time. But we have 
been working on improving the product mix. So, depending on what we've executed 
in the quarter, your EBITDA margin will improve there. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. And on the oil business, we did highlight that the global transformer oil 
volume have gone up by 20%. Is it for APAR. And if so, then I think the overall oil 
volumes has been 6.7%, is it affected by other verticals and transformer is doing 
great, if you could explain more? And then if that is the case, what is the outlook for 
the oil business with respect to EBITDA per KL and volumes in the coming quarters? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the transformer oil, the 20% growth has been -- is specific to APAR. The market 
is not growing at 20% a year. But as the Indian market is probably growing close to 
about 8% to 10%, and the overseas markets are growing at around 6%, 7% a year, 
depending on which geography one is looking at. We have been gaining market 
share in several countries, which is why the figure of 20% with respect to APAR. As 
far as the product verticals are concerned, transformer oil, which is a target vertical 
for us to grow has shown these numbers of 20% growth. 
 
Similarly, if you take the lubricant business, both the automotive and industrial also 
have grown. What has degrown for us is the process oil business and the white oil 
business, both of which actually carry a lower margin profile. And the main reason 
for the white oil business being lower is the foreign exchange issues that are existing 
in Africa as well as the higher logistics costs, shipping from India into Latin America 
and a few of these other markets, which typically we have been doing a good amount 
of white oil business. 
 
So that's the reason why you've seen transformer oil at 20% and the lubricant mix, 
also double-digit growth, but overall growth at around 6%. But because the more 
profitable product line has grown, you see an overall increase of almost 15% in the 
EBITDA quarter-on-quarter. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Lastly, sir, on Cables business. So, this quarter, we did about 7.8% top line 
growth. So, with the comeback in the exports business, are we still guiding more 
than 20% growth for the Cables business and similar kind of margins, 10.5% to 11%, 
11.5%? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. margins are likely to be in the range of 10-12 percentage. And overall, value 
also, we are looking at about 25 percentage growth on an annual basis. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Amit Anwani: 
And this is primarily when the U.S. comes back? Or again, this business is displaying 
much faster growth in domestic market, any colour on the domestic market with 
respect to optic fiber and low-duty cable, how the growth and contribution is 
happening from all the fast-growing businesses in Cables? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So domestic business is showing very strong growth. If you see even this quarter, 
domestic business has grown by more than 40 percentage. Of course, 25 
percentage, we are assuming that U.S. also comes back. Our domestic business 
looks strong. Our LDC business has also grown 50 percentage in this quarter to 
about INR70 crores in this quarter. So apart from that, all the other verticals on 
domestic took strong growth in this quarter. 
Amit Anwani: 
How was the elastomeric cable growth? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Elastomeric cable was over 15%... 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the renewable energy side actually has grown even more, which is the solar 
cable side. The supplies that went into the railways and defence, the growth was a 
little bit lower, but that also is picking up. From this quarter onwards, quite a lot of 
railway orders, et cetera, coming in. So overall, domestic growth is fairly strong. 
And as the inquiry levels have increased, even the order conversions have improved 
with the U.S. So, our sense is that you'll see both export business going up and the 
domestic business going up. 
 
So, by the half year, we will know better in terms of how much this export logistics 
is actually affecting shipments. But otherwise, if you take our view in terms of for the 
year and then going forward, none of the critical growth drivers seem to have got 
adjusted in the wrong direction. They're all still positive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Solutions. Please go 
ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Sir, my first question is in terms of railway. So, in the budget also the electrification 
numbers have reduced. And I think we are on track for the target of around 80% to 
90% electrification. So, going forward, what kind of railway orders are we seeing? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the railway electrification side has already, as you said, 90% is already done. 
The inflow of orders for copper conductors is down. However, for certain special 
copper alloys that business has started for the higher-speed trains. But the growth 
which we have seen that I was referring to previously is fundamentally with respect 
to the cables that are going into the trains for the locomotives as well as for the 
coaches. 
 
So that part of the railway business has been continuing to grow. We are the major 
supplier into the Vande Bharat train. And as the manufacturing and execution of that 
is increasing, ours supplies to the railways is also increase. However, what is 
compensating the conductor business for a reduction in copper conductors to the 
railways, we have seen a major jump in our copper transport conductors going into 
the transformer side of the business. 
 
I think in the last earnings call also; we had mentioned that all transformers which 
have more than 400 amperes of current coming out of them have been mandated 
by CEA to have the copper transpose conductor. So that's one major area of growth. 
The second area where we've seen growth happening is in the busbar. So, these 
busbars are also increasingly being used, especially in high-rise buildings and larger 
complexes, which is a norm in India. So, between these 2, it's compensating for any 
reduction that's been there on the railway conductor side. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. And my second question is a lot of players who are basically forward 
integrated toward using conductors and to the T&D space, a few of them have started 
their own conducting facility because there was serious shortage previously. So, do 
you see the competition increasing or are target area decreasing? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, I think we've addressed the same question. Fundamentally, KEC has put in 
specific conductor capacity, and that will probably come into -- so there another 6 
months-or-so. So, in fact, it may be a backward integration for them to some extent. 
However, as Chaitanya-bhai mentioned that the base conductor today has moved to 
AL-59, which is not the simplest product to manufacture compared to ACSR. So, it 
has alloying and it has technology requirements attached to it. Besides that, they'll 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
have to get approval from Power Grid, which has won a significant number of new 
TBCB lines. That approval process is not a trivial process either. 
 
Also, the export side of the business requires a much, much longer approval cycle. 
So, we really don't see that upsetting the apple cart. In addition to that, why would 
another EPC player buy from competing EPC player. So, we -- I mean, yes, there 
would be a lower demand coming in from KEC, but I don't think that's necessarily 
going to affect the overall position that APAR has on the conductor side. 
Riya Mehta: 
And for the conductor, what percentage of the order book is currently coming from 
exports? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Exports, this quarter was less about -- exports in conductor is about 30 percentage, 
but earlier it used to be about 40-45 percentage. But this quarter has been 30 
percentage. 
Riya Mehta: 
This is as a percentage in order book, right? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
This is also for the quarter 1. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. For the Q1 order booking. 
Riya Mehta: 
And in terms of cables, U.S. would form around 50%, 60% of our exports mix. So, 
going forward, with domestic overcompensating for the lacklustre in U.S., what kind 
of growth do you see in other geographies in export market apart from U.S.? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we have, in fact, in the U.S., as far as the cable side is concerned, as I mentioned 
earlier, we have started seeing increased inquiry levels as well as an increased 
conversion. So, the order book for the cable side has already started growing. On 
the conductor side is what was being referred to that the -- some of these regulatory 
approvals are taking longer than had been indicated earlier. So, the conductor 
ordering from the U.S. has been a bit slower. The cable side has actually started 
growing. So, you would see a significantly higher amount of execution taking place 
of cable sales to the U.S. in the second half compared to the first half of this year 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
and even then comparing with the second half of last year. So, the trend is a clear 
upward trend. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, in recent past, there has been, I mean, the prices of copper and aluminum has 
dropped significantly. So, what impact this will have on us in coming quarters? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, copper and aluminum rates doesn't affect our margins because we run our full 
hedge book for all the orders that we have. The only impact possibly you could see 
is that the interest line item may go up or come down depending on our copper, 
aluminum going up or down, but that also is factored in the selling price of the 
product. So, at a net margin, we don't expect any significant impact of copper or 
aluminum price going up or down. 
Kushal Desai: 
Also, Mahesh, you do need to keep in mind that both copper and aluminum had 
shot up in the recent past, and then now have recorrected downwards, but they are 
still at a higher level than they were 1.5 months, 2 months. But then having said that, 
as Ramesh has mentioned, we run pretty much a hedge book. and the changes in 
the price of aluminum and copper eventually affect working capital or could affect 
future business given that the capex cost may go up for a particular project.  
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, some of our customers may before their deliveries, if they have not hedged, but 
it will not impact us directly. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Okay, sure. And sir, domestic side, the transmission capex seems to be very strong. 
This is indicated by Power Grid and all transmission companies. So, over the next 5 
to 7 years, do you think the domestic market could be much more, I mean, attractive 
for us compared to export? Or is it that both markets will be flourished for us? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes. In the medium to long term, we see both markets being strong. In the short 
term, the Indian market has actually done quite well, and it has helped us take care 
of the reduction in the export demand due to this logistics disruption issues.  

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Also, we tend to think that everything in India is very slow. But as APAR is executing 
in 140 countries around the world, actually, the speed with which Indian regulatory 
authorities have been acting on new transmission lines or new infrastructure is 
actually faster than pretty much most countries around the world. 
 
So that's the reason why in the shorter term, the U.S. regulatory clearances are taking 
a bit longer to come through, so somehow the demand has actually got pushed back 
because of that. But the Indian transmission line side should be looking up. If you 
see currently PGCIL's capex additions have been relatively low in the last quarter as 
they've reported in their financial numbers. But going forward, they won a number 
of lines. So, we see demand in the domestic side actually increasing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from Buglerock pms. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yes. My first question was on the 30% growth in auto industry or the auto volume. 
Have you added new OEMs, which is leading to such high growth? Because last 
year, we had a pretty flattish numbers and we're not seeing so much growth on the 
OEM side. So, what led to this high growth? What would be the mix of aftermarket 
versus OEM sales? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. So, this -- the growth has really come from the B2B side of the business, where 
the sale has come through B2B distributors, has come through OEMs and sales that 
have gone in directly into industries and end consumers. On the automotive side, 
besides these 3 channels, the OEM portion, APAR has actually gained market share 
or share of business from some of the existing OEMs. And that has also resulted in 
the higher numbers coming in on the automotive side. Some of the key OEMs that 
we service also had a quarter-on-quarter base effect. 
 
So, they bought a lower number of lubricants, especially for their SPD, spare parts 
division, in the same period previous year, and they bought a larger quantity in the 
current year. So it's a combination of a higher level of purchase higher share of 
business from existing OEMs and some new product lines being added to some of 
the OEMs, which we have completed all the R&D testing, et cetera, et cetera, and 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
have had acceptance for, which some of our competitors in the account haven't 
been able to cross that barrier yet. So, it's a combination of these things. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: But can we assume that it will over the year normalize to 4%, 5% or do you think its 
high momentum. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the OEM side we will see a double-digit growth over last year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. And one more question on this. We had this UAE facility. If we take out consol 
minus stand-alone revenue and EBITDA, we are not seeing much traction there. Can 
you give some thoughts on what is happening in UAE? And is it -- means, it should 
have more benefits of exporting as it is much more nearer to Europe and all those 
markets, especially on the oil's segment, what is happening there. 
Kushal Desai: 
So there has been -- if you see, there have actually been 2 adverse areas that have 
affected export coming out of the UAE, one which you probably know very clearly 
is the issues in the Red Sea because the proximity to the European markets to West 
Africa to all of these happens through the Red Sea. So, with the Red Sea pretty much 
closing down, freight rates have gone up both from here as well from the UAE. 
Secondly, a lot of export was happening from there into Africa. And with the foreign 
exchange issues on the white oil side, which I spoke about earlier, there has been 
some impact in the Middle East operations there. 
 
Having said that, the transformer oil side of the business continues to grow quite 
strongly over there. So, you will still see in this year a better performance coming 
out of even the Middle East operations as compared to the same period in the 
previous year. So, FY '25, we expect to do better than FY '24 in spite of these issues 
because the transformer oil side of the demand remains very strong even in the 
Middle East. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one more thing. Are we seeing delivery challenges only in conductor or with 
the transport challenges? And how is the situation in oils and wires? Because the 
rates you are saying have increased even for oil shipments. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Kushal Desai: 
No, so the logistics, meaning the export logistics or the freight has affected all the 
3 divisions. The number which we mentioned of INR270 crores of shipments having 
got stranded, which would have otherwise been planned for dispatches in Q1, are 
largely comprising of FOB shipments, where the client was supposed to actually 
provide for the logistics and the container costs. 
 
And this is something that we have been pushing for to isolate ourselves from the 
movement in the freight prices. So there is a challenge, which all our 3 divisions 
have faced and I think every exporter out of India has also faced because it just came 
in too fast and without adequate warning, a huge number of containers got diverted, 
many ships which we are supposed to call to India actually bypass India with empty 
containers and went straight to Chinese ports. 
 
But having said that, that the effect of this whole China piece is by very nature, likely 
to be short term because of the higher duties which are kicking in from first of 
September onwards. So Chinese manufacturers have kind of moved the inventory 
that they held into the U.S. market before the change in the duty structure happens. 
So yes, when you have a disruption like this, it takes a few months for it to get 
normalized, but it should get normalized. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And you said that in oils business, the transformer oil and auto oils have been doing 
better and they are the higher-margin products, do you think the mix of products for 
the year, means, '25-'26 would remain similar or do you think it will mean revert to 
backward historically it has been? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we will definitely see higher growth rate in both of these product lines, in 
transformer oil as well as in automotive oils. On the more commodity side, which is 
the technical grade white oils and some of the process oils which go into raw 
materials in the manufacturing goods, in fact, the margins have been very bad in 
that, in that area. So overall, you will have 2 positives and 2 negatives. But overall, 
the positive should outweigh the negatives. So, I think we will be able to meet the 
guidance or possibly achieve the guidance through the year. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And the capex, are we on time to complete all the capexs which we had committed 
in last year? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, on the capex front, we are progressing as per plan. The delivery cycles for 
critical equipment's have all been very long, and there have been further delays 
coming in delays as in, the longer lead time that has been indicated, but we have 
planned quite well to ensure that we spend the capex money keeping a buffer in 
terms of time. That is a reason why we've actually been accelerating some of this 
capex going in, and trying to build a buffer. So, we still should have most of the 
capex coming in within the indicated time frame. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Motwani from Tara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on the cables front. 
So, you mentioned that you are maintaining the guidance of 25% growth for FY '25. 
So, this is factoring in the slowness in Q2 that you mentioned, right, if I understand 
correctly? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. We expect that the demand from the U.S. coming up and we should be able to 
catch up with the growth numbers. So just assuming that not the export demand also 
completely comes up, that's where we expect 25% growth in the annual numbers. 
Mohit Motwani: 
And can you elaborate a bit on the competition that you're seeing in the cables 
segment? So, have you seen -- because some of your peers have also started 
exporting to the U.S., so have you seen any pressure on the market share or maybe 
pricing pressures, which could mean some negativity for the margin front? So, any 
colour on that you can share with us? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the U.S. imports nearly USD20 billion of cables in the year and the aggregate 
import from India of all the cable companies put together is -- last year's numbers 
were close to 400-odd million. So, the real competition is still not just from, 
necessarily from other Indian cable manufacturers, but is against imports that are 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
happening from China, from Southeast Asia, Middle East, Europe, Mexico, 
Colombia and some of the Latin American countries. 
 
So, I think the market is so large and the Indian share is so small that even though 
others may want to start exporting from India, other manufacturers, I think we still 
are quite focused in terms of the market and increasing our client base over there. 
So, we don't see the increased Indian competition has actually been the issue, the 
real issue will be whether we are able to compete against existing channels of supply 
into the U.S. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, on the gross margin front, I understand that you have a complete 
hedge book, so the movement in the copper and aluminum prices don't really affect 
them. But if I look at gross margin in this quarter versus the last year as well or in the 
previous quarter, so it has been down. So, can you give a sense on how does your 
gross margin move and how does it depend on these raw material prices? I know 
you hedge it, but just a little bit, if you can elaborate on that? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. This quarter, it has been down largely because export mix has also been less 
and the margin profile has been lower because the U.S. sales has been down and 
overall export mix has been less. So overall, we are looking at about 10% to 12% 
EBITDA margins. And once the scale of the business goes up, we can expect 
improvement in a few basis points due to your factory manufacturing overhead, 
conversion costs getting spread over a larger volume. 
 
But yes, if you theoretically put in the copper-aluminum going up as a percentage to 
sales, it may marginally come down because in this thing, you're looking at a 
percentage to sales. But as the scale improves, we also expect the cost to come 
down as well. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Okay. And right now, in terms of conductors in the domestic market for the Indian 
transmission lines. So, is it -- this is more of AL-59 conductor that is going into these 
transmission lines or is there more of any reconductoring that has started right now? 
If you can give a colour on that? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. No, it's primarily AL-59, the conventional product. But there is some HTLS or 
the reconductoring business also, which is going on. Which was mentioned in our 
remarks also that after this election is through, we expect now the momentum to pick 
up there. 
Mohit Motwani: 
Sure. And sir, this container availability issue that you spoke about for conductors, 
how long do you expect it to persist? I mean, I know you said that Q2 may be 
impacted. So, after that, do you expect this to normalize from Q3, the container 
availability issue? 
Kushal Desai: 
Container availability issue is not only the conductor division, it's across our 3 
divisions and across every single exporter from India. As I mentioned earlier, so I'm 
sure as you attend other companies' earnings calls and people who export, you will 
find that this has affected everybody. 
 
As I said, it's -- the duration by very nature is short term because of a lot of movement 
from China into the U.S. to beat that deadline. Now how long it will take for it to 
normalize? It will take a few months. I don't know whether it will be 3 months or 6 
months, but it will normalize because these containers, once the delivery happens, 
the U.S. will get destuffed and come back into circulation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukesh Patil, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukesh Patil: 
Just wanted to know cables and wire business volume growth for this quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Sorry, your question was not clear. Can you repeat? 
Mukesh Patil: 
What is the volume growth for cable business this quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, in the cable business, we don't report the volume numbers because there are a 
wide variety of different product sets. So here, we only report the value numbers. 
Kushal Desai: 
7.8% is the value mix. 
Mukesh Patil: 
Okay. And what is the capex plan for this year and next year? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Ramesh Iyer: 
We are looking at capex of about INR300 crores to INR350 crores in this financial 
year. 
Mukesh Patil: 
And next year? 
Kushal Desai: 
It should be in the similar range. 
Mukesh Patil: 
And it will be basically towards? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Largely towards the cable and the conductor division. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Patwa, Quest Investment Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Sir, I just wanted your thoughts on a medium-term volume outlook for transformer 
oil given the context of the increased investment in new power generation capacity 
as well as transmission, especially given the solar, which will require the increase in 
transmission line to much more extent versus thermal? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, as I mentioned earlier, Saurabh, we expect that there will be a good demand for 
transformer oil. There is a number of substate -- with every generating site, every 
renewable energy-generating site, a substation goes in to step up the power and 
then a substation is required to step it down. 
 
So, this entire renewable energy journey or transition that's happening is also 
becoming more substation intensive. And as a consequence, the value of 
transformers in the whole chain is also increasing. And that has a direct linear 
bearing on the demand for transformer oil. It also has a linear bearing in terms of 
the demand for copper transpose conductors or CTC conductors. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Right. And sir, out of the data center-led demand can impact, especially if the 
localization has to happen in India, will this drive another set of demand? 
Kushal Desai: 
Absolutely. Not only in India, but around the world. So, there are a number of global 
studies which are out there on data center addition, the highest which is happening 
in the United States, India is actually a distant like 6 or 7 at the moment. But these 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
data centers are extremely power intensive. If you take the data centers which are 
being added in Navi Mumbai alone, once this current set, which have been 
announced are added, we need in excess of 3,000 megawatts of power to service 
them. So, it is a single largest, it's like 75%, 80% of the operating costs. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Right. So, is the product requirements different in terms of transformer oil? 
Kushal Desai: 
No, no, no. So, see, the transformer oil will go into the transmission side of the 
system. If you're talking about liquid cooling, then for the data center. So that is still 
a category that is still being developed and is slowly increasing. There are standards 
which are slowly evolving in terms of data centers. And it would be a combination 
of using mineral oils and synthetic oils. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
I have one more question related to oil. So, you highlighted you've gained market 
share on export. So, is it from the local firms or is it -- are these global firms which 
you've taken market share or the local domestic players? 
Kushal Desai: 
From global firms. If you take share of export that's happening from India, anyway 
APAR has the lion's share of the export portion. So are really as new avenues have 
opened up, we've been able to pick up a larger share of the business, plus one of 
our competitors out of Europe, which was erstwhile the largest supplier of 
transformer oil, they've still been affected with financial problems and things. 
 
They're in a better situation than they were a couple of years ago, but not the kind 
of force to reckon with before. So, we've managed to gain shares. Most of our share 
gain has been in Southeast Asia, Australia, South Africa, Middle East. These are the 
regions where APAR has been strong and a fair amount of growth has also been 
happening. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Uttrani, IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Uttrani: 
Sir, could you just highlight like what would be the revenue contribution from ACCC 
conductors in our conductor division? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Chaitanya Desai: 
We don't have a specific breakup of that. But in the overall context, it is a very minor 
percentage of our conductor business. 
Gaurav Uttrani: 
Okay, sir. My point of asking this question is that CTC Global has added one other 
player in domestic market to supply these conductors. So are we expecting any 
decline in volumes or distribution of volumes between the two of... 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Well, actually, there is no net increase in the partners. There was one partner which 
currently has gone into NCLT. So, there's another one which has now come in place. 
So, we don't see much difference here in our future offtake. In fact, the overall pie 
of the market also is growing. So, we may not have a problem in any case, even if 
there are more players. 
Gaurav Uttrani: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, any ideal revenue share between domestic and export, which 
we're targeting going forward, like it would be 50-50 or 60-40 in terms of if you 
could highlight a directional sense in terms of exports, which we are seeing largely 
in conductors only? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes, in the past also, we have actually clarified that we are generally agnostic to 
where we sell. We try to optimize our net realization. Of course, current market in 
the export is somewhat affected and in India, there's a good offtake. But in the 
medium to longer term, I think it may be more like 50-50. As already explained, we 
anticipate growth both in the local market as well as in the international markets, 
both. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukesh Patil, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukesh Patil: 
Just want to know capacity utilization product wise for us? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Can you repeat? 
Mukesh Patil: 
Capacity utilization for cables, conductors and... 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Capacity, we are running over 90 percentage on our cables and conductor division. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Mukesh Patil: 
Okay. And what is the margin profile for our export business? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
There are multiple products which are there... 
Mukesh Patil: 
Specifically for export cables? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. Again, there are export products, there are multiple products. Overall, your 
EBITDA is in the range of 10 percentage. Exports typically are higher than the 
domestic margin, but because of multiple products involved, we don't give 
individual EBITDA margin for the division. 
Mukesh Patil: 
Okay. And are we -- so our domestic business are growing very fast in the last few 
quarters in cable business, so are we looking to increase our product portfolio? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Increase our, sorry, what? 
Mukesh Patil: 
Product portfolio. Are we increasing our product portfolio? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
We have a wide variety of products already in our in the current kitty. So -- and we 
are also looking at opportunities to increase the product portfolio wherever there is 
demand and products that are ancillary to the current portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
over the conference to Mr. Kushal Desai for closing comments. 
Kushal Desai: 
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining our Q1 FY '25 earnings 
call and thank you for your time and attention. Just in conclusion, I'd just like to 
reiterate that all the growth drivers that we've been talking about for the last couple 
of years, they remain intact. And in fact, our conviction in the growth continues to 
remain fairly strong. There have been a few factors that have disrupted in the short 
term, the latest of which has been container shipments going from China to the U.S. 
to beat a certain tariff deadline and then prior to that, the Red Sea kind of problem. 
 
But we feel that these are not going to remain forever. They will be overcome and 
the growth will continue. Fortunately, the backdrop of domestic demand continues 
to remain strong and the Indian market is maturing and premiumizing in terms of 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY 25 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
the requirements that they have in terms of the infrastructure within the country. So, 
we continue to remain reasonably optimistic and see a good growth profile in the 
medium to short term. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of APAR Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
