 
 
 
 
Date: August 10, 2024 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: SYRMA 
 
Department of Corporate Service 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543573 
 
Subject: Earnings Call transcript of the Investors Conference Call held for the Unaudited 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter ended June 
30, 2024. 
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript in respect to the Earning Conference Call on 
the Unaudited financial results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2024, held on Tuesday, August 6, 2024, at 10:30 AM (IST).  
 
The transcript of the conference call will also be accessed at the website of the Company at 
https://www.syrmasgs.com/investor-relations . 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
 
 
For Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
 
 
  
    
Komal Malik 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F6430 
Place:  Gurgaon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Komal 
Malik
Digitally signed by Komal Malik 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7041, 
2.5.4.20=3e8fa6985b3dd66edd2e0bb2ddd1
e850ab2f16ece9d3090638c7bacaf5f96033, 
postalCode=121001, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=87d2e458e0af9048e1576dba
78de477134ca756644dbf86c6fd01faf7a0b79
3e, cn=Komal Malik 
Date: 2024.08.10 14:29:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. S. GUJRAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SYRMA 
SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYESH DOSHI – DIRECTOR – SYRMA SGS 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. SATENDRA SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. BIJAY AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL GUPTA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Syrma SGS Technology Limited Q1 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call and hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, thanks, Neha. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q1 FY25 Results 
Conference Call of Syrma SGS Technology Limited. We have with us today Senior 
Management from the company. 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Nikhil Gupta, Head of Investor Relations, to introduce the 
management and take the call proceedings further. Thanks and over to you, Nikhil. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Yes, thank you, Aniruddha. Hi, very good morning to all. Welcome to Syrma SGS Q1 FY25 
Earnings Call. We have with us today Mr. J.S. Gujral, Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Doshi, 
Director; Mr. Satendra Singh, Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Bijay Agrawal, Chief Financial 
Officer, Syrma SGS to discuss the performance of the company during the first quarter of 
FY25, followed by a detailed question-and-answer session. 
During this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involves 
server risks, uncertainty assumptions and other factors that can cause results differed materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. Request is to kindly refer the disclaimer 
statements as presented in the earnings release for the same. 
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. J.S Gujral, Managing Director, Syrma SGS. Over to 
you. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Call of Syrma SGS 
Technology Limited. We have had a good quarter, Q1 of FY25, maintaining the growth tempo 
of the last year, we are happy to share that our sales grew by 92% year-on-year and for the 
second quarter in succession, we have crossed the INR1,000 crores sales mark. 
EBITDA for Q1 grew by 26% to INR54 crores. The first quarter saw subdued export sales, 
which stood at 16% of the total revenue from operations. We expect and are confident that the 
exports will pick up in the coming nine months and we would be seeing a 20% growth in the 
export sales. During the quarter, as explained in the earlier calls, we have achieved a gliding 
down of working capital to 62 days from the 70 days of last year. 
During the quarter, we generated positive operating cash flows. The order book as of 30th June 
2024 stood at a healthy INR4,500 plus crores and the order intake during this quarter was 
approximately INR1,200 crores. All our planned expansions are on schedule, and we expect 
our Medtech design Centre to go on stream later part of this month and our Pune campus to go 
on stream in Q3 of this year. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Now, doubling on the business front, the order intake is healthy, and we have received 
significant orders in smart metering. And in this year, we expect the smart metering business 
to contribute INR200 plus crores to our revenue. We have also received a sizable contract for 
design of medical devices from a global company, which would result in MedTech devices 
business going up in the coming years. 
The HVAC segment also continues to see strong traction with onboarding of a new 
multinational German client, where we have got the green go ahead for doing the sample series. 
We have on-boarded significant customers in auto segment and added new products in the auto 
vertical and this would continue to be one of the mainstays of the business of the company. 
Now, I hand over to Bijay Agrawal to dwell on the financials in detail. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Hi, good morning everyone. I will now quickly take you through our brief financial 
performance for the quarter Q1 FY25. Our consolidated total revenue for the quarter is 
INR1175 crores, up by 89% year on year and primarily the growth has been contributed by 
strong demand growth in the auto sector and the consumer segment. Consumer segment mainly 
led by high volume telecom business contributed 53% of my total operating revenue for the 
quarter. 
Our export revenue for the quarter is about INR180 odd crores, which is 16% of my total 
operating revenue. And same way, ODM revenue for the quarter is about 10% of the total 
revenue for the quarter. Our gross margin for the quarter is 16%, as against 18% last quarter, 
mainly on account of business mix change wherein the consumer business contributed higher 
on the mix side by about 53%. 
Our operating EBITDA for the quarter is INR53.8 crores, which is 4.6% as operating EBITDA 
margin. PBT for the quarter is INR29.5 crores and PAT for the quarter is INR20 crores, which 
is 1.7% of my total revenue. During the quarter, we have also received a Telecom PLI claim 
related to FY'23, which we have already accounted for on a net basis, which is approximately 
INR4 crores of benefit, and we are expecting another INR15-16 crores on a net basis during 
this financial year, which is related to FY'24 claim. 
Moving to working capital, with consistent focus on the working capital efficiency, we have 
been able to reduce our working capital investment from 70 days last quarter to 62 days in this 
quarter. There is a saving of about 8 days, and we still are focused to continue to further reduce 
it going forward during this year. 
Coming to our debt and treasury position, our total debt outstanding as of 30 June 2024 is about 
INR610 odd crores and we have a total treasury investment with us is about INR490 crores, 
which gives me a total net debt position of about INR120 crores as on quarter end, which is 
almost INR55 crores lower or maybe a reduction in the net debt from my last quarter position. 
This treasury balance also includes my unspent IPO proceeds of INR150 odd crores. Coming 
to capex, we have spent almost INR70-75 crores during this quarter, and we are expecting to 
spend another INR50-70 crores during this financial year. All these capex as our MD has 
already explained is going towards newly commissioning or under commissioning facilities in 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Pune and Stuttgart, Germany. Our ROCE for the quarter is 11% if we exclude the unutilized 
IPO proceeds and goodwill from the capital employed.  
Our open order book position is almost INR4500 crores as on June end and which comprises 
almost 23-25% from auto segment, near about 38-40% from consumer segment, 22-25% from 
industrial segment, about 6-7% from healthcare and balance from IT and railways business. 
Another update regarding merger of our subsidiaries, SGS Tekniks and SGS Infosystems into 
parent entity Syrma SGS, we have already received an order from NCLP for first motion and 
next steps are in process. We are expecting the merger to be concluded in another 6-9 months. 
We are confident to continue similar growth of 40-45% in the revenue and operating EBITDA 
delivery as guided previously also for about INR310-325 crores for the full year. We continue 
to focus further on the reduction of working capital, improving free cash flows for the full year 
and reduction in the net debt position for the company. 
With this, thank you very much. Now, I will hand over this call to Neha and Anirudh to open 
the forum for the questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
we have is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional Equity. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
I just wanted to understand the margins because if we remove the FX and the PLI benefit, then 
on an effective basis, the margins come to about 3.6% for the quarter. We are guiding to about 
7% for the full year. Obviously, we understand there will be some impact of Johari that will 
add up. But are you confident of 8% plus operating margins for the second half of the year or 
the remaining part of the year to get us to 7%? And what kind of gives us the confidence that 
this will flow through in terms of numbers? 
J.S. Gujral: 
You see, the margin is 4.6% and not 3.6% because PLI is part of the business. The very fact 
that we have taken the consumer business is because of the PLI. So, PLI is an integral part of 
the business and hence we include it in our business profitability and the guidance. 
Similarly, the forex exchange fluctuations are related to the purchase and sale and purely 
operational in nature. They are not related to the treasury incomes. Hence, we stand at 4.6% of 
the EBITDA margin in the current quarter. Going forward, based on the orders in hand which 
Bijay has just shared, the composition of the orders in hand and the sales mix, put together we 
are confident of achieving the earlier guided figure of INR315 crores, INR310 crores to 
INR320 crores of EBITDA. These may translate into 7.1 or 6.9 margin. That's the only thing. 
But we are confident of achieving that figure and a growth rate of 40%-45% over the FY '24 
period. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure. Just a follow-up on revenue, given that we are indicating 45% at the top end, would imply 
that this quarterly run rate continues for the next three quarters plus. Does that mean that 
deceleration in consumer business is partially offset by increase in healthcare? Does the 
consumer revenue flatten out or slightly decrease from these levels for the coming quarters? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, in the first quarter, the consumer business accounted for 53% of my revenue against the 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
guided figure of 40% for the full year. This logically implies that we are expecting, and we are 
seeing the softening of the consumer business in the coming quarters. It has been front-loaded 
in Q1. 
Now, if we have to achieve the budgeted sales, we have the order pipeline for high-margin, 
low-volume business which is in the automotive, Medtech, industrial and healthcare. So, that 
would be the thing. The softening of the consumer will be offset by increase in exports, increase 
in industrial and so on. 
Automotive accounts for only 16% of my revenue in Q1. We are targeting about a 20%-25% 
approximately automotive segment to contribute to our business. So, this quarterly play, as I 
have always been saying, we are focused on the annual figures and the long-term. Quarter 
variations will continue to happen. Sometimes, it will be a positive variation. Sometimes, it 
will be a negative variation. And in the coming nine months, we see a positive play in that 
direction. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Maybe just one last question on order inflow. So, this particular quarter, Q1-Q2, the 
order book is relatively flat, even though we have won large orders in smart metering and 
medical. But how are you in terms of order inflow guidance for the full year? Do you have any 
sort of range of where do you think order inflow or order book will reach by the end of the 
year? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, order inflow continues to be strong. And in the last quarter, we had an order inflow of 
approximately INR1200 crores. It was INR800-odd crores in Q4 of last year. So, we expect 
the order pipeline to continue to grow. And as we progress in the years, this number of 
INR1200 crores quarterly intake will only go up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, your consumer business, like 
you said, was front-loaded in this particular quarter. But that 40% contribution that you're 
talking about, do you think that is a more sustainable contribution to balance the profitability? 
Is that how one should look at this company? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, we are expecting consumers to constitute about 40% of the sales based on the order 
pipeline which we have got. Ideally, we would love this consumer business to come down to 
35%, or even lower. But based on the order pipeline which we have, we should expect around 
40% of consumer business in the current financial year. And the guided figures which we had 
shared earlier factored in a 40% consumer business, 60% non-consumer business. Okay. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Sir, and you did also indicate an uptick expected in the healthcare business based on some new 
orders. I just wanted to understand what particularly happened in this particular quarter, given 
that, sequentially, that business is halved in the healthcare business. I just want to understand 
what is happening on the healthcare front also? Thank you. 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, healthcare business for us consists of two segments. One is the RFID healthcare business; 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
one is the EMS and the Medtech devices business. The Medtech devices business has been soft 
in the Q1. And it was not there in Q1 of last year because the company was acquired 
somewhere in September of 2023. As you see in terms of percentages, the healthcare business 
is going up. But we expect significant contribution from the Medtech devices business in the 
coming quarters. 
And typically, it is a low first quarter, a higher second quarter, a still higher third quarter and 
a highest fourth quarter. That's the normal trajectory of the medical devices business. And we 
expect this year, the healthcare business including RFID, including EMS, including Medtech 
devices to be the tune of about 350 plus crores, 350-360 crores. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Okay. So, my last question, you know, we've done about 4.5-odd percent in this particular 
quarter. And you're pretty much sticking to your guidance for the full year. So we are basically 
looking at about 8% plus in the balance nine months. You think based on the order book 
composition and the execution that is lined up, you think that kind of margin is something 
which you can easily achieve? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Well, it can be achieved, and we are confident of achieving it. Easily or not, I would not 
comment on that. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Okay. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes, based on the order pipeline and the operational efficiency. For example, if we see this 
particular quarter, Q1, we have had almost like a 4% operational efficiency, 4.7% operational 
efficiency in overheads. But this was partly or a significant offset completely because of the 
change of the product mix. But once the product mix gets back to normal, this operational 
efficiency will also help us in achieving the guided figures of margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is regarding the order book for 
INR4500 crores as of now and also the order intake of INR1200 crores during this quarter. 
Could we get an approximate segmental split of both these numbers just to gauge which 
segment is currently higher in the order book? 
J.S. Gujral: 
I'll request Bijay to take this because he has all the details with him. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Sure. Of the current order book, I've already given a breakup of that thing. It's like about 23% 
to 25% is there from auto segment and about 38% to 40% from my consumer segment and 
again 22% to 25% from industrial segment. About 6% to 7% from healthcare and balance is 
IT and railway. And order intake for the quarter is about INR1,200. And if you see this intake 
mainly is increasing on the auto and industrial segment here apart from the consumer one. 
Sonali Salgavkar: 
Understood. That's very helpful. So secondly about the exports, you did mention about some 
weakness in Q1 and your confidence of ramping it up over the next few quarters. Could you 
throw some light as to what gives us the confidence that exports can ramp up? And secondly 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
we are targeting 20% full year growth or 30% because I think last quarter we did mention 
30%? 
J.S. Gujral: 
What we had mentioned last quarter also that in Q1 we were seeing some slowdown in exports, 
it was planned by the customer, it was nothing as a surprise. The uptake has already started 
from this month which is August. We grew exports last year at about 26% and they stood at 
about USD100 million or INR800 crores. We expect the exports to touch 1,000 plus crore this 
year. So 20% to 25% growth in the exports would happen on an annualized basis. Quarter-on-
quarter it would see an increasing trend.  
16% was the composition of the exports in my total revenue which we had shared that the long-
term mission or objective of the management is to have a third of our revenues coming in from 
exports on a long-term basis. It may not happen this year. This year we may be around 22% to 
25% of my total revenue coming in from the exports. 1,000 plus crore that is the export figure 
which we targeted and that's what we shared last time 800 plus crore 25% plus or something 
more. 
Sonali Salgavkar: 
Understood, sir. Very clear. So my third question is about IT hardware PLI. We have been a 
recipient of that. So any updates as to from when we can start the production, and have we 
inked any packed with any of the leading customers on that front? 
J.S. Gujral: 
We have not as yet tied up with any major player for IT. I'll request Satendra because he's 
spearheading this to answer on the IT part. But as of date we have not tied up with, there's no 
concrete tie up with any player. 
Satendra Singh: 
Thank you, Gujralji. And a quick comment on this. So like Gujralji mentioned we don't have 
a tie up with a large player, but we are working as of now with one ODM and we've got the 
order with them. So we will start to see some IT revenue kicking in which is relevant to the 
PLI next quarter.  
Another quick comment on the exports. I think exports as Gujraji mentioned there was a known 
softness in the business with an existing customer and then we have a ramp up of a customer 
which is going to start from next quarter onwards. So that's a new business which will ramp 
up. 
Sonali Salgavkar: 
Understood. Sir, just my last question. What's our average capacity utilization right now? 
J.S. Gujral: 
For the Q1 my average capacity utilization was again sub 70% on an average closer to 60-65 
on an average. 
Sonali Salgavkar: 
Got it sir. Very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from Incred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Just two questions. So first on the smart metering part, I just want to understand that what kind 
of margin profile does smart metering order carry? I mean, is it with the current margins or 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
higher than the current margins? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See the smart metering business in India would typically have the profile of an industrial 
product which is a domestic-based business. The export business on the utility metering would 
have slightly higher margins. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay so by that you mean around 7%, 8% margins? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Are you talking about the gross material margins? 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
In terms of gross margins, how much was it 20%? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes approximately. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, thank you. Second question sir regarding the forex part. So I mean if you're taking forex 
as a part of your operating income then are you betting that forex will always be in your favour? 
I mean, let's say in the second quarter forex goes against you then is there a probability that 
you might miss your guidance? 
J.S. Gujral: 
At the end of the day these foreign exchange variations are part of the operational income. If 
it goes negative we have contracts with the customers to have a pass-through. So the only point 
which I was trying to make is that it is related purely to the purchase and sale of materials. It's 
not related to trading. So you can factor it into the cost of the material or the sale value either 
way. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, fair point. Sir last question so sir there's an order with the export part which you're 
talking about ramping up there. The international environment currently is still not favourable, 
and the demand has still not come in the US. So you're still confident right that the export will 
start picking up from next quarter? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes, absolutely. You see as Satendra just mentioned it was a known softness for existing 
customers in Q1 and uptake from Q2 and going back to the original figures and the growth in 
Q3 and Q4. Plus the new customers which we have onboarded we have just done the sampling 
and the prototyping. They would see the series production, the volume production starting in 
from later part of Q2 running into Q3 and Q4. 
Hence, we are confident that we would cross the INR1000 crores export sales figure this year 
up from INR800 last year. So whether we end at INR1100 crores, INR1050 crores I think that's 
guidance we can share during the course of the second quarter or the third quarter, but we're 
very confident we'll cross the INR1000 crores mark. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Parashar from Mirabilis Investment 
Trust. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Sir I was trying to calculate the order intake for this quarter for the consumer segment and I 
could be off by some margin, but it does seem that of the INR1200 crores order intake, roughly 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
about INR500 crores is from the consumer segment. While this number was a bit lower in the 
previous quarter and I also understand that the execution pace for consumer has increased, but 
on the other hand it seems that the incremental order still carries a large portion of the consumer 
segment. So I wanted to understand the nature of these orders and by nature I mean the margins 
of the incremental consumer orders? 
J.S. Gujral: 
So, I think Bijay has already answered. I'll request him to clarify once more. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So on the order intake side if you see the order intake during the quarter we have received 
another INR1,200 crores of order. And if we analyse the order intake about INR400 crores out 
of it is related to auto segment. Similarly, another INR400 crores which is towards consumer 
segment, about INR130 odd crores is from healthcare, another INR360 from industrial and the 
rest is Railways and IT.  
Coming to your question of consumer here, we can see in this quarter, quarter one we have 
delivered about INR600 crores plus of consumer business, but the order intake in this quarter 
is only INR400 crores and that is where we were saying there is a softness in the overall 
consumer segment which is where we are saying in the full year this number will be around 
38% to 40% of my total thing. And if we say margins accordingly, so margins for the full year 
we have already guided. Based on this mix, this overall margins will be delivered. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Right sir. But specifically for this INR400 crores order intake I mean for the INR500, INR600 
crores that we executed, large part was the FTTH orders. So does this incremental INR400 also 
constitute the FTTH orders or is it something else broadly I mean just in terms of mix size, if 
you can get some context? 
J.S. Gujral: 
What Bijay is referring to is the consumer business, which is the high volume, low margin 
business, which was around INR600 crores plus in Q1. The intake of orders of the same nature 
is around INR400 crores. Consumer, which also include ODM, my own design, which has a 
higher margin, we don't consider it in this discussion. Though it forms part of the consumer, 
but specifically referring to the low margin, high volume business of consumer, the order 
intake is approximately INR400 crores in this quarter. 
Ashutosh Prasad: 
And broadly, what would that margin be, about 2%-3% or a lower number? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Well, the gross material margins are approximately 8%-9%, so it translates into the same figure 
what you are referring to. 
Ashutosh Prasad: 
Got it. And the INR310-INR315 crores EBITDA guidance that we are providing, does that 
include the INR17-INR18 crores PLI incentive or is it excluding that? 
J.S. Gujral: 
PLI is an integral part of the business and as I had guided in my earlier commentaries, earlier 
interactions, we are guiding for an operating EBITDA of about INR310-INR320 crores, which 
is all-inclusive. 
Ashutosh Prasad: 
And PLI portion would be about INR18-INR20 crores in this? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes, that's part of the business. Otherwise, without the PLI, the business will not make sense. 
Ashutosh Prasad: 
Sure, sure. Great, sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manikantha Garre, from Franklin, Templeton, 
India. Please go ahead. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you for providing me this opportunity. Sir, the first question which 
I have is on the consumer business. This quarter, it was 53% of the total revenues and for the 
full year, you are expecting that to average at 40%. Out of the 53% in Q1, you said 40% is 
telecom. What would be the corresponding number for the full year, 40% expectation that you 
have? 
J.S. Gujral: 
On the guidance of annual revenues, the 40% would translate into around INR1,800 crores. 
Manikantha Garre: 
But of that, how much would be telecoms? It was 40% out of 53% of the total revenues in Q1. 
So what would that number be for the full year as per the order book visibility that you have 
got? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
In Q1, consumer business is 53% and 40% is what we are targeting for the full year consumer 
business. It is not 40% out of 53%. So that's what we want to clarify here. And that 40% for 
the full year would be somewhere around INR1,800 crores of total business on the consumer 
side for the full year. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Right. Okay. And, sir, just wanted to also understand on this telecom piece of the consumer 
business, how much of the products would have been towards 5G network-related products 
and how much would have been towards FTTH-related products? The composition of these 
two products of the telecom business, could you share that detail? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Well, these are fibre-to-home products. And 5G is just to be rolled out. 5G on a pan-India basis 
is just to be rolled out. So these are fibre-to-home products, whether they are the Wi-Fi mesh, 
outdoor units, indoor units for connectivity. So I wouldn't be able to share the break-up between 
5G and non-5G as of date. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Sure. Can you at least give some understanding about whether the 5G exposure is meaningful 
or negligible as on today? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Sorry, I couldn't get the question. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Can you at least share if this 5G exposure is meaningful or it's not meaningful as on today? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
We are saying this is a telecom business which we are referring. Telecom business is broadly 
a sizable business out of this. Somewhere around 1,500 crores is what we are expecting out of 
this telecom business. And balance 300 is something that we are saying that will be other non-
telecom consumer business. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Okay. So within telecom, predominantly FTTH is what you are saying. Is that the right 
understanding? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Management: 
That's right. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thank you. Two questions. First, on the working capital reduction. So if you can just throw 
some light on, is it because of the change in mix? So, overall working capital days of around 
90-95 days on full year basis last year. How each of the segments are different in terms of 
working capital? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Yes. you are right. Consumer business being a high-volume business demands or maybe 
requires a lesser number of working capital days. And as my consumer business was almost 
50% plus, so my overall working capital days requirement was lesser for this business. That's 
right. 
 
And all other businesses also. Because of our continued focus and maybe I can say we have 
worked upon the inventory thing. So overall inventory days have also been reduced. So out of 
this total eight days, yes, primarily I would say this is being driven by high consumer business 
also and savings on the other businesses, both put together. 
Keyur Pandya: 
If I look at the company level working capital intensity, how different each of these or at least 
key segments would be, say industrial, consumer, auto, from say company level working 
capital days. So I just want to understand that as the mix changes, I mean, or as the share of 
consumer goes up and whichever way it moves, how should we think about working capital 
days at the company level? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Okay, see the working capital intensity is very clear. The low margin business have a low 
working capital intensity, net working capital. And as you go up, the working capital intensity 
becomes normal. Having said that, as we scale up and the client profiles change, we have 
bigger clients in our portfolio. The pressure on working capital goes down. Servicing 100 
crores with 10 clients and servicing 100 crores one client, it is a different ballgame. 
 
And the working capital intensity is significantly lower when we are servicing bigger clients 
rather than smaller clients. So hence, the guidance which we have given that we would like the 
net working capital to be around 60 odd days is based on the mix. And we are very confident 
that it is there at the year-end also. 
Keyur Pandya: 
So just one follow-up. So 60 odd days of working capital is a foreseeable future. And if I just 
calculate the trading 12-month fixed asset turn, that would be around 4.5 years. So that is what 
we should take in the near future or medium future and going for next one or two years for the 
fixed asset turn as well. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Asset turn? I think it should be 4.5 to 5 going up. The objective is to have it 5+. But on a 
conservative basis, it could be anything between 4.5 to 5. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. We will get back in detail. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bharti from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bharti: 
Hi, good morning, sir. Sir, if we just compare this quarter's margins with last quarter, which is 
the preceding quarter, post-quarter FY24, even in that quarter, we had a fairly high mix of 
consumer business. Margins even in that quarter themselves were disappointing. But from 
there on, margins have further slid down despite having a INR4 crores PLI benefit, which we 
didn't have in the fourth quarter. So what kind of explains that? 
J.S. Gujral: 
In the fourth quarter, we had a very high healthcare business also. Again, we have to see the 
composite picture. In bits and pieces, it will throw up conflicting views. We had a very high 
healthcare component in our turnover and EBITDAs in the fourth quarter, which is not there 
in this quarter. And export business was much higher. The export business in Q1 is subdued. 
It's only 16%. Last year, it was about, I think, my export business was about 25%, 24% of my 
total revenue. 
Aditya Bharti: 
Sure, sure. 
J.S. Gujral: 
So it's about 25% of my revenue was export. This is down to 16%. Now, if you take it, it's 
almost a 33% reduction in my export as a percentage. Healthcare has come down. So a INR4 
crores PLI is there, fair enough. But then there are other offsetting factors also. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
And it is a quarterly seasonality. If we compare it from Q1 of last year also, we can see the 
seasonalities are there across every year. Q1 generally is lower on this healthcare side, export 
business side, and which gradually picks up from Q2 to Q4. 
Aditya Bharti: 
Understood, sir. And just taking a slightly longer-term trajectory, I'm just trying to arrive at the 
profitability of consumer business. We used to deliver, let's say, around 9% EBITDA margins 
until FY ’23. And even at that time, in FY ’23, you had shared the gross margin profile. The 
consumer business used to be the lowest gross margin business, which means that others, by 
definition, were higher margins. But let's say that, for the sake of simplicity, we assume that 
every business was 9% margin. 
 
Non-consumer business continues to operate at 9% margin. That essentially means that our 
consumer business is not yielding any profits. So, what has really happened? Is the consumer 
business extremely low, almost negligible margin business, or are we seeing a reduction in 
margins across every vertical? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, the high-volume consumer business is a low-margin business. Rather, a comparatively 
lower-margin business, very low-margin business. The ODM part of my consumer business is 
a standard business, which gives me the standard margins. Now, if this high-volume business 
content as a percentage of my total sales goes up, the overall reduction is there. 
 
But we are not, and I'm sort of re-emphasizing, we are not seeing any contraction in margins 
per vertical. The auto vertical continues to work at the same margin, or marginal accretion. 
The healthcare, the industrial, the export, the ODM, the RFID, each of these verticals continues 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
to operate at the same margin. There is no contraction of margin in the verticals. It's the product 
mix which is creating this distortion in the margin profile. 
Aditya Bharti: 
See, in that case, essentially we are saying that the consumer business ramp-up that we have 
seen could very well be almost a 0% margin business? 
J.S. Gujral: 
I won’t call it a 0% margin business, but it would be sub-4%, sub-3% margin business. 
Aditya Bharti: 
Okay, sure, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes. So, the first question is on the JDHL performance for the quarter. If we can get, what was 
the revenues and the EBITDA PAT for that entity? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So, definitely due to quarterly seasonality, the revenues were maybe about INR10-11 crores, 
for the quarter, and similarly, the profitability was also very low. EBITDA profitability was 
about INR1 crores, about a INR1 crores there for this quarter. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay, got it. The second aspect is we spoke about, scale-up in terms of the auto as also exports 
and scale-down relatively versus first quarter on the consumer segment, and thereby margins 
actually improving to about 7%, 7.5% or closer to 8% for the balanced nine months. Now, in 
the first quarter, we've seen a strong reduction in terms of the net working capital days to 60 
days. 
 
Given that there will be scale-up in these segments of auto and exports, do we expect that, you 
know, net working capital days will actually come back to 70, 80 days as we saw at the end of 
FY ‘24? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Primarily speaking, the saving is based primarily from auto businesses also. We don't expect 
the working capital days to increase back to 70 days. Yes, we are seeing that growth in the auto 
industrial business, but we are very much clearly focused on this working capital efficiency. 
 
We are even targeting it should be furthermore down from here from 62 days to less than 60 
days towards the end of the year. Between that, in any quarter, it may slightly change quarter-
on-quarter basis, but there may not be any significant change here. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Yes, just to add on, with the plans in place where we said that the high-volume consumer 
business will be around 40% and remaining 60%, with this mix maintained, we believe, we are 
very confident that we will be able to maintain the working capital at lower levels than the 70, 
75 days. It could be 60 days; it could be 62 days or 58 days. So, four days here and there, I am 
not discussing, but the trend is very clear. We don't expect to go back to the earlier level with 
this product mix. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Understood. And the third question is on terms of the, we spoke about exports scaling up and 
auto also being a key driver of new order inflows. If you can just talk about in terms of exports, 
which are the areas which are driving growth with geographies? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
And in autos, again, you spoke about new products and new client additions. If we could get 
some more details in terms of the end customers and areas where we are seeing what kind of, 
volumes we are seeing there, etc., some more color on both these. 
J.S. Gujral: 
Exports primarily are RFID, healthcare, industrial. Very little of automotive. Industrial would 
include power controls, industrial cleaning, utility metering, solar. And these are primarily 
focused at Europe and America. If I was to sort of have a breakup of Europe and America, it 
could be 40% approximately going off to EU part and about 50% to 55% to the U.S. part. 
 
The whole basket, which stood at INR800 crores last year, we expect this to grow to INR1,000 
crores to INR1,100 crores, which would be also driven by some of the new customers which 
we have added last year. As Satendra just explained, they would see series production starting 
Q2 to Q3 of this year. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, sir. On auto, sir? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Auto exports are very less. On domestic, we are well placed in both ICT and EV. And we are 
seeing strong traction with existing customers. We are adding on new product lines, and we 
are also onboarding new customers. We have onboarded three new customers, which would 
result in revenues coming in the Q3 of this year. Additional, incremental revenues kicking in 
in Q3 of this year, apart from the normal business of the existing automotive customers. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
And what would be the mix between EV and ICE? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
About 60%-odd by EV business and the rest 40% from ICE. 
J.S. Gujral: 
And you see, the way you classify EV, if the lighting of the vehicle, I may classify it as a 
neutral thing. To me, it is not EV. To me, the EV is the one which goes on the engine. The 
battery management is the engine control. Any periphery, it doesn't make a difference whether 
it's ICT or EV. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sure. Understood, sir. I'll come back in the question queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arafat Saiyed from InCred Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on strong sales growth. So, my first 
question is on the business model. Where do you see Syrma over the next few years? 
 
Let's say, are you looking to follow the model of Dixon or Keynes, which has a 14% EBITDA 
margin? Although, let's say, in smart metering, the margin, let's say, Kaynes enjoys almost 14 
percent, while your skills have been for 4% to 5% margin. So, can you just elaborate on that? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, we'll follow neither the Dixon nor the Kaynes. We'll follow the Syrma model. We have 
our own story. We have our own plans. We have our own strategy. So, we will not follow one 
or the other model. Business, which makes sense to us in terms of margin accretion, in terms 
of cash flows, in terms of losses, we'll work on. And we are very clear that we will be a design-
led manufacturing company focusing on industrial, automotive, healthcare. Exports would be 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
one of our significant contributors to the revenue.  
 
And last year, we were INR800 crores of exports, and I think perhaps among the largest 
exporter of electronics other than mobile phones in the space. So, our strategy is very clear. 
The pillars, which I've already been alluding to would be industrial, automotive, MedTech, 
RFID and ODM. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Okay. And, sir, coming to your guidance, so let's say for FY '25, you're guiding for 45% to 
50% revenue growth. So, let's say, does that mean that over the next three quarters, your 
revenue growth will be moderate to around 34%? Is that correct? 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, we guided, end of the year, end of the day, we guided a 45%-50% growth rate over the 
previous year's target, which was about INR3,000 crores. We said about INR4,500 crores 
would be our target for this year. Now, whether it translates into INR1,000 crores a quarter or 
INR1,200 crores a quarter that's quarter-on-quarter. But what we are focused on is on 
annualized figures and long-term. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Ashutosh Parashar from Mirabilis 
Investment Trust. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks again. Just one more question. On the receivables factoring, so I think you 
alluded also earlier in the call that after a certain point once a customer reaches a certain scale, 
we get some working capital benefits. So just wanted to know, I mean, in our current consumer 
set, how many customers are there who kind of qualify and who qualify us for us to be a part 
of the receivables factoring to help us in our working capital management? So are there any 
customers? And if not, then how many customers do you see in the future in the recent near 
term, who would qualify us for that? 
J.S. Gujral: 
Okay, I'll let Bijay take that answer. But to the best of my knowledge the balance sheet doesn't 
have any factoring in it. I think Bijay will delve into this. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
We are not doing any factoring at all on the receivables side. So this is all gross receivables, 
and, no factoring. But to answer your second question here, how many customers would be 
eligible? We are dealing with the best-in-class customers who are the known names. So almost 
maybe a majority of my customers on sales are eligible for any kind of factoring, discounting 
from any of the top banks here. But yes, deliberately, we have not yet decided to go for any 
factoring here. 
J.S. Gujral: 
To put it another way, there's no off-balance sheet adjustments in the books. Everything is 
shown. We are not doing any factoring, anything of that sort. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Sir, but I think in the industry even some of our peers kind of tend to do that to manage their 
working capital. So is it like a conscious decision or is it that we need to reach a certain scale 
for the customer to be able to qualify for that? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
J.S. Gujral: 
As I said to our earlier question, Syrma is what Syrma is. We will do what we believe is the 
best in terms of corporate governance, best in terms of cost, best in terms of liquidity. And as 
of date, as of 30th of June, I can say with the full force that we have not done a penny worth 
of factoring. Whether we'll do it in the future or not that's a call to be taken at that point of 
time. Currently, whatever receivables, working capital, whatever we are sort of showing in the 
balance sheet is a plain, vanilla figure without any factoring without any bill discounting. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Great, sir. That helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question on the capital allocation. So first is on the capex 
you mentioned around INR75 crores to be done and some INR60 crores-INR65 crores to be 
done in rest of the year. So if you can just give more granular details of where the capex is 
going. This includes this expansion or onshoring in Germany as well. That is first part. And 
second part, we had set up a subsidiary for adjacent expansion in categories, adjacent 
categories. Any update or is there any capital allocation going or is planned to be going for any 
inorganic opportunity or any organic opportunity in the adjacent categories? 
J.S. Gujral: 
The capital allocation, what we have done and what we propose to do, I will hand over to Bijay. 
He will answer that in detail. And then on the inorganic part, Satendra will delve on it. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So on the capital allocation side, as of now, the planned capex and the capex we have incurred 
so far for this year. So this year we are planning to spend about INR100 odd crores for my new 
under-commissioning facility there in Pune, which we are expecting should be on ground, 
maybe starting trial production starting from Q3 of this year. Same way, another about INR35 
crores to INR40 crores is what we have allocated towards my new facility there in Stuttgart, 
Germany, which will be a prototype income assembling centre there in Europe. Broadly, these 
are the two allocations on the organic side. 
J.S. Gujral: 
On the inorganic side, we are evaluating but currently there is nothing concrete proposal on 
the table. But we will address this and share it with the market once we have a concrete 
proposal on the table. On the Stuttgart facility, I would just like to add on that there we would 
be expanding our business by adding some new verticals like repairs, which we are already 
doing for one of the multinational companies. Now since we have got a better, a bigger facility, 
not a better, a bigger facility, it gives us scope for expanding that operation to a decent size 
operation in the coming years. 
Keyur Pandya: 
And on the setting up of new subsidiary for a new line of business is it OSET or OSET is being 
planned or something else is being planned? Just more clarity on that. 
J.S. Gujral: 
I will request Inder to take the question on OSET because he is spearheading that effort. 
Satendra Singh: 
Alright, thank you for the question. I think OSET is a question which comes up in pretty much 
every call of ours. And like Gujralji said, we have our own style of doing the business, our 
own decision-making process and which basically means we try to dot all the I's and cross all 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
the T's before we come back and share information with the market. 
 
In this case, now coming to OSET, it's an area which is of interest to us, but we are very clearly 
focused on making sure that we have done our homework before we jump into it. Essentially, 
around the product, around the technology and around the longevity of the business. It's a very 
different kind of business and we are working through the details and when we are ready to 
share further information, we would be able to share more with you. 
 
But a little bit, one more comment on the capital side. I think the allocation, we are focused on 
building the capability in terms of the plant and manufacturing. So our major allocation is to 
the Pune facility, which we talked a couple of times about earlier as well as to the Stuttgart 
facility where we can provide more services to the customer closer to where they are, which 
namely is the German market. So it's all around the capability building for the future, which 
will pay off in the years and quarters to come. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Noted. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Trivedi from Nepean Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Anand Trivedi: 
I had a question regarding the net working capital gains. We've gone down from 70 to 62, but 
at the same time your working capital loan has gone up from INR489 crores to INR529 crores. 
So can you explain why is the loan going up when is your data going down? And sorry, a 
related question is the cash and cash equivalents have gone up from INR85 crores last quarter 
to INR189 crores. So what has been the reason for the INR100 crores increase? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
The working capital loan increase is primarily just like business-related, whatever was 
required, we have borrowed. And simultaneously you can see my internal accruals have also 
increased. So there is an increase in the investments also. Internal accruals, internally we are 
keeping it separate as our investments. And simultaneously there is an increase in the working 
capital loan. It is offsetting on both sides. There is no other reason for that. 
Anand Trivedi: 
And the cash going up from INR85 crores to INR189 crores? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
We have got a good collection. Specifically on the very last day of the quarter that is where 
the cash has increased in the overall net debt position. But again, a portion of that was utilized 
towards paying for the creditors immediately after that in the upcoming 10-15 days. It was a 
better collection which happened towards the end of the quarter. 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, I think we are focused on long-term that our working capital cycle should be shortened as 
far as possible. Currently we are sitting at about 62 odd days. Our endeavour would be to bring 
it down further whether it is 62, 65 or 58. That's a year-end sort of play-out. You get one major 
collection. Your cash balance goes up. You don't get it two days later, your debtors go up. But 
on a long-term consistent basis, we would like to be at about two months of working capital 
cycle, net working capital cycle. 
Anand Trivedi: 
Okay, and my second question is that on the consumer business dimension where the margins 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
could be 3%-4%. But after taking into account the working capital intensity that business 
generally operating cash positive... 
J.S. Gujral: 
See, as I said, the low-margin businesses typically as per industry have low working capital 
intensity. 
Anand Trivedi: 
But at 3%-4%, I was wondering does that business have any positive cash flow 
J.S. Gujral: 
I said, typically in the industry, a low-margin business is accompanied by a low intensity of 
working capital involvement. If a low-margin business was to be accompanied by a high 
working capital cycle, it would be not viable for any business to do it. So this is the nature of 
the business. Typically, the low-margin businesses have low working capital intensity. And as 
the margins go up the working capital intensity goes up slightly. We believe that based on what 
we are planning to do with the 40% consumer, 60% normal, we should be able to achieve a 
two-month net working capital cycle give or take a couple of days here and there. 
Anand Trivedi: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Gujral for closing comments. 
J.S. Gujral: 
We are very well aware of what we are doing, and we work the Syrma model, the Syrma way. 
What we are engaged is in building our institution as I've always been saying all along in all 
the calls, bringing in leadership talent at the top, which can take care of the organization when 
it becomes a billion-dollar organization. So we are making the organization future-ready. We 
are expanding over it up front. We are building in systems. We are building in processes. 
 
We are building in the human resources of the company. And we are very confident of our 
track, where we are going. We would continue to grow at our industry-plus growth rate with 
sustainable margins of around 7-odd percent going forward. In coming years, as my exports 
scale up, my ODM scale up, they could go up, generating positive cash flows and be a 
responsible citizen for the country. We are working to make India great as a manufacturing 
base. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
