 
Mastek Limited 
804/805, President House, Opp. C. N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ahmedabad – 380 006 
Tel: +91-79-2656-4337 | Email: info@mastek.com | Web: www.mastek.com | CIN: L74140GJ1982PLC005215 
 
 
SEC/44/2024-25                                                                                                                July 24, 2024  
  
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai-400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 523704  
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
SYMBOL: MASTEK  
ISIN: INE759A01021 
 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Ma'am(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call held on the financial performance for the Quarter 
ended June 30, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held on the financial performance 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, conducted on July 18, 2024, for your information and records. 
 
 The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed from the website of the Company at 
https://www.mastek.com/investor-financial-information/  
 
 
 Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mastek Limited  
 
 
 
Dinesh Kalani 
SVP – Group Company Secretary 
 
Encl: A/A 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Kalani
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Kalani 
Date: 2024.07.24 
22:21:39 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
  
“Mastek Limited 
 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
        
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIRAL CHANDRANA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, MASTEK LIMITED  
 
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MASTEK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA – E&Y INVESTOR RELATION 
 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Mastek Limited Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the call to Ms. Asha Gupta. Thank you and over to you, Ms. Asha Gupta. 
Asha Gupta: 
Good evening to all of you. Welcome to the Q1 FY'25 Earnings Call of Mastek Limited. The 
results and presentation have already been mailed to you and you can also view them on the 
website at www.mastek.com. 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of Mastek, represented by Mr. Hiral Chandrana - Global CEO, and Mr. Arun Agarwal - Global 
CFO. Hiral will start the call with a business update, which will be then followed by Arun 
providing the financial update for the quarter. 
 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook 
for the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statements must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with the SEBI and 
subsequent annual report that you can find on our website. 
 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Hiral Chandrana. Over to you, Hiral. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Thank you Asha. Good evening, everybody. Hope everyone is doing well. I will cover the 
highlights of the quarter, followed by an update on key strategic priorities and then also give 
some commentary on the outlook where we see the industry and market going forward. As we've 
reported our results, our revenue quarter-on-quarter increased by 4.3% on INR terms. Year-on-
year is 12.1% on an INR basis. We are pleased with the revenue uptick and the momentum on 
the top line. Our 12 months order book backlog, while it was flat quarter-on-quarter, increased 
23% year-on-year. Q1 is typically a slower start to the order book, but we see some really good 
deal momentum in pipeline building and confident about the deals in the future quarters. 
 
Our operating EBITDA was a disappointment. We had some onetime hits which we'll talk about 
in the subsequent discussion. But there were a couple of provisions that we had to make, and it 
was at 15.2%. We had some fairly unique and differentiated wins across multiple geographies 
and multiple offerings. I'll just mention a few of them. One particular U.K. department, which 
handles immigration and law enforcement, we've been working with them on our digital 
operational dashboards and asylum and refugee management through the case working platform 
that we have built, and we continue to enhance that and modernize those platforms as more and 
more volume flows through those case management systems. 
 
For a U.S. Healthcare client, we are modernizing their claims management platform powered by 
Salesforce, where this particular regional health plan is looking at how to optimize and automate 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
some of their claims processing. For a USD 7 billion retail recreational vehicle manufacturing 
and distributor company in U.S., we've taken over 2 digital engineering pods and won a customer 
loyalty program, which is an account we opened 6 months back and is showing some amazing 
traction. For one of the central banks in U.K., we have won data and analytics platform deal, a 
great example of synergy from our BizAnalytica acquisition where our teams work together to 
win that against some stiff competition. We're just scratching the surface there and we see great 
potential in building on this initial pilot going forward. 
 
These are some of the examples, but what I'm really excited here is, as we look at our top 
strategic priorities, which we have continued to reinforce last few quarters, our Healthcare 
business continues to grow, particularly in U.S. Our secure government services business, which 
is our central government business in U.K., continues to have good pipeline. Elections were 
moved ahead, as you know, in the U.K., so some of the uncertainty around the, the election 
period is now behind us and so we see a lot more clarity on the new Labour Party executing on 
their manifesto, particularly on the NHS and health programs, the defence programs, some of 
which we are focused on. 
 
Account mining has been a key focus for us. We've communicated in the past to our investors 
and analyst community about our top 30 accounts, which roughly forms about 57% of our 
revenue and we continue to see growing momentum on cross-selling service lines across those 
accounts. And as you'll notice and as we have communicated, we want to continue to grow top 
line, not necessarily by growing number of accounts. In fact, by conscious design, we've 
continued to reduce the number of accounts, particularly in our AMEA geography from 250 
accounts to 175 accounts over the last 2 quarters while of course, growing top line. So, this is an 
example where you'll see deeper account mining, which is leading to deeper relationships as 
well as more USD 1 million, more USD 3 million, more USD 5 million accounts. 
  
In the data and AI space, which is our fourth key priority, we continue to see some great 
examples of wins, but we are particularly excited about some marquee partnerships with 
NVIDIA, with Microsoft, with AWS that we've announced over the last few quarters. The recent 
one with NVIDIA is a very differentiated partnership where we are leveraging the NVIDIA 
inference and interface micro services API to channel into multiple large language models where 
we have built our experience, insights and correlation engine so that we can drive industry-
specific use cases. Some of the industries that we are focused on include sub-verticals in 
manufacturing, fraud analytics within the financial services and also benefit verification use 
cases in the Healthcare sector. We believe that this is truly differentiated. It's initial stages, as 
we expand on this momentum, we will see a lot more larger deals in the coming quarters through 
this partnership.  
As we look ahead, there are continued macroeconomic uncertainties and deal delays, which we 
see in the market. So customers are still cautious when it comes to cost preservation as well as 
high scrutiny on some of the deals and the approvals. However, we are engaged in some fairly 
marquee programs, which are very strategic in nature. The kinds of conversations that we're 
having with cloud implementations, with some of the new digital engineering programs as well 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
as in data engineering and data modernization programs are very differentiated. U.S., in 
particular, the Healthcare momentum powered by Oracle Cloud, has really kicked into high gear 
and we see continued momentum there with providers, with senior living facilities as well as 
with regional health plan. We also have kicked off an internal transformation, which we're 
calling Project Nucleus. And this is looking at the entire order-to-cash life cycle, some of which 
we had been doing some groundwork, but this is important to further streamline processes, 
automate certain inefficiencies and then hopefully, we can generate enough savings to repurpose 
in future investment areas, but also help with improved productivity and efficiencies internally. 
 
Coupled with our Gen AI internal AI Amigo platform, which we are driving to automate multiple 
functional areas, including finance, marketing, HR as well. As we look at AI and Gen AI in an 
overall sense, we're starting to see some interesting pilots and proof of concepts moving into 
slightly larger programs, but we believe it will still take a couple of quarters for customers to 
truly see some of those ROIs coming from the investments that we have made. We are looking 
at this very strategically in multiple pillars. There's AI that is getting infused in our key platforms 
like Oracle, like Salesforce, like Microsoft, AWS and Snowflake. There is a nonlinear set of 
initiatives that we have embarked on about 18 months back, which is starting to come together 
for example, in the connected enterprise areas. And then there are some of these newer 
partnerships like NVIDIA that I talked about. So it's coming together well in a nice way for us 
where a lot of the data engineering and data foundation will be built on as customers look at 
much more ROI from the AI investment.  
I had given 3 specific areas in our last quarter's commentary around our U.S. geography. So I 
want to address that, again, very transparently. There was one particular customer where we had 
a challenge when it comes to delivery. We have now recovered through that program. We made 
the right investments in people and are out of the woods out there and engaged in now some new 
discussions with that program. It was a financial services customer in the East Coast. There was 
a second program that we had talked about where a large engagement had moved from on-site 
to offshore. So that obviously is getting executed. There's no change in that. And there was a 
third area where there were three deals, in particular, two that we talked about, but three deals, 
which had been delayed in terms of closures. So, I want to report that two out of those three 
deals have closed, although it did take us longer than anticipated. This was in a particular pocket 
within some of our Salesforce business in the US And because those deals got delayed, we 
continue to keep those resources and we made a tough call to handle and keep those resources, 
rightly so because now we've been able to deploy them and actually ramp them up in the projects 
that are now commenced, but it did impact our EBITDA for Q1. Arun will talk about some of 
the aged receivables in Middle East, which we had an impact also because of the holiday period 
in Middle East, but we are confident of recovering from that and coming back to our original 
margin levels in the coming quarters.  
So with that, I think overall business momentum continues to be strong. While I said there will 
continue to be some level of caution, there's more optimism compared to 3-4 quarters back, 
particularly as it looks to the second half of the year. And we are confident that we'll continue 
the growth momentum on the top line while coming back on the EBITDA front. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
With that, I'll pass it over to Arun, and I look forward to answering questions after that. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Thanks, Hiral. A very warm welcome to everyone on the call. I hope all of you have seen the 
detailed presentation, which was shared. Hence, I will focus more on the financial metrics. We 
reported revenue of INR 813 crores for the quarter, which is up 12.1% year-on-year and 4.3% 
quarter-on-quarter in the INR terms. This reflects into constant currency growth of 4.1% quarter-
on-quarter. While macro challenges and delay in decision-making continues, as Hiral alluded to, 
however, we are witnessing good deal momentum in line with our strategic investment and the 
same is reflected in our order backlog, which has improved 23% year-on-year in INR terms. We 
added 13 new customers during the quarter and increased Fortune 1000 customer base from 34 
to 36 in the current quarter. So we're continuously seeing the uptick in the average revenue per 
customer and also the quality of customers, which we are on boarding. 
Operating EBITDA for the quarter was at 15.2%, a decline of 80 bps quarter-on-quarter. This 
has been led because of two critical reasons which has happened in the quarter. One is cost of 
ramp associated with delayed project commencement, specifically in the Salesforce business, 
which Hiral alluded to, but we are really confident that the growth is coming back, and we are 
seeing these resources getting deployed, which will reflect in our margin profile in the coming 
quarters. And also, we had onetime impact, including PDD in our Middle East region. Because 
of holidays, there were delays in collection and because of the aging, you have to provide for it. 
We don't see any risk into those collections; however, from a timing perspective, those 
provisions was required to be made as per accounting rules. 
Profit after tax for the quarter was at INR 17.5 crores revenue, 8.8% of revenue; however, our 
profit for tax quarter-on-quarter has gone down. If you recollect, I had mentioned in the last 
quarter, we had onetime tax credit associated with deferred tax and which led to increase in our 
PAT due to reduction of tax expense. This quarter, the tax is on a normalized basis, in line with 
what we anticipate to incur on an ongoing basis. 
Our gross cash as of June end was INR 383 crores. It is reduced from INR 473 crores in the 
March. I would like to highlight that in the current quarter, we have paid annual bonuses and 
variable payout to all the employees across Mastek, which led to a reduction in operating cash 
for the quarter. And our DSOs, as I mentioned, for the PDD reason, has gone to 92 days versus 
89 days. As I mentioned, we believe this is more timing gap and things will improve as we move 
to the coming quarters.  
Our overall borrowings stood at INR 455 crores. It has reduced quarter-on-quarter as we have 
paid one more installment as it was due during the quarter. Our closing headcount has increased 
to 5,546 headcount, a marginal increase quarter-on-quarter. Utilization is flat at 86.5% without 
considering the lease impact. So broadly, we feel good momentum is building up. Our revenue 
continue to grow. Order book further gives us confidence. And margin, we are focusing to 
improve and bring it back to the levels we were operating at. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
With this, thanks to everyone for continued trust in Mastek. Going back to the moderator and 
opening the house for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Debashish: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers as far as the top line is concerned and order book is concerned. 
My question is more linked to the one-off cost that you have mentioned. If you just can elaborate 
what is the exact number of the provision that you have taken for the quarter, and how much is 
linked to US ramp-up delay and how much is linked to the Middle East market? 
Arun Agarwal: 
So Debashish, on a high level, roughly 120 bps is the impact. Again, it's a combination of both 
US and AMEA. Predominantly, AMEA is related to your DSO and PDD increase, and the 
balance is because of the resources, which we had used for the ramp-up, delayed project 
commencements out there. You can assume 50-50, but broadly in the similar range. 
Debashish: 
Okay. Understood. And the second question is linked to the US market because if we see over 
the last 2 to 3 quarters, especially, if the growth is coming, margin is not coming; if the margin 
is coming, growth is not coming. It seems that US market is not getting stabilized for us. So if 
you can give us some amount of direction that by what time you are expecting US market to 
stabilize and how much this is linked to the macro uncertainty and how much this is linked to 
our client-related issues? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So Debashish, this is Hiral. Thanks for that question. You're right with respect to some of the 
unevenness, lack of consistency, like you rightly pointed out. However, if you take a step back, 
I just feel it's important to appreciate that 3 years back, we were a very, small business in the 
US, particularly with almost kind of a declining Oracle Cloud Commerce ATG business, which 
essentially no longer exists for us. So it's almost sort of starting from scratch in the region. With 
the right investments organically and inorganically, we're now at a little over 100 million type 
of annual run rate business, which has come together fairly well in a kind of a profile of 
customers and clients, 35-plus Fortune 1000 clients, some marquee brands, in some cases, 
Fortune 500 as well as the types of conversations and the accounts and the deals that we're having 
is at a very different level. So that journey definitely has taken much longer. 
Having said that, now we have critical mass, and we have the right teams in place. We have also 
some of the visibility and ability to balance off, in case something doesn't happen in any 
particular quarter. Now there will be some level of uncertainty, I think, as clients continue to be 
very cautious on spend. But the differentiated areas that we are focused on, which is, again, 
going back to healthcare in U.S., both on payers and providers, are focused on Oracle Cloud and 
data and AI and Salesforce as well as, as we start winning digital engineering projects, we've 
just won another deal, which happened actually in Q2, in early July, so we did not announce that 
in the Q1 results, but it is a capital market customer in the East Coast, which was one of the 
clients from the BizAnalytica acquisition where we've now closed an AWS digital engineering 
deal. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
So, these are some of the examples of deals that we are winning. I guess, the net-net answer to 
your question, though, is that we feel that there is a certain critical mass in that geography, which 
we did not have in the previous 4 to 5 quarters. And from here on, we'll have a lot more leverage 
when it comes to even improving our EBIT and operating margin. And generally, I would say 
bullish kind of view of US, particularly as we look forward, although we need to demonstrate 
that in 2 or 3 quarters of consistent results and that's when we will feel a little bit better. 
Debashish: 
Sir, just a follow-up on the US market again. It seems that we are mainly targeting project-related 
businesses in US, which is kind of giving us quarter-on-quarter uncertainties. And obviously, it 
is getting difficult to put a number on how our growth and margin trajectory would be. Is it fair 
to assume that this project-related business focus is kindly impacting us? And going forward 
when macro economy will turn back, we'll be able to get a better growth and better margin? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So it's a good point, Debashish. Our business mix was heavily project related. If you rewind 
back 18 months in terms of commerce projects or cloud and Oracle Cloud projects, the 
Salesforce projects or even some of the other implementations that we have done, so what you're 
saying is partially right. However, the mix has changed quite significantly in the last 1.5 years. 
And wherever we are doing projects and implementations, we're following that up very quickly 
with managed services engagement. The stickiness of our clients has improved to the point 
where we are being more qualified in the new clients that we are on boarding particularly in US 
and in Middle East because we want to make sure that the new clients that we are acquiring are 
also longer-term clients. There used to be a phenomena 2 years back in the US where we used 
to have 10, 20 clients we opened and then three quarters later that client is done because the 
project is done. That's no longer the case. So that stickiness has definitely improved. We want 
higher balance of managed services and that's definitely an area which the team is focused on, 
but it's a little bit of a gradual journey there. I would say in the next one or two quarters we'll 
reach by the end of this fiscal year a good mix a comfortable mix.  
Hopefully by then some of the discretionary spend will also be a little bit at a different level 
which will position us very differently because some of the sweet spots that we have even in the 
current uncertain environment we've been able to win cloud and digital deals. So hopefully that 
answers your question. 
Debashish: 
Sure. One last question if I may. In this quarter, we have seen that UK private has started growing 
for us after a very long time. Is it like we're getting some traction there or is it like a one-off we 
should not draw a conclusion out of it? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Yes, so it is an area which we had seen historical flatness and even decline in the previous years. 
The team has done a good job in focusing on some very specific sub-vertical, particularly sub-
verticals within financial services. We also are getting some good traction in our existing clients. 
We announced a win in a Central Bank which is a very key win in UK which also sets the stage 
for us to grow in that particular account going forward.  

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
So, there's some definite green shoots out there in the UK private sector, there's some positive 
signs. We do need to open some new marquee logos out there that can help us scale because 
we're still a small business out there, relatively speaking. Our public sector and central 
government business is much more mature. Our private sector business in UK is still in the 
growth phase. But definitely we are seeing some good signs in terms of both customer 
interactions as well as pipeline and order book. 
Debashish: 
Sure. From the order book it seems that this year our growth number will be in the high mid-
teens. Is my calculation correct? And if you can also give some indication that what would be 
the stabilized margin for us for FY '25? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Yes, Debashish as you know we don't provide guidance on specific numbers, but the top line 
momentum that we have in Q1 we feel that that's a healthy momentum that we should be able 
to continue in the remaining quarters. Margin anyways Arun also mentioned about the onetime 
hit in Middle East as well as the project ramp-up and the resources that we had to hold on to, but 
we definitely want to operate closer to that 16.5%, 17% type of margin in the second half of the 
year. 
Debashish: 
Sure. Thank you so much for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Jain: 
So, first is on U.K. Government, should we expect some acceleration ahead now that some of 
the uncertainty is behind in terms of contract awards that is one. And second was cost related. 
We also saw this reduction in D&A during the quarter. Is it onetime or this is a new rate for 
depreciation-amortization going forward? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Okay. Arun why don't you take the second and I'll cover the first. 
Arun Agarwal: 
So Mohit as I mentioned last time as well, we had onetime useful life alignment for the 
intangibles which you acquire during which basically comes at the time of acquisition of entities. 
So which was done as onetime. So what you see in depreciation is more the regular one and you 
will see the incremental increase as and when we make the capex, but broadly what you see in 
the current quarter is the range you should look for. 
Mohit Jain: 
And your tax rate should go towards 26%, is that correct?  
Arun Agarwal: 
Yes, it's broadly in the range of 26% to 27%. It keeps moving in that range because depending 
upon which geography is making more profit sometimes there's a blend with change, but I think 
26%-27% is a good range for us. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it sir. Sir on UK government acceleration effect if we should expect that? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Mohit your specific question was on UK government? 
Mohit Jain: 
Correct. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Yes. We have some very critical programs and policies that we are involved in and as you know 
it is a strategic part of our business from biometrics to immigration to some of the law 
enforcement as well as the work that we do for asylum and refugee management and there's 
always some pros and cons on the election timing. For us, it has worked in a positive way 
because some of the deals and some of the programs that we were going after both in our existing 
accounts as well as in our new departments that we were targeting like justice and drivers vehicle 
agency etc are now a lot more clearer in terms of potential timing and spend areas.  
But the cycles of the central government are longer as you know. And so some level of 
uncertainty will exist in the whole adjudication process, but we continue to feel strong about the 
growth potential in the assets and the differentiation that we have in the UK government. The 
manifesto of the Labour Party which includes clarity on immigration as well as health sector 
should hopefully benefit in the coming days and weeks, in fact after this I'm headed to UK and 
spending some time next week out there to engage with some customers and analysts and 
partners.  
But we do see that in a few weeks after the holiday period that typically ends in August, things 
should start opening up. We are already seeing some deals which again we cannot announce it 
right now because it was in Q2 and there's a quiet period, but there are some movements that 
have happened already after the elections.  
I think while some of the ministers are taking charge and some of the charters are being 
announced, there's also some increased action that we see in the defense sector which is another 
focus. If you remember in the last quarter, we talked about the overall defense sector and our 
bets on that from a medium to longer term. So we're starting to see things pick up in there as 
well. So yes, overall we continue to see momentum, but the nature of that business will have 
long cycles and so I think we should be just kind of prepared for that. 
Mohit Jain: 
All the best sir. Thank you. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Thanks Mohit.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Farid Kazani, Individual Investor. Please go-ahead sir. 
Farid Kazani: 
Good afternoon, Hiral and Arun. I have two questions. From numbers I observe that the 
profitability has significantly reduced from the US, and we look at EBIT from the 9% in the last 
quarter it's down to 3% and even last year it was much higher. While I know Arun did allude to 
some impact of that 1.2%, but what is causing this reduction and is there something else either 
as a pricing impact or is there some element that is causing the drop in the profitability 
significantly in the US.? That's my first question. 
The second question is with regards to the order backlog that has remained flat as compared to 
the last quarter. Can you give a little more color on it in terms of what's the breakup of this USD 
260 million between the geographies? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So, Arun why don't you take the US margin question and I'll address the order backlog. 
Arun Agarwal: 
And Farid right observation because that's what is I mentioned as well as you rightly highlighted 
because we were holding the resources some of the projects we were anticipating to start much 
earlier and there was delay from the client side and some of the start delay out there which led 
to holding the resources and what is reflecting into the margin profile. However, as we see the 
growth is coming back into the US geography, we believe we'll come back to a double-digit 
margin profile in the current year. That's the plan as we speak. 
Farid Kazani: 
So Arun the gap is significantly higher from what you gave in terms of reason and the 
quantification of that the gap seems to be much higher. Is it again with related to the mix of 
business or is it related to some pricing issues which is what is the probable cause? 
Arun Agarwal: 
No, it's predominantly one-time as I mentioned. There's no pricing issues as such. We continue 
to get good rates. Obviously, the kind of business, different service clients will have different 
margin profile and different rate profiles, but we are not seeing any margin pressure. It continues 
to be healthy, and we are not bidding for deals which are more of where you lose the pricing. 
We are bidding for the deals which are high-quality digital and cloud deals, and we are getting 
right price and right margin in those areas. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
And Farid, your question on order book backlog. While it is flat like you rightly pointed out 
quarter-on-quarter, we typically have an operating plan from Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, where our Q1 
order book starts typically a little bit slower in the terms of percentage terms. Although we did 
have a healthy order book in Q1, we're able to left shift some of the deals. So that's basically 
reflecting in terms of orders closed and the revenue that you saw, which is USD 97.3 million. 
 
So we do believe that the order book momentum both in terms of total order book as well as 
how it will reflect in the 12-month order book backlog, which we track very closely as you know 
will continue to increase. It has been increasing, I think last 8-9 quarters just broadly speaking. 
So that trajectory at an overall level will continue to increase. And then of course, we want to 
sustain the revenue momentum in terms of converting those orders into revenues. 
Farid Kazani: 
Okay. And the split between geographies? And how much of this USD 260 million, which is 12 
months, how much is the first 9 months, which will get accounted in this year? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Arun, do you have that handy? Or we may not have that handy, I think. 
Arun Agarwal: 
We don't have this handy but if required, we can discuss offline, yes. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
The question is about 9 months. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
I mean, there's typically a pattern where we track ACV of that, Farid but I don't think we have 
that split of what will be in the first 9 months, but we can get back on that separately. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Farid Kazani: 
Okay. Any update on fund raise that you guys would be looking at? And if there is, what's the 
kind of status on that? 
Arun Agarwal: 
No, we have stated I think there were some rumours as well going on in the market. I think we 
replied to the exchange, Farid. There's no development as such. But if anything comes, we will 
be proactive and be coming and informing to the investors. 
Farid Kazani: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nilesh Jethani, BOI Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
My first question was on the margin profile. So we had guided for 17%-odd margins level in 
FY'25 because we wanted to do some investments and focus on growth. So I wanted to 
understand with the margins what we have reported in Q1, how confident are you to achieve 
these margins on a full year basis or 17% was the exit guidance? 
Arun Agarwal: 
That's a good question, Nilesh. Obviously, we have said our endeavour has to be operate in the 
range of 17% in short term. And gradually, we'll see in the medium term how can we grow it 
but that was our stated objective. At the moment because of this onetime impact in Q1 our 
objective is to bring it back closer to 16.5% to 17%. That's the objective for H2 and that's where 
we'll exit, and we'll build on it for next year. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. So when I look at Mastek from a sustainable basis if give or take the annual revenue run 
rate what we are today at around USD 400 million just wanted to understand at what rate whether 
it is U.S. business scaling up from here or the existing core business growing at a much higher 
pace core as in the U.K.-Europe business growing at a higher pace. At what levels of revenue 
one can expect that 17% to 19%, which was the aspiration which we had, so that towards 19% 
kind of a number at what revenue run rate whether it is from a U.S. perspective or from the 
company's perspective, you can help me understand that? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So Nilesh, this is Hiral. Let me take that. Arun, feel free to add. The way we look at the 3 
geographies there is significant untapped potential in the U.S. market, which we believe in the 
right areas of health care Oracle and Salesforce as well as in the account mining focused bets 
that we have. Like I mentioned, it's taken a little bit longer to get to this point, but we have good 
critical mass right now. From here on, we believe that the margins in the U.S. will continue to 
improve over Q2 and the following quarters. And the year-on-year growth as well as quarter-
on-quarter growth in that geography will be faster than the overall company growth. 
 
In AMEA, which is our Middle East and APAC business, we have seen good growth. However, 
I do want to point out that we have been taking some very conscious call on exiting certain tail 
accounts, which again has been a by design strategy for us. We will continue that to make sure 
that the quality of the business that we have out there. There used to be a point where we used 
to open 30-40 accounts and then 15 accounts will be closed in the following quarters, and we 
don't want to be in that business. So the qualification of our accounts and new logos are very 
strong now. And we believe these are good medium longer-term accounts where we see 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
downstream business and our ability to take the entire Mastek suite of service lines and offerings 
to them. So even in our Middle East and AMEA business the margin profiles will go up. There 
will be some of these collection issues, which we've had in the past, which we're taking steps 
on. So that's as far as the AMEA business is concerned.  
On the U.K. public sector and U.K. business overall does operate at a very healthy margin. We're 
looking at the geography for closing some larger deals in the coming quarters. There is a couple 
of competitors very large MNC competitors who are not doing so well in that geography. So we 
have a good medium to longer-term opportunity to target market share grab. So I think the 
combination of these 3 kind of strategies in the various regions will evolve over the next few 
quarters where our margin profile should get more healthy. The leverage should be much better 
as well as we are running this program like I said, where we continue to find innovative ways to 
delayer our organization, create some more efficiencies internally not just in the delivery of 
software development lifecycle. But even in our processes so that we can continue to reinvest 
and repurpose into AI, into account mining, into large deals. So that's how we sort of are looking 
at this journey, Nilesh. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Okay. Because question actually was, say at USD 100 million U.S. run rate today, we expect 
say, give and take it grow at the company level or slightly higher in U.S. in this year and we 
would be able to reach at least double-digit margins in U.S. So going ahead, say from FY'26, 
FY'27 perspective if you continue to grow at, say 10%, 15%, 20% in U.S., so the incremental 
flow-through of those incremental revenue will fall into EBIT or will continue to deploy that? 
 
So are we looking at U.S. margins in isolation and want to drive that maybe towards the company 
level from 10%-odd aspiration by the year-end is that the thought process? Because U.S. is a big 
picture for us. As far as Mastek is concerned driving higher growth in U.S. will drive operating 
leverage, et cetera but also need to understand whether that will help us to drive margins for the 
company level itself? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So, we definitely want to get the U.S. margins closer to the company level. Like you rightly said 
we should be able to get into double digits in this coming quarter and in the H2 time frame. But 
in FY'26 and beyond; we'll always prioritize growth in the U.S. market because I think the 
opportunity untapped is still pretty high. But our margin profile needs to be a lot more closer to 
the company level. It might be a couple of percentage points lower, let's say in the 15% of the 
range. But we'll get to a much stronger business mix as well as profile in FY'26. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. And one last question from my side. In Q4, we got selected as a key supplier for U.K. 
defense department. The deal value was 1.2 billion GBP for that department itself the 
opportunity. Just wanted to understand what could be opportunity for Mastek A; and has the 
ramp-up begin? And what to expect from FY'25 or '26 perspective the numbers into top line 
from this deal itself? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
We have actually communicated this in a couple of other forums where the different lots that 
were awarded and the 2 specific lots where Mastek in one case is a prime, in one case is a sub. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
The total opportunity size for Mastek, of course we still have to go through the process and go 
through the win or adjudication process and have those in. But the total opportunity over the 
next 4 years is in the range of about 50 million from that particular win. Like I said, there's 
always pros and cons of the elections being happening earlier. There were some good 
advantages. 
 
But one of the things that happened is that the ramp-up on that was definitely paused in the last 
2 months. And now we are seeing that is starting to open up. So we see the defense and the ramp-
up from the wins that we had there, starting in August ramp-up, the actual impact in FY'25 is 
not going to be that significant, but there will definitely be some incremental impact in H2 in 
terms of revenue and it will start to pick up even more in the next 2 years. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Thank you so much, for answering all the question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Saket Souradh, from individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Saket Souradh: 
So yes, based on the Q4 con-call, so we had outlined 2 things. One, the margin part, which I 
think now we have scaled it down, right, from 17% to be maybe more around 16.5%, that too in 
H2. But as far as revenue aspiration is concerned, we had stated that the growth for FY'25 would 
be higher than what we achieved in, last financial year, which was, I think, 16%-17% kind of a 
range. 
 
So based on the order deferment and all those things that we have just outlined, so how confident 
are we of, say, doing better on top line growth perspective? Do you have any adjustment on that 
front as well? 
Arun Agarwal: 
As we mentioned, that there were one-timers, so as a pattern, we still hold our statement. We 
want to be operating closer to 17%, as I mentioned. So there was an impact in Q1. As you will 
see continuous improvement in quarter 2, we'll be improving further the margin profile. And in 
H2, we'll come back to 17% kind of the range is what we are looking for. And thereafter, that is 
what will get reflected into the margin profile of the company as we enter FY'26. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
And Saket, on the top line and revenue, I already mentioned, we're pleased with the quarter-on-
quarter Q1 growth. We feel that the healthy kind of top line revenue momentum will continue. 
We have some good growth in the pipeline that has happened in the last few quarters, and we 
believe that, conversion to order book and then, of course, conversion to revenue. While there is 
going to be continued delays in decisions, but we feel that the top line momentum of what we 
delivered in Q1 can be sustained in the following projects. 
Saket Souradh: 
Now coming to the recent change in the U.K. government. I know you alluded to that in the 
earlier queries. But do you expect any further delay in decision-making and especially on the 
NHS front, I think, which used to be our bread and butter, but has seen some bit of softness for 
the last, say, 12 months to 18 months. So any color on these 2 aspects. Overall decision-making 
from the government aspect and do you see NHS coming back to the growth? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So firstly, I think next few weeks, particularly August tends to be a little bit of a holiday period. 
But as the new government is taking charge and settling down, we feel there'll be a lot more 
clarity on decisions on budgets. We're seeing early signs already on, for example, in the revenue 
and customs department, there were a couple of deals that were paused 6 months back. We were 
hopeful 6 months back on some of the deals that got paused as a result of election period, and 
now they are coming back up, in terms of the process. So we're already seeing some early signs 
in those decisions and clarity of the process of some of those opportunities.  
As far as NHS is concerned, like you rightly mentioned, we had an impact in the last 2 years as 
a result of NHS, but we also communicated in the last quarter that it has bottomed out for us. 
And now with the U.K. elections already behind us, we see some really good green shoots there. 
There are two specific deals that if some of you might recall that we actually had won last year, 
but we could not ramp-up because those programs were put on pause. One was in collection, 
second was in pathways and both those have gotten rejuvenated, although it's in a slightly 
different size and scale, but we're back up there having conversations of how we re-engage in 
those. 
 
So NHS, we've also sort of raised our profile with multiple stakeholders across different 
departments. Our dependency was very high in the past with NHS digital after the reorganization 
happened last year and the consolidation under NHS, England. We now have 8 to 10 different 
stakeholders, new stakeholders that our team has done a fantastic job in building relationships 
over the last 6 months. Plus, we're also looking at sort of the arm's length bodies and the 
integrated care units, which include many of the NHS trusts where the spend happens. So to us, 
that's a gradual but evolving positive story, where I think NHS will be on a growth path going 
forward. 
Saket Souradh: 
Thanks, for the replies and best of luck for the upcoming quarters. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So once again, thanks for the engaging questions, your trust in Mastek. Hopefully, our response 
has provided more clarity on not just the current state and quarter, but also some of the initiatives 
and priorities that we are focused on and outlook for the future. I want to maybe close with 2 or 
3 comments. 
 
One is, we're very excited about our umbrella brand called iConniX, which is what we launched 
and announced a few weeks back. iConniX is our GenAI portfolio of offerings. While we've 
talked about only a few solutions around NVIDIA, around some of the Healthcare and retail use 
cases, but we're also working on some horizontal platforms. For example, our partnership with 
Microsoft in this solution called InfoGENius as well as our partnership with Oracle in our 
solution for HCM called TalentGenius. So, these are examples of conversational interfaces as 
well as GenAI solutions that we are building on these leading platforms. So overall, the industry 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
July 18, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
is starting to kind of get a grip around how this entire ROI will evolve around GenAI. And over 
the next few years, this is a USD 200 billion industry. We feel very excited that our positioning 
and differentiated approach which is lot more around platform thinking and industry-specific 
use cases is going to change not just our business mix, but also in terms of how we elevate our 
profile with customers. 
 
The second is, the 4 strategic priorities that we've communicated, we'll continue to stay focused 
on that. Our public sector central government business in U.K. our Healthcare business in U.S. 
powered by Oracle Cloud and Salesforce, our data and AI business globally and our overall top 
30 accounts. While we talk about our top 30 accounts, there are 20 additional accounts where 
we're starting to see some good traction. So overall, account mining story and cross-selling and 
much more deliberate profile of customers that we pick in terms of new logos as well.  
And lastly, I understand with the Q1 numbers, there is a drop in operating EBITDA, but we feel 
this onetime impact plus some of the resources that we had held on will be positive for us from 
a revenue perspective going forward. And with the momentum that we have across all 3 
geographies, including AMEA, U.K. Europe as well as U.S. our growth momentum can be 
sustained in the coming quarters. So with that, thank you, everyone, for your participation and 
look forward to future interactions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Mastek Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
