Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
 
 
5th Floor, Sunteck Centre, 37-40 Subhash Road, Vile Parle (East), Mumbai 400057. Tel: +91 22 4287 7800 Fax: +91 22 4287 7890  
Website: www.sunteckindia.com CIN: L32100MH1981PLC025346    Email Id: cosec@sunteckindia.com 
 
Date: 22nd August, 2024 
 
SRL/SE/40/24-25                                                                              
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SUNTECK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 512179 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call on Q1 FY 2025 results and Business Updates 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated 16th August, 2024, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on Q1 FY 2025 results and Business Updates. 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company. This can be accessed at the 
link below: 
 
https://www.sunteckindia.com/images/investor/financial/1724330068_Sunteck%20Realty%20-%20Earnings%20Call%20Transcript%20-%20August%2016th,%202024.pdf 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
 
 
Rachana Hingarajia 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
RACHANA 
VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA
Digitally signed by 
RACHANA VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA 
Date: 2024.08.22 
19:07:12 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Sunteck Realty Limited Q1 FY 2025 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMAL KHETAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - SUNTECK REALTY 
MR. PRASHANT CHAUBEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
SUNTECK REALTY 
MR. ABHISHEK SHUKLA – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY 
AND INVESTOR RELATION - SUNTECK REALTY 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sunteck Realty's Earnings Conference Call 
for Q1 and FY '25.  
We have with us today, Mr. Kamal Khetan – the Chairman and Managing Director of the 
Company; Mr. Prashant Chaubey – the Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Abhishek Shukla – the 
Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relation. 
Please note, this call will be for 30 minutes. And for the duration of the Conference Call, all 
participants' line will be in listen-only mode. This Conference Call is being recorded, and the 
transcript for the same may be put up on the website of the company. After the Management's 
Discussion, there will be an opportunity for you to ask question.  
There will be a Q&A session, and we request to restrict questions to two per participant. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*:”, then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. 
Before I hand the conference over to the Management, I would like to remind you that certain 
statements made during the course of this call may not based on historical information or facts, 
and may be forward-looking statements, including those related to business statements, plans and 
strategies of the company, its future financial condition, and growth prospect. 
These forward-looking statements are based on the expectations and projections, and may involve 
a number of risks and uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities, 
and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by such statements. 
I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Khetan – the Chairman and Managing Director of 
the company. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Kamal Khetan: 
A very good afternoon to everyone for joining us today and thank you for taking the time to 
participate in our Company's Earning Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 
2025. 
We have started FY '25 on the strong note with several positives, I would like to share five key 
highlights before our CFO – Prashant Chaubey, speaks on the financials. 
We did Rs. 500 crores of pre-sales in Q1 FY '25, this is 30% year-on-year growth with contribution 
from all projects. BKC project recorded Rs. 110 crores from the above. I am happy on the 
momentum pickup at BKC, as it is also directly close to our operating cash flow surplus. With a 
strong start to this financial year, we remain confident to achieve 30% to 35% growth in pre-sales 
for FY '25, as we had guided at the beginning of the year. 
Our operating cash flow grew slightly higher at 32% year-on-year and stood at Rs. 100 crores 
during the quarter. With the higher sales in BKC, two big project completion in FY '25, and higher 
pre-sales, I am confident Sunteck will deliver a stronger operating cash flow surplus growth in FY 
'25. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
Balance sheet continues to remain strong. We remain a net cash positive company. Gross debt is 
down over 60% since FY '22, today at 0.09x of the equity and it is less than one quarter cash 
collection. 
On execution, we have made a significant progress with completion of Sunteck Maxxworld project 
at Naigaon, and handover of units to almost 2,500 families. This marks a major milestone for us 
as cumulatively we have delivered more than 5,000 apartments in Sunteck World, Naigaon, over 
the past two years. The second project, Sunteck City, 4th Avenue at ODC Goregaon West, is also 
nearing completion, and shall be delivered in FY '25, well before the stipulated timeline.  
And lastly, happy to share progress at two of our major upcoming uber luxury projects. We have 
activated our investments in Dubai. Our project in Dubai is likely to be launched in the next 12 to 
15 months in FY '26. It has the potential of generating over Rs. 9,000 crores of sales, and our 
investment in the project is just around Rs. 250 crores for 50% of the profit share. Just to give you 
an idea that the project is in most sought-after locations of Burj Khalifa community area in 
Downtown near Dubai Mall. 
The Nepean Sea Road project, our second project is progressing well, and is in one of the best 
locations of South Mumbai. It is on the sea with an uninterrupted lifetime sea view. We are in an 
advanced stage of planning and started the process of site clearance. The project has a potential of 
Rs. 2,500 crores of gross development value. 
We are excited about these positive developments. And with low inventory months at our projects, 
we are likely to launch more in the coming quarters. We continue to be aggressive in identifying 
more opportunities which align with a high equity multiple philosophy to further exponentially 
expand our portfolio. 
I will now hand over the call to Prashant Chaubey for more information on Earning Performance 
of Q1 FY '25. Over to you, Prashant. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Thank you, Sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I trust you have had the opportunity to go through our 
latest results and the investor presentation which are published on our company website and the 
stock exchanges. I would like to take this opportunity to share a brief update on financial and 
operational performance of Q1 FY '25. The key details are as follows: 
We sold Rs. 502 crores worth of area in Q1 FY '25, which is a 30% growth over Q1 FY '24. 
Collections for Q1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 342 crores, which is a 19% growth over Q1 FY '24. The 
strong collections have resulted in a net operating cash flow surplus of Rs. 100 crores as against 
Rs. 76 crores in Q1 FY '24. 
Operating revenue in the P&L grew by 348% year-on-year for the three months ended June '24 to 
Rs. 316 crores in comparison to Rs. 71 crores in the same period in the last financial year. This 
was because of recognition of revenues from Sunteck Maxxworld, Naigaon, and BKC projects. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Our core EBITDA stood at Rs. 79 crores. However, except for a one-time charge, it would have 
been close to Rs. 170 crores. Adjusted for this, our core EBITDA margin is close to 50%, and 
reported EBITDA margin shall be close to 40%. 
We were expecting certain height approvals to utilize additional FSI in our existing development 
at Sunteck City Avenue 2 at ODC, Goregaon West. In line with this, the related costs were 
inventorized in the balance sheet. As we do not want to wait any further for the same, we have 
now amortized it in the P&L. 
We reported a net profit of Rs. 23 crores for the quarter ended June '24. Our net debt-to-equity 
stood at minus 0.01x with a cash surplus of Rs. 39 crores. Our total GDV excluding pre-sales 
already done stood at Rs. 37,480 crores. 
Thank you. With this, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Thank you so much and congratulations on good pre-sales momentum and also on the new project. 
Can you help me understand the broad economics of the Dubai project? How much would it cost 
you to build? And how would the money flow in from India to Dubai and back from Dubai to 
India? Is there any tax implication we will need to be ready with? Thank you. 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, this project is in 100% subsidiary of Sunteck. We have invested close to approximately just 
Rs. 250 crores, so it is a quite asset-light model. And the project is obviously, I have said in my 
opening remarks, is in the heart of Downtown in the Burj Khalifa community near Dubai Mall. 
And so, most of the money obviously will come from the pre-sale. Just for maybe a little bit more 
investment in the beginning, and no incremental investments we are looking at them, very clear. 
Some small money for the launches and all which may be required, which may go from India, 
which will be negligible with respect to the size of the project. And cost, obviously, the cost of the 
project is around Rs. 2,000 crores. And which should, most of it should come from the pre-sales. 
And we all know the Dubai market is doing extremely crazy well, on the launches the projects are 
getting sold almost to the 100%, tune of. And being this project in the heart of the, once again at 
the cost of repetition, heart of the Downtown, next to Dubai Mall, we do not see any problem there. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So Rs. 9,000 crores GDV, Rs. 2,000 crores construction cost. And from that, we should look at 
your share at 50%. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And what will be the time to complete? And who will be the construction partner there? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, we are identifying the contractors. So, one thing I am sure you must be knowing, Dubai today 
has the best, what we struggle in India to find a contractor, Dubai has best of the world's contractors 
working in Dubai. It is the international, now, capital of the world. So, we do not see any problem 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
in finding a contractor to do construction. And we will not be doing construction ourselves as what 
we do in India. So, we are very clear on that. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And who is the partner? And time to complete? 
Kamal Khetan: 
The partner is a group called MAS, M-A-S. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And time to complete? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, time to complete should be three to four years. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And secondly, if you can talk a bit about the progress on the IFC platform, is there anything that 
you're likely to conclude? And plus, if you can detail the launch plan for this space? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, IFC, we have already done a platform, you must be aware. We remain committed to that 
platform and build on that partnership. We are in process of evaluating the right project, and 
obviously hopeful of closing it soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Congratulations to the team on a great quarter. So, first question is on Nepean Sea Road, where 
are we in the approval process? And do you see the launch this year or maybe next year? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes, good evening, Abhinav. Can you repeat your questions, please? Once again, if you do not 
mind. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
On Nepean Sea Road, where we are on the approval process and what are the launch timelines? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Nepean Sea Road, we have vacated most of the tenants there, and we are clearing the site. And 
approvals are in the process. We are at the also advanced stage of designing of the project. As far 
as launch timeline, I have already mentioned in my last quarter call that we should be looking to 
launch this in either Q4 of FY '25 or Q1 of FY '26. That is at the cost of repetition I have mentioned 
that earlier, in the last quarter call also. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. Sir, secondly, for our growth guidance of this year, it has been a good start. So just wanted 
to check, A) how much unsold inventory do we have in all of the projects, as in which is launched 
but not sold, barring the BKC one? And what is the launch pipeline looking like? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, to start with your second question first, our launch pipeline. So, the launch pipeline, we have 
lined up a few launches in the obviously the coming quarter. The combined launches of the Sunteck 
for this year what we are planning is close to the GDV value of Rs. 5,000 crores, but we are looking 
at one new phase launch of Sunteck World in Naigaon, one new tower launch in Sunteck Skypark 
at Mira Road. One new phase again a launch of 5th Avenue after now as we are almost completing 
4th Avenue, so 5th Avenue at ODC Goregaon West. And one or two more new towers in Sunteck 
Beach Residences, our SBR project. Plus, again, in one or two more towers in Sunteck Crescent 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
Park at Kalyan. So, with all these obviously strong launch pipelines and sustenance sales, and 
again to repeat, combined GDV value of close to Rs. 5,000 crores, we expect our pre-sales to grow 
30% to 35% in FY '25. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Abhinav, Prashant this side. With regards to your first question of the unsold inventory. In our 
ready-to-move-in project in BKC, our unsold inventory is close to Rs. 1,200 crores. And in our 
ongoing projects, the unsold inventory is close to around Rs. 1,600 crores to Rs. 1,700 crores. And 
in terms of the cost to be incurred for our ongoing projects, it is close to Rs. 1,300 crores to Rs. 
1,400 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riddhi from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Riddhi Shah: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. Sir, I had one question regarding the pre-sales guidance 
as well as the EBITDA margins for FY '25, and also for the next two years if you could provide, 
Sir? 
Kamal Khetan: 
You are not clear. Can you mute some instruments around you? I think there is a problem. 
Riddhi Shah: 
Sir, I just wanted to know the pre-sale as well as EBITDA guidance for FY '25 and also for next 
two years. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
So Riddhi, as we have already spoken in our opening remarks, we are looking at a pre-sale growth 
of achieving 30% to 35%, that is what we are targeting. And in terms of our EBITDA margin, 
those numbers are already published in our presentation, and you can look at it from there. 
Riddhi Shah: 
Sir, would you provide for FY '26 and FY '27 as well, if you could give some ballpark figure? 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Riddhi, on a continuous basis, we are looking at 30% to 35% growth year-on-year. 
Riddhi Shah: 
And also, Sir, Dubai project if you could provide, like are we going to launch phase-wise the 
project, or if you could elaborate more on that? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Riddhi, Dubai, it's a one single land parcel, and you cannot have the phase-wise kind of a thing. 
So I think we will launch at a time, it's a one single project with maybe one tower or two towers. 
And that's how it is, so it will be launched at one single time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Just from the cash flow clarification perspective, so would it be fair to assume that had the 
collection from BKC not been accounted for, the operating cash flow would have been negligible? 
And if that is the case, why should that be? 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Puneet, your understanding is slightly incorrect. Basically, when you are looking at a cash flow, 
from a cash flow perspective you have to consider the cash flow from all the projects that we are 
getting. And in certain quarters, the cash flow from one project is higher than the cash flow in the 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
other quarter. So, if you look at the number on a yearly basis, like last year we did Rs. 484 crores 
of operating cash flow surplus, before that we did Rs. 428 crores of operating cash flow surplus. 
At which time my collections from BKC was very negligible. In fact, it was nothing. So, I would 
say that you should not look at it from just one quarter perspective. It has to be a more like a three 
or four quarter perspective, then only you will get to know the right picture. However, BKC 
collections are definitely helping us in our operating cash flows. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, it's just a one quarter anomaly here at this time? 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Yes. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And secondly, in respect to your BD cost for the projects that you already have in hand, what is 
the balance to spend on BD? 
Prashant Chaubey: 
So, Puneet, the balance cost to be spent on our BD of our existing projects is zero, is nothing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, my first question is on your business development. So currently, how many projects are we 
evaluating? And what would be the total GDV of these projects? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Biplab, so we are evaluating obviously a couple of projects. You all know market is good. We 
have obviously a strong BD team. But it will be very hard for me to disclose anything on this call 
that what are these projects and what will be their GDV value. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My second question is, Sir, on the ongoing projects what would be the receivables from these 
ongoing projects from the sold units? 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Biplab, Prashant this side. The receivables from the ongoing projects is close to around Rs. 2,300 
crores to Rs. 2,400 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Gupta from Briarwood Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarang Gupta: 
You have given the guidance on FY '26 and FY '26 pre-sales growth as well. You were saying you 
expect 30%, 35% growth to continue. Maybe just asking you about what are the drivers of this 
pre-sale growth continuing? Are you seeing your GDV, right, year-on-year the GDV is growing 
about 40%, so basically is this GDV growth that you think will lead to continue 30%, 35% growth? 
What are the trends you are seeing that give you confidence that we can pin this not just in '25, but 
also in '26? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. So, we will update you with, obviously, the new FY '26 guidelines to you slowly. But we all 
know whatever growth we are talking about in FY '25, which is only from the existing projects. 
We have not even considered Nepean Sea Road and Dubai into this, because both those projects 
are going for the launch. We are considering that if we miss out on Q4 for the Nepean Sea Road 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
launch, still we are confident that we will achieve 30% to 35% pre-sales growth from our existing 
projects. Because we are launching in every project, because we are left with very little inventory 
for all the existing projects. So, we are launching new phases and new towers in every project. 
And these existing projects which we call our growth engines, these are projects with the 
inventories of like six to seven years and eight years. And obviously, while we are talking this, we 
are also talking about that right now our GDV value is Rs. 30,000 crores, which we are saying that 
we will continue to add and we will make it to Rs. 60,000 crores over a period of next two to three 
years. And before even completion of FY '25, we have added this Rs. 9,000 crores of GDV from 
our Dubai project, so which has already taken us close to Rs. 40,000 crores. So, I think that explains 
itself, it is self-explanatory that for achieving this 30%, 35% growth year-on-year on the pre-sales 
for the next few years is very easily possible. 
Sarang Gupta: 
Basically, you are saying in FY '25 you get 30%, 35% growth from your existing portfolio, just 
launching new inventories there. And then next year you will have the impact of launch of Burj 
Khalifa and Nepean Sea Road which is Rs. 9,000 crores of total GDV. And so, then that will help 
you continue this growth into the next two years essentially? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. I think that growth will be, in fact, ideally it should be more than that. And plus there is many 
more projects of which already acquisition has been done but it has not been added to the GDV 
value. So, to give you one more example, let's say, Borivali, ESKAY Resorts, which is also there. 
Plus there is a Bandstand which is there, plus there are few more projects which we are 
contemplating, which I do not want to disclose before we complete the transaction, three-four 
projects which are sizable projects and which we would like to, as soon as we close those 
transactions, we would like to disclose it to the market. 
Sarang Gupta: 
And maybe just last question from my side is how, both Dubai and Nepean Sea kind of large 
projects in terms of year one pre-sales, you think when we launch them in FY '26, that will be a 
big boost to your annual sales? Like how do you think about sales expectations at Dubai? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, we want to be conservative when we are giving our guidance which we have maintained at 
30%, 35%. We all know if, obviously, the launches in Nepean Sea Road and Dubai looking at the 
current status of the market. Obviously, we may achieve much more than 30%, 35%. But we do 
not want to over-commit and then under-deliver. We are very clear on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just a clarification on the Dubai project. So the Rs. 2,000 crores construction cost includes 
approvals as well as sales and marketing or it will be over and above that? 
Kamal Khetan: 
No, I think that includes most of the cost, which includes your sales and marketing and approval 
cost, as well as your construction cost, which is we are talking about almost close to AED1 billion, 
so which is quite enough for a FSI which is -- for a sale area, which is close to 1 million square 
feet. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Kunal Lakhan: 
And secondly, on the Borivali project, what is the status there, and what will be the launch 
timeline? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So Borivali project, Kunal, I think when we are even a little bit uncertain, we do not add the project, 
we follow this discipline of not adding the project to the GDV value. And hence, I would like to 
refrain myself to give you any commitment or any timeline about that. At the moment we see the 
possibility of approvals getting expedited, obviously, we would first like to add it to the GDV 
value, and then come up with the timelines. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the great set of numbers. Sir, I had a question 
regarding BKC sales/ What I have seen is a quite a good improvement, so has there been a change 
in terms of strategy, in terms of selling or pricing? And what kind of output you can give there, 
whether this run rate should continue going ahead, or this would be a lumpy each quarter, and I 
know there will be some target with respect to BKC. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Ronald, Prashant this side. So, if you see in BKC in the last 12 months, we have done a pre-sales 
of close to Rs. 355 crores, and this is against Rs. 203 crores that we did in previous three financial 
years all put together. So overall, the momentum has definitely picked up in BKC by quite a 
margin, and we are quite confident that this will continue, and it will keep on continuing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Kamal Khetan for closing comments. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you all for taking out the time from your busy schedule today. In case if any of your queries 
have been left unanswered, you can get in touch with us. We look forward to your continued 
support. Thank you once again for joining us today, and please be safe. Thank you once again. 
Thanks. Bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sunteck Realty, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
