 
 
 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE                                                                 Date: August 07, 2024 
 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
To 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call held 
to discuss Financial Results for quarter ended 30th June, 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Thursday, 01st August, 2024 to discuss the unaudited financial results 
of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2024.  
   
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
 
 
 
Ashok Mishra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F6411 
 
Ashok 
Mishra
Digitally signed by 
Ashok Mishra 
Date: 2024.08.07 
17:09:40 +05'30'

RITES Limited 
Quarter 1 FY 2025 
01 Aug, 2024 
Moderator:
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Steve, Moderator for this 
conference. Welcome to the conference Call of RITES Limited to 
discuss its Q1 FY25 results. We have with us today, Shri Rahul Mithal - 
Chairman and Managing Director, Shri Arun Kumar Singh – Director 
Projects, Dr. Deepak Tripathi – Director Technical and Shri Krishna  
Gopal Agarwal - Director Finance & CFO.  
At this moment, all participants are in the listen only mode. Later we 
will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a 
question, please press * and one on your telephone keypad. Please 
note this conference is being recorded and in the interest of time and 
fairness to all participants, you are requested to restrict yourselves to 
one question per participant. Participants, time permitting, you may 
come back in the question queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Shri Rahul Mithal - Chairman and Managing 
Director. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Rahul Mithal:
Good Morning, at the out-set, let me start with giving the Safe Harbor 
statement. The presentation and the press release which we uploaded 
on our website and exchanges yesterday and discussions during the 
call today may have some forward-looking statements. These 
statements consider the environment we see as of today and obviously 
carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results 
could be different and we do not undertake to update those 
statements periodically.  
Let me give you a brief overview of Q1 performance with my opening 
comments and then can open the line for questions. The performance 
of Q1 has been muted. Let me analyze the numbers in a nutshell. The 
two main challenges which we have been talking about in the past, the 
dynamics which changed the business of inspection from IR and the 
export business.  
This quarter, if you compare Q1FY24, this Q1 hit us with full impact. So, 
Rs. 35 crores was the export revenue in Q1 of last FY and it was nearly 
nil in this Q1. The impact of the QA business of IR had a hit of about 
Rs.25 crores on YoY Q1 to Q1. So, this Rs. 60 crore was the net impact 

which you see has, and both being high margin streams of revenue, hit 
the top line and the bottom line. The encouraging trend is that the 
order book, as you see, jumped by about 11% from 31st March to 30th 
June, an addition of about 1300 plus crore orders which were across 
sectors whether it was export, rail-infra, highways, buildings, tunnels, 
airports, etcetera, and in fact if you compare the two quarters H1 of 
last FY, the orders we got was only about Rs. 600 crore and in the last 
few quarters we've got an order of about Rs. 3000 crore. So, this is 
about 5 times. And that is what we need to focus on execution of 
these orders in the coming quarters so that sequentially we are able to 
build up both on our top line and bottom line in the entire FY. So, with 
those opening comments, I leave the floor open for questions.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead.  
Vishal Periwal:
Yaa Sir, thanks for the opportunity. And first of all, congratulations on 
the receipt of orders and build up in order book. My question is on the 
margin front. Though in the previous quarters we have been alluding 
to it that margins will see some bit of impact. So, can we say, if I just go 
segment by segment, maybe consultancy EBIT margins of 40%. So, this 
is a new normal for us going ahead? 
Rahul Mithal:
Morning, Vishal. Yes, I think across the four streams of revenue, what 
we see today, both on an individual stream wise margin as well as the 
blended margin say in a particular quarter, the blended margin may be 
varying depending on the contribution of each stream of revenue, but 
averaged out over a longer period of time, let us say half year or FY, 
what we see is really where the margins are going to settle on a 
blended margin as well as the margins in the individual stream. And 
why I say this is you see till about two to three years back, our order 
intake, if you compare the ratio between competitive and nomination 
was roughly about two third nomination, 1/3 competitive and as we 
have progressed over the recent quarters. In fact, this quarter itself the 
ratio has been changing roughly to about 75:25 in competition, 
whether it is domestic or international order. And that is seen in the 
breakup of the order book also. So, the fact that we are competing and 
still getting orders, yes, moving forward margins will be definitely not 
comparable to the earlier trends. But I think this to my mind where we 
are today could be the let's say the new normal and would be where 
the margins would settle down in the coming quarters and years.  
Vishal Periwal:
So just on the margins, on the consultancy, we did mention like 40% is 
a new normal for us. But for turnkey in this quarter the EBIT margin is 
roughly 1.2 kind of number.  

Rahul Mithal:
Oh, I got it. Yes, yes. So, in turnkey you see the margins normally on 
again on an overall average over in any case round about 2% to 3%. 
And they may vary in quarter to quarter depending on the stage of 
execution of the turnkey project. In some quarter, the material supply 
is more and the execution is lesser, in some of the quarters the 
manpower execution is more so. So, it varies quarter to quarter but 
turnkey would still remain between about 2 to 3% on an average.  
Moderator:
We'll move on to the next question. It's from the line of Yash Gupta 
from Think sight advisory. Please go ahead.  
Yash Gupta:
Yeah, hi. Good morning, everyone. My first question is on Export. 
What's your plan for the current export order? And when we will start 
to book some revenue out of it and what's the expected number for 
the complete year?  
Rahul Mithal:
You see, there are two export orders which we got – Rs. 900 crores 
from Bangladesh of coaches 200 and Rs. 300 crores from Mozambique 
of 10 locomotives. As far as coaches is concerned, while they have a 
lesser period of manufacture, the process being lesser compared to a 
locomotive. We expect that with the necessary approvals in 
coordination with Bangladesh for the prototype designs because there 
are about 10 types of coaches in this 200 coaches’ order. We expect 
that they will start generating revenue by Q1 of next FY or we will try 
and maybe slip in few coaches end of this FY. Efforts would be on, but I 
think realistically by the time the prototypes are approved, they may 
slip over to the quarter one, once the manufacturing starts, the entire 
lots can be delivered very soon. So, that is as far as the coaches are 
concerned, as far as locomotives are concerned, by nature, they take 
about 12 months to 18 months to manufacture. However, having said 
that, we are very keen that we try and at least again ship out a few of 
those 10 locomotives by the end of this FY. So, for both those orders, 
our aim is to, you know aim for by end of this FY quarter four, but it 
may slip in into quarter one. So, between quarter four and quarter 
one, some shipments should start.  
Rahul Mithal:
The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead.  
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Sir, my question was around, you know, government CapEx versus 
private CapEx as government CapEx growth is reducing and private 
CapEx is expected to take over. Any changes in our strategy to serve 
incrementally higher to private clients compared to government?  
Rahul Mithal:
I'm glad you asked this question because you see our strength is that 
we across all our 13 verticals of consultancy over a period of time, we 
have both government and private clients. So, for example, whether 

it's a rail infra vertical, we are doing work with PSU's like NTPC, Sail, 
Coal India, whereas we are also doing work with the majors like 
Ultratech also. So, whether it is the inspection business while we are 
doing work with the government, we are also doing work with the 
process inspection with players like Jindal. We are doing work in ports 
for both private ports and government ports. We are doing work in 
airports for both private airports as well as government airports. So, 
across infrastructure verticals, we leverage the growth in CapEx and 
infrastructure, whether it is from the government CapEx or the private 
CapEx. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
So, you're indifferent as to whether one is coming from government or 
private CapEx. You expect orders to come in regardless the same rate?  
Rahul Mithal:
Yes, for sure.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, again, coming back to margins. 
So just one clarification. So, since the export orders are on a 
competitive basis, will we see a dip in margins there as well? Vis-a-vis 
previous quarters of previous years which we used to enjoy? 
Rahul Mithal:
Yes. You see both orders are for the first time ever, maybe in the last 
five decades, that we have got orders on a global competitive 
tendering mode. Erstwhile export of rolling stock orders were under 
the line of credit tenders floated by EXIM bank, where the competition 
is limited to Indian companies and obviously the competition is much 
lesser. So, when you are pitching and for example this 200 Coach EIB 
funded tender was a very tough competitive tender and the margins in 
the export stream also would be much lower than where we have 
been seeing the erstwhile margins in the export stream. So, as I said at 
the outset, the aim is to maximize the revenue across the streams of 
revenue so that in absolute EBITDA and profits we are able to grow, 
these are the levels of margins which I see settling down over a period 
of time.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
So just to summarize, so on an aggregate console basis, you know once 
all export orders also come under execution, is it fair to assume that 
we will be at say closer to 20% EBITDA margins?  
Rahul Mithal:
Well, you see again the point I'm trying to make is that in a particular 
quarter, the blend of revenue would maybe have a variation, but 
overall, over a period of time, these are the kind of range which we can 
see settling out over a period of time averaged out.  

Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, Sir. Got it. Thank you, and, All the best.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nemish Sundar from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead.  
Nemish Sundar: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. So first, just one question on 
the employee cost. So last year we observed, in line with the target to 
reduce employee cost, they were largely reducing are flat, but this 
quarter we have seen a slight rise in employee costs. So, is this ahead 
of some anticipation of some orders in turnkey or consultancy that we 
are ramping up our employees’ time? 
Rahul Mithal:
Yes. In fact, as a strategy, a year to year and a half back, we were trying 
to see what the optimum level in our existing employee strength for 
the way is forward for our business model and then as a conscious 
decision in the last FY as we ramped up our bidding and getting orders 
as I said at the outset, we have got Rs. 3000 crore orders in the last 
few quarters vis-a-vis 600 crores in the 1st H1 of last FY. So, we got five 
times the order receipt and you see the growth in the order book also. 
So, to be able to execute this, we had a conscious decision to timely 
induct people of various skills at various levels. And that is why if you 
compare YoY, there is a growth in the employee strength net addition 
of about 250. This is besides a superannuation of about 100 odd, so 
gross we have inducted about 350 additional which is the net input 
plus of about 250 which is a conscious decision. So, while there as you 
correctly said there is an increase in cost or the cost YoY is flat even 
though the revenue has fallen and thus impacting the margins also, but 
this is a conscious decision because as these orders have to be 
executed, we cannot have a time gap for hiring the employees and we 
need faster execution in the coming quarters, so it's a conscious 
decision to, you know, build up this bench strength and yes, maybe 
this would incur a cost for one or two quarters before they start 
generating revenue.  
Nemish Sundar: 
OK. Thank you for that, Sir. I have a couple of more questions. And I'll 
join back in the queue. Thanks.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Think 
sight advisory. Please go ahead.  
Yash Gupta: 
So, my second question is one was on NHAI and Delhi Metro 
agreement. Recently we have done one more agreement with the 
NHAI. Can you throw some light on it and how we see both this 
agreement turns towards the revenue?  
Rahul Mithal:
Yes. So let me first talk about the NHAI MOU. We have been working a 
lot together over the last many years and this is a natural partnership 

between NHAI and us. We have a very strong highway design unit as 
well as safety, quality control, tunnels & bridge design units etc. So 
NHAI and we will be complementing each other’s strengths. The design 
and quality control and safety aspects of their work, we would be 
there, kind of supplementing or you want to call it a back office or we'd 
be partners in their growth as they have a high CapEx and a high rate 
of execution. Similarly, DMRC, we have been partners for more than 
three decades now. We have done a lot of work with DMRC and this is 
further moving forward as DMRC is you know diversifying and pitching 
for other cities, both domestic and international. They are diversifying 
and growing their business portfolio and we have been working with 
DMRC for long. So, we are partnering with them for both domestic and 
international opportunities, whether it is for operation, maintenance, 
design you know or rolling stock design etc. So, both are natural 
partnerships where our teams have been working with each other in 
any case for last 2-3 decades.  
Yash Gupta: 
 
Difficult to comment as of now for on the revenue front? 
Rahul Mithal:
See, these are kind of partnerships where each of the opportunities, as 
they come up both domestic and international, depending on the size 
and scope of the opportunity we will be working together. As I said, 
each opportunity will have a different element of share between the 
two of us.  
Yash Gupta: 
 
OK. Thank you, Sir. All the best.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Mithani from 
Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead.  
Raj Mithani:
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. What would be your guidance 
for the current year and year forward in some current terms of top 
line? And would we maintaining broadly 20% net margins which have 
been maintaining so far?  
Rahul Mithal:
Morning. As far as the first part of your question, you see the Q1, both 
in terms of top line and bottom line, maybe have hit the bottom of the 
barrel to play and our effort will be that Q2 onwards we build up on 
that. Q2 may be a little tough because of, you know, the execution 
being affected maybe by heavy rains in certain geographies. However, 
efforts will be made to minimize the impact on our execution and 
revenue. But having said that our effort will be that for the sequentially 
we see a growth in revenue as well as trying to leverage the higher 
margin orders out of the order book and aim would be to try and reach 
as close as possible to the last FY levels, despite the muted 
performance of Q1. So that's the guidance for the entire FY 
sequentially moving forward. As far as margins are concerned, again to 

reiterate this, the margins that you see, whether in the individual 
streams of revenue or the blended margins, they have had the worst 
hit in this quarter because of the contribution of inspection as well as 
export, so moving forward, I think the margins remain in this range or 
maybe a little bit improvement as the export revenue contribution 
starts and the number of non-IR inspection orders which we have 
taken in the last few months. They will start, they have already started 
generating revenue. They are at the initial stages, but their 
contribution will grow in the coming quarters. So definitely maybe a 
little improvement vis-a-vis the Q1, but by and large definitely settling 
down to a blended margin in the range that we have seen in this 
quarter.  
Raj Mithani:
Thank you, Sir. I will Join back in the queue.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from 
JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Vinamra Hirawat: 
I just wanted to update you know, I think we still have a Zimbabwe 
order that's pending. I just want to know is it being delayed because of 
any instability in Zimbabwe’s currency freight rates and if there any 
other exports in the pipeline that can be converted in the next couple 
years?  
Rahul Mithal:
So as far as the Zimbabwe order is concerned, it's not really because of 
any instability. The structure of the agreement which we signed with 
them last year was, while the quantum of locomotives and wagons and 
the value of about USD 80 odd million order was also clear, depending 
on the funding. We were very clear that we would not take it in our 
order book unless the clear funding is concrete from their side for 
which they have been working on from the AFREXIM Bank. We are 
constantly in touch with them for whatever input they need from our 
side. It is moving maybe a little slowly between one year, but it is 
moving on the right track, and we are hopeful that as soon as the final 
funding is sanctioned by AFREXIM bank, they will go ahead with, the 
necessary advances etc. And that's the time when we will declare it to 
stock exchanges and put it in our order book. As far as other export 
opportunities are concerned, there are a large number of export 
opportunities which are in line with our bidding for the Bangladesh and 
Mozambique order. Not only have we bid on competitive mode in 
various geographies, but we are also engaging with various 
geographies in trying to export certain types of rolling stock, including 
some in-service diesel locomotives from Indian Railways, which have 
now been become available because of the electrification Indian 
Railways. So, I think moving forward, we are looking forward for some 
more orders in this FY.  

Vinamra Hirawat: 
And what is the expected potential market size for us and what is the 
we're looking at just the ballpark figure maybe?  
Rahul Mithal:
The market size is huge because in terms of all types of rolling stock, 
whether competitive or nomination, including metro coaches etc., 
which we have forayed into the market is huge across geographies. So, 
sky is the limit.  
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Got it. Thank you.  
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan Jain from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.  
Ketan Jain:
Thank you. Sir, what would be your order inflow guidance for FY25?  
Rahul Mithal:
You see the orders in flow for Q1 have been, as I said, an order book 
growth of about 11% within a quarter, fresh orders, we got about 80 
plus totaling to about 1300 crores. Also, if you see, we have been 
maintaining that one order a day for the last two quarters. This quarter 
it's about 0.92, but that will average out for the year and definitely on 
the FY basis, we will be a 1 order a day company. So, I think to say that 
the order book vis-a-vis 31st March 24, will be higher when you see on 
31st March 25, considering also the revenue that we do in 24-25. But 
there is going to be a substantial growth in the order book as the trend 
is showing.  
Ketan Jain:
Any particular number on the inflow, Sir? 
Rahul Mithal:
As I said, we will be aiming for one order a day. That's our target, that's 
our vision, that's we have been able to maintain and we will be able to 
maintain that.  
Ketan Jain:
OK. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question. It's from a line of Nemish Sundar 
from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.  
Nemish Sundar:  
Yeah. So, thanks for the follow up. Just one question. Can you give the 
revenue contribution from quality assurance in this quarter?  
Rahul Mithal:
You see, quality assurance, the revenue is a merged revenue with the 
consultancy total overall revenue. But what I can definitely tell you is 
certain features of the quality assurance revenue which will tell you in 
perspective how it has progressed in this quarter. If you compare vis-a-
vis FY23, the contribution from IR to non IR was about 80 to 20 or 
about 75:25. In 23-24, it's about 60:40 and now in this we have 
graduated to about 55:45, 55 as non IR clients in QA and 45 as the IR 

client. So moving forward what we are aiming is that in QA business, 
taking the impact of the change scenario as I've been mentioning fee 
cut in last year first quarter and the full impact has been fell in this 
quarter because all the old orders of QA as per the old rates finished 
and now we are getting all inspection calls as per the new rates and 
that also as one of the four players. We have taken orders, whether it 
is from the Gem portal, whether it is from the PM Vishkarma scheme, 
whether it is solar, renewables, power discoms, defense, state 
government. So, the contribution has turned on its head within two 
years and it has become non-IR about 55% vis-à-vis IR at 45%. So, we 
are aiming to come back to the levels of the total revenue which we 
were about two years back or maybe even a year back when this new 
regime started kicking.  
Nemish Sundar:  
Thank you so much, Sir. All the best for the thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
investments. Please go ahead.  
Parimal Mithani:  
Sir, thank you and good morning. If I see sequentially order book, Sir, 
there has been a reduction in the consultancy business overall, and 
one of the things is if you compare from the last March quarter ended 
to the current quarter, if I see the revenue from the competition, the 
side of the business is increasing and the nomination is decreasing 
over this trend if I see, vis-à-vis also year wise. So, is it fair to say Sir, 
that more or less a revenue in consultancy are getting stabilized? 
Rahul Mithal: 
No, to the contrary in fact the consultancy order are the most of the 
orders which we have been getting are besides these big export 
orders. Consultancy has been the largest number if you see the rate of 
one order a day. In terms of value, even today at Rs. 6350 crores order 
book, consultancy is the highest share. It is Rs. 2500 crores. Yes, in 
terms of execution, as I said at the outset, both in terms of type of 
projects where our fee is dependent on execution of the projects at 
the ground level as well as certain type of consultancy orders where 
there are master plan studies etc., we need to expedite and speeden 
up the execution in the coming quarter so that their contribution of 
the consultancy in the overall revenue is much more. So, in terms of 
getting order or the order book, the future growth as well as the 
trends will be ‘consultancy continue to remain playing a very major 
role’ and just to give you an example of orders in the last quarter in the 
last few months itself, we have got orders in consultancy across 
sectors. So, whether it is a highway order in Assam of Rs. 42 crore, a 
rail infra order in Karnataka for about Rs. 27 crore, it's a jetty order in 
Porbandar for about Rs. 8 crore, it's an MMLP in Indore for Rs. 7 crore. 
So, I mean there are airports, mobility plan in Bihar at Rs. 6 crore. 
These orders are across sectors, and this is the heartening feature that 

the consultancy orders are coming across all our verticals, not in one 
particular vertical only.  
Parimal Mithani:  
And sir, in terms of quality assurance business, is it fair to assume that 
margin are more or less stabilized now going forward from here?  
Rahul Mithal: 
I think the quality assurance contribution, as I have said now it has 
flipped on its head in terms of 55 being non-IR business and 45 being 
IR business and by and large this quarter saw the full impact of the 
change regime of the new IR QA order, so in terms of margins for the 
contribution of the QA to the blended margins, I think maybe yes. This 
is to be the new normal as someone said in terms of since this is what 
we will continue to build up on our non-IR clients. Yes, most of them 
are competitive basis so there will be issues in margin of the QA 
contribution. But by and large this business model or this ratio 
between non-IR has stabilized over a coming period of time.  
Parimal Mithani:  
Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupali Junikar, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Rupali Junikar:
Good morning. Congratulations on securing the Award on most 
wanted company to work with.  
Rahul Mithal:  
Thank you very much for your kind words. Thank you.  
Rupali Junikar:
My question is regarding the consultancy. As we are seeing that there 
is a continuous decline like for quarter on quarter and also year on 
yearly basis. So, is it because of the political impact or can you throw 
some color on it?  
Rahul Mithal: 
You see, first of all the decrease in consultancy is not there really. If 
you dive deep down into the breakup, It's primarily as I said because 
the inspection business has been counted as part of the consultancy 
business. If you see the project consultancy, in fact, last year we had an 
all-time high project consultancy revenue. We are winning the order as 
I mentioned to the previous participant, we are getting across our all 
verticals, so our growth, both in terms of order book, both in terms of 
our strength that we have verticals of consultancy across all areas of 
infrastructure. Further sequentially quarter wise, the growth in 
execution is fully governed by our strength in consultancy. We are a 
consultancy company, we take pride in it and that's our strength so 
whether, as I said, getting one order a day or converting this order 
book of consultancy which is the maximum Rs. 2500 crores out of Rs. 
6350 crores, that is our focus. That you will see continue growing 

whether in terms of the size of the order book or its contribution to 
the revenue.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Mithani from Jupiter Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Raj Mithani:
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity again, Sir. Now listening to your 
comment, is it fair to think say FY26 onwards will be on the takeoff 
mode? It's fair to think that way because the order is coming in, export 
probably kicking back, quality assurance coming in. 
Rahul Mithal: 
See Raj, as I said at the outset, we believe in being very clear and 
transparent to all our shareholders and stakeholders and that's why we 
give a very clear and realistic assessment of our strengths and 
performance. The quarter 1 performance as I said at the outset, due to 
the various reasons has been muted and our efforts will be that this 
order book that we have accumulated and managed to get in a very 
strong competitive environment, we are confident that the trend is 
that we will continue to get this rate of order and that's the very 
reason why in spite of a cost, we have inducted about 350 plus people 
in the last one year. So, as I said, even though it's a carrying cost for 
few quarters, we are going ahead as a conscious decision because we 
see that in the coming quarters at the balanced part of this FY, 
especially H2 onwards and as you correctly said, the next FY we will 
build up and focus on faster execution of this order book and continue 
getting orders at this rate. So, with that, while there is lot to be done, 
but yes, our basic strength and ability based on our credentials and our 
capability of our team, I am sure that we will sequentially aim to grow 
on this platform.  
Raj Mithani:
So, the bonus is sort of signaling confidence in the years to come, is it? 
One is to one bonus? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You're very correct. That is our confidence in our capability and our 
inherent strength that, as I said, our order book, our bench strength 
and the visibility of fresh orders make us confident that as we execute 
our order book faster, we will be able to grow on this leverage and 
grow on this platform.  
Raj Mithani:
Congratulations and all the best for that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead.  
Vishal Periwal:
Yes, Sir. Thanks for the follow up, Sir. In terms of export orders, I think 
the PT mentioned that Bangladesh orders completion is 2029 and 
Mozambique is 2025. So, is it fair to say probably this year anything is 

happening or maybe next to 2025, any execution is happening or 
revenue buildup is happening then it's primarily Mozambique, the 
Bangladesh could pick up maybe FY27 in terms of supplying the 
maximum of the orders, is it fair to say that?  
Rahul Mithal: 
No, you see, coming separately to the Bangladesh order, it is as per the 
contract, it's about 36 months, but the coaches, as I said have a 
shorter period of manufacture and both Bangladesh railway is very 
keen, they have a lot of shortage of coaches and we are very keen 
since they have a shorter period of manufacture, vis-a-vis locomotives 
that we are trying to push and coordinate literally on a weekly basis 
with them so that the 10 types of coaches which are there in 200 
coaches, the prototypes are approved and we start bulk manufacture. 
So, my assessment is that we will definitely start shipping out few lots 
of coaches by quarter one of next FY. We may aim try and squeeze in 
few by end of this FY, but maybe quarter one is definitely a realistic 
where we will get this as far as again locomotives are concerned while 
they have a longer period of manufacturing of about 15 to 18 months 
but again Mozambique is very keen for movement of the minerals etc. 
We will try and ship out at least one or two locomotives by end of this 
FY. So again, while Q1 next FY, definitely some locomotives, we would 
aim to ship out, but both in locomotives and coaches, we will try and 
see if maybe we can slip in a few by end of this FY.  
Vishal Periwal:
Sir, thanks for the detailed clarification. I'll come back in the queue. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rupali Junikar, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Rupali Junikar:
Just a small question. Are the orders of non-IR, the nomination one or 
the competition?  
Rahul Mithal: 
No. In fact, most of them are on a competition basis and that is the 
whole trend. As I said maybe at the outset across whether any of our 
stream of revenue, whether it is consultancy, QA, turnkey export, all 
our streams of revenue, the trend which about two to three years back 
was roughly about you know, two third one third in terms of 
nomination versus competitive has now turned on its head in his 
roundabout, if you count the last few quarters, maybe two quarters 
into fresh order. It is about 80-20 in terms of competition and vis-à-vis 
nomination. And if you see the breakup of the current order book also 
because it has some old orders of nomination that itself, you will see 
the changing trend in that. As of today, it is 61 competitive 39 
nomination even in the existing order book and fresh orders which we 
have received in the last quarter ratio is roughly about 80 competition 
and 20 nominations.  

Rupali Junikar:
OK, understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
would now like to hand the call over to the management for their 
closing comments.  
Rahul Mithal: 
Thank you. And as I said at the outset and during the discussion, the 
focus is on, number 1, execute the existing order book at a faster pace, 
even faster than maybe the expected contractual requirements in 
various contract agreements so that we try and maximize the revenue 
realization moving forward sequentially quarter on quarter. Parallelly 
continue this trend of bidding aggressively for both domestic and 
international, both consultancy as well as export orders so that the 
trend which we have seen in the last three quarters of getting Rs. 3000 
crore fresh orders, we are able to maintain this trend of getting fresh 
orders in the coming quarters. So, with that we have, as I said, built up 
our bench strength. While yes, the quarter one has been muted, but 
our aim is moving forward to see a sequential improvement quarter in 
quarter so that we reach as close as possible to the last FY on a FY 
basis. Thank you.  
Moderator:
On behalf of RITES Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript 
describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward-looking statements" within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, 
changes in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to 
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities.
