 
 
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                             CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com 
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com 
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F +91 40 2311 0352 
 
 
7 August 2024 
 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                                     
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
 
 
 
          Exchange Plaza,                                                                         
Dalal Street   
 
 
 
 
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                                         
Mumbai 400001. 
 
 
 
          Mumbai-400 051.  
Scrip Code: 532175 
 
 
 
          Scrip Code: CYIENT 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Q1 FY25 earnings conference call conducted after the meeting 
of Board of Directors held on 25 July 2024. 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at www.cyient.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
For Cyient Limited 
 
 
Ravi Kumar Nukala 
Dy. Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Kumar 
Nukala
Digitally signed by Ravi 
Kumar Nukala 
Date: 2024.08.07 
16:17:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Cyient Limited Q1 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, CYIENT 
LIMITED 
MR. KARTHIK NATARAJAN – CEO AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. PRABHAKAR ATLA – CFO AND PRESIDENT, 
CYIENT LIMITED 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Cyient Limited Q1 FY25 Results 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu - Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much and good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cyient Limited’s 
Earnings Call for the 1st Quarter of Financial Year 2025. I am Krishna Bodanapu - Executive 
Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Cyient. Present with me on this call are Karthik 
Natarajan - CEO and Executive Director and Prabhakar Atla - CFO and President. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's discussions 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement 
in this regard is available in our investor update, which has been emailed to you and is also 
posted on our corporate website. This call will be accompanied with an earnings call presentation 
and the details of which have been already shared with you. 
In DET to say the least, we saw a significant number of operational challenges this quarter, 
resulting in weaker than expected performance for this quarter. However, we are very confident, 
I would say, of a robust recovery starting Q2, which will continue throughout the year and this 
is backed by a strong order book which includes a double digit growth in order backlog and 
engagement health across our top customers and also a robust addition of new clients in the last 
couple of quarters. Karthik and Prabhakar will cover these aspects in much more detail in the 
next few minutes. 
However, coming to the significant highlights for this quarter, our credentials in the 
semiconductor electronic segment both through Cyient DET and Cyient DLM, have enabled us 
to set up a wholly owned subsidiary to drive dedicated focus on turnkey ASIC design and chip 
sales through a fabless model for analog mixed-signal chips. What this means is if you look at 
the growth in the semiconductor business today, a lot of the chips that are being used are chips 
that take an analog signal, i.e., a real world signal, sensory signal, be it based on light, sound 
what have you and converted into a digital signal that can be processed by some computing 
equipment. By turnkey, what we mean is we are able to design these chips, we are able to 
fabricate these chips, test these chips, prototype these chips and sell these chips to our customers. 
We already have this ability within Cyient to provide an end to end service offering for these 
turnkey chip design and now we believe that there is a significant opportunity along the lines 
with the value unlock of Cyient DLM to actually create a separate business that can exclusively 
and dedicatedly focus on turnkey ASIC. 
This decision marks a significant leap forward in our commitment to innovation and excellence 
within India's growing semiconductor landscape. You may have also seen a number of 
announcements that have been made in the last couple of months on various elements of 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
semiconductor, be it semiconductor FABs or semiconductor OSATs, but we believe that we are 
one of the few and unique companies that are able to provide an end to end solution by leveraging 
various capabilities including design FAB, OSAT, testing etc. As you know, the global 
semiconductor market is in a significant growth pace and it is expected to hit a trillion dollars 
by 2030, IESA, which is the Indian electronics and Semiconductor Association, forecasts the 
industries growth to be $100 billion by 2030. We are well positioned to capitalize on these vast 
opportunities for growth and influence in this evolving market. Our portfolio of over 600 
intellectual properties covering the range of functions and technologies, longstanding 
engagements with key clients and global capabilities gives us a strategic edge to achieve 
significant growth in this market. This unit will report to me and I believe this move has immense 
potential like I said, along the lines of Cyient DLM to unlock value for our shareholders. 
With this, I would like to hand over this call to Prabhakar who will take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter. 
Prabhakar Atla: 
Thank you, Krishna. Hello, everyone. Thank you very much for your kind participation on the 
call today. Before we proceed with the financials, allow me to make a comment on the segments 
and reporting. For the current quarter, the nomenclature and the segment under which we report 
our group performance will remain the same as the previous quarter, i.e., DLM, DET and others. 
With the announcement that we made on the setup of the subsidiary to focus on our turnkey asset 
business going forward in the year, we intend to report that business as a separate segment, but 
for the current call, the reporting will continue as earlier and the focus of this call will remain 
the DET segment. 
Just so that we have enough time for Q&A, I will only call out the key numbers on each page in 
the presentation: 
The Q1 FY25 dollar revenue for DET stood at 169.6 million, a Q-o-Q degrowth of 5% in 
constant currency and a Y-o-Y degrowth of 3.6% in constant currency. In rupee terms, this 
revenue stood at Rs. 1,414 crores with the Q-o-Q degrowth of 5% and a Y-o-Y degrowth of 
2.8%. Later in the call, Karthik will provide more color on the key drivers for the Q-o-Q revenue 
movement along with the full year view. The Q1 FY25 DET EBIT margin stood at 13.5% down 
by 256 bps quarter-on-quarter. This Q-o-Q movement was largely driven by the absorption 
impact arising from the Q-o-Q revenue movement and also our continued investments in sales 
and technology to support future growth. We also focused on building capacity and capability 
in Q1 to service deals won in the previous quarters, which will flow into revenue in the following 
quarter that had some impact on the above movement. The Q1 FY25 PAT for DET stands at Rs. 
141 crores translating into an EPS of Rs. 12.86 for DET. The Q1 FY25 DET FCF stood at Rs. 
164 crores with a negative movement of 30% quarter-on-quarter owing to the seasonality of the 
accrual and release cycles in this business. Q1 FY25 DET debt position stood at USD 46.7 
billion, a reduction of 14% quarter-on-quarter and a reduction of 44% year-on-year in line with 
the focus that we have to retire debt proactively. 
Moving on to group numbers: 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Group numbers are a combination of all the three segments we have, including Cyient DLM. 
The group revenue stood at INR 1,676 crores for Q1 FY25 which is degrowth of 0.6% year-on-
year with an EBIT degrowth of 281 bps year-on-year and a PAT degrowth of 18.6% year-on-
year. The PAT movement on Y-o-Y basis is not like to like since in Q1 of FY24 we only had 
partial dilution due to minority interest in DLM, i.e., only for one month in that quarter while in 
Q1 FY25 we have the full quarter duration computation of minority interest. The group FCF for 
the quarter stood at Rs. -15 crores INR and the Q-o-Q movement is primarily due to the cash 
consumption cycle in DLM business, which continues to grow at a steady and healthy pace. 
With this, I would like to thank you again for your time and attention and I will hand over the 
call now to Karthik for a more detailed commentary on DET performance and outlook. Thank 
you. 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Thank you, Prabhakar. Good evening. Good day everyone. And on top of what Krishna and 
Prabhakar had talked about and I will kind of give a color for each of the verticals and how did 
they do for Q1. We had a challenging quarter for sure and I will provide more details about it in 
each of the slides that I plan to cover in the next few minutes. 
Transportation, which has come at 49.3 million revenue in Q1 Fiscal 25 had degrowth of 7% 
quarter-on-quarter and I will focus on the constant currency column and year-on-year -8%. And 
just to recap, Aerospace had seen the growth over the last 12 quarters, 9 of them and the 
challenge continues to remain in rail and that is the reason why we have seen a degrowth in Q1. 
Connectivity, which has come at 37.5 million has seen de-growth of 7.6% QoQ year-on-year -
decline of 16.9%. The good news is we have the highest order intake for connectivity in Q1 and 
we expect a strong recovery for the remainder of the year and we are confident that this would 
really start getting into the growth trajectory soon. 
Sustainability, has come at 56.2 million and which has seen QoQ degrowth of -2.8%, year-on-
year growth continues to be at 8.8%. Just to recollect that this particular segment has seen 10 out 
of 12 quarters of growth and we do expect that the growth momentum will continue even in the 
future. New growth areas, which has come at 26.6 million has seen a degrowth of 1.6% in 
quarter-on-quarter and 3.8% in year-on-year. We do expect the highest order backlog from new 
growth areas. This gives us confidence that it will start growing at double digits as we close the 
year. 
In terms of order intake, we ended up at 182.7 million and this is with -5.4% in year-on-year 
growth. We also closed 5 large deals with the total contract potential of 52.4 million and two 
from connectivity, two from sustainability and one from aerospace. The connectivity deals have 
already started ramping up at the end of Q1 and that is one of the reasons why we had a miss in 
Q1 because we expected them to start almost at the end of the first month, but we ended up 
starting the project by third month and which is something that we couldn't avoid. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Let us go to the next slide and also we continue to make progress in terms of our innovation and 
especially led by Technology Solutions team and I just want to highlight a few wins that we had 
for the last quarter. Starting with modernizing the enterprise usability platform for the Hospital 
Patient monitoring system and to improve the clinical workflow efficiency for the healthcare 
customer. And followed with Automation and Process optimization solution for an industry 4.0 
and MES system for an energy processing plant, it is a great win for us and we expect this to 
scale up. And the third one which I will highlight is on the win with the global automotive OEM 
to achieve the regulatory compliance on cybersecurity and this is expected to grow as a practice 
as well as a growth area with automotive. 
And the other one which I want to highlight is a very interesting project on developing an ASIC 
for an intelligent neural systems with advanced electronics that gets into the neuro application 
device and we expect this to be significant win in terms of revenue as well as capability that we 
will work on as part of the brain mapping program. And highlighting few things, we had made 
significant progress on Generative AI and we have won about (+15) projects in the last quarter 
and covering various elements of product, data management, engineering, information 
management, AI assisted PMO, customer experience, customer support, product support and we 
are continuing to see momentum as far as Generative AI is concerned. 
Now going back to Outlook and as you would have heard in the last few minutes, Q1 was weaker 
than expected and we expect a strong recovery to begin in Q2. We already started seeing that 
and we do expect our H2 to be strong. Given the weak Q1, high single digit growth for the year 
will be a stretch that we mentioned in our last earning call. We are being prudent and transparent 
in providing you with the guidance in Q1 that it will be flattish year-on-year in constant currency 
terms. In terms of EBIT margin, as this is the function of revenue trajectory, we will update in 
Q2 and Q3, but we are confident of reaching the margin range of previous yearly level of 16% 
by end of Q4 Fiscal ‘25 as the revenue growth starts. 
To provide a little more color on the business indicators, just want to reinforce what Krishna 
started out this discussion, to throw more light on key things that contributed to the Q1 
performance than what we anticipated. The major factors are unanticipated delays or project 
shifting to the right in Q1 and also ramped up in later part of Q1. I think that really caused us 
something that we couldn't predict earlier. And also Rail as the sector continues to be under 
stress and we are seeing some of the challenges continuing for us in terms of the spend is shifting 
and the uncertainties continue. 
As far as Fiscal ‘25 lead indicators for strong performance in H2 and also medium-term outlook 
is concerned, having said that there are encouraging trends and factors that give us comfort and 
confidence for a very good recovery through the year. We are seeing double digit growth in the 
order book as compared to Fiscal ‘24 and we are also seeing our top 10 customers have seen 
significant growth in year-on-year terms, in terms of double digit. And also the core segments, 
be it in terms of Aerospace, Energy on top of the connectivity recovery that I talked about, looks 
very encouraging. We already ramped up two other large deals in connectivity that we signed 
during the quarter 1 of FY25. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Our medium-term outlook of 3 years remain intact as we don't see any shift in the fundamental 
growth and the core segments of growth that we have outlined earlier. And we are also investing 
in technology areas that matter for our engineering business, which will also position us as an 
innovative partner for our customer. 
With that, I will probably hand it over back to the moderator for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sulabh Govila: 
So first question, just starting with the obvious. In this quarter the performance this quarter as 
well as the guidance, so what has surprised us negatively in 1Q versus what we were expecting 
at the beginning of the 1st Quarter which led to the high single digit guidance and versus the 
current guidance because it doesn't look like it can be a specific client or a vertical issue. So just 
wanted to understand what has gone wrong in our process and what has negatively surprised? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Thanks Sulabh for getting this question. Like what I highlighted, I think we did expect it to be a 
soft Q1 and that is what we guided as we knew at that point of time. And some of the projects 
which were supposed to ramp up and the deal need to get closed, got shifted to the right by about 
6 weeks, at least about 4-5 projects and that really created an unexpected delay in terms of 
revenue recognition and within the quarter. I think that is definitely what has contributed. We 
didn’t anticipate some softness in terms of Rail business. I think that was definitely what we had 
used in our guidance as Q1 being soft. 
Sulabh Govila: 
So if I understand this correctly, what we are saying is this is a one quarter blip and that is what 
has happened and 2Q should normalize, that is the correct understanding? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Absolutely, Sulabh, I think you summed up rightly and we do expect the recovery already begun 
in Q2 and we expect to see a sequential growth for the next few quarters. 
Sulabh Govila: 
The second question is that we mentioned that the growth will start from 2Q onwards while the 
presentation is saying that the outlook is strong for 2H, so does that mean that 2Q outlook is 
better than 1Q, but it will be weaker than 2H and if that is the case then this guidance itself is 
implying a 3%-3.5% CQGR, so what is giving us confidence on delivering this guidance as 
well? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes, based on the order backlog that we spoke about and top 10 customer’s growth being intact 
and some of the deals that we signed in Q1 and we expect a stronger recovery from connectivity. 
I think that is where we are saying our Q2 would be strong and we do expect H2 would be better 
than H1. 
Sulabh Govila: 
We mentioned in the presentation that we have taken steps to align the supply to the demand. So 
is that relevant to Aerospace as a vertical or the company in general? 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes, that was specific to Aerospace and where we have seen the demand shifting to on site and 
across the geographies beyond what we have seen in the last 2-3 years from North America to 
Europe to Japan. And we are building up the supply that is required for us to step up and which 
is the part that we have mentioned as far as Aerospace is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
My question is also on the obvious over here. I mean, Karthik, I remember asking this question 
about guidance because it seemed a little bit aspirational when we basically, I asked the question 
last time around. I am still trying to get my head around, how could the magnitude of miss be so 
large? You did talk about perhaps 4-5 projects getting delayed, but even 4-5 projects in itself 
cannot lead to such a disastrous 1Q. When I look at the composition of revenues, the decline is 
broad based across verticals. So couple of things, one is that I am just trying to understand 
whether there have been any lapses in sales execution or processes? Or is it the fact that the 
entire guidance process in itself had significant slippages? Help me reconcile the math over here? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Kawaljeet, I think I do acknowledge that this is definitely a miss and in terms of our forecast 
accuracy, our ability to really link it back to the guidance, I think that was definitely visible in 
the quarter. And also, given the macro uncertainties and broad based issues that we have seen 
from customers and project decisions and delays that we are seeing and it really becomes 
difficult to ascertain for a specific quarter, how much of revenue will come and what we need to 
do to ensure that we are able to deliver on them, especially if we get a letter of intent from 
customer, we are ready to ramp up and the customer wants to defer the project by 4, 6, 8 weeks, 
it is difficult to anticipate some of those issues. I think that has what really played out and we 
are trying to refine the process and we are trying to see how do we factor in some of these issues. 
Especially what we have seen in the last 6 months is something that we have not seen in the last 
4 years and I think we hope this is something which we are really able to improve and we apply 
some of the learnings in the last 6 months to really refine our ability to predict and guide the 
market. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So have these learnings been incorporated in the new guidance of flattish revenues? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes, Kawal. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And can you just help me in what areas have you incorporated these learnings? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think it is about how do you really create a very firm view of our forecast and trying to look at 
the probability adjusted ones that we are trying to cover from various business unit heads that 
come in and where do you think we need to really apply some discounting factors. And how do 
you think we have a better view of confirmed one as close to the reality as possible? I think that 
is how we are trying to really refine them and also some of the sales leaders have been aggressive 
in terms of their forecasting and what do we need to do to apply some gage R&R to really make 
sure that we are able to rationalize them as part of what we need to factor in our guidance. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And second is that you just speak about macro challenges, but when I look at the performance 
of all your peers etc., none of them had a performance, which was remotely as weak as yours. 
So what kind of macro challenges are you referring to? Or once again, my question is that are 
there sales execution challenges or process lapses? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
So I think I would say if you look at, I think this was one of the questions sometime last year 
from one of the analysts. When you really look at what kind of annuity businesses that we have 
versus project based businesses and the challenges come from project based businesses. 
Whenever the project gets completed, the next project that will come on time or it gets delayed 
that seems to causing gap and we are trying to really strengthen those segments, especially 
sustainability and connectivity where we have huge dependency on project based business and 
how do you think we bring in better predictability into that. On top of that certain seasonal issues 
that come in, for example, Europe has more holidays and vacations in Q2, what do we need to 
do to factor them in on top of what we have just talked about in the last few weeks. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And you mentioned that the order book has grown, but when I look at the order wins in the 
quarter, it has declined Y-o-Y, so where is disconnect? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
So if you look at what we are talking about order backlog, which is another part that we are also 
seeing, when we have this order book that we have taken in the last 9 months and what is 
executable order book that we are carrying today and we have seen that growing by double digit 
and that is what that gives us confidence. Yes, I think there is a year-on-year drop, which is seen 
as far as Q1 is concerned. I think that we do expect should get normalized during the course of 
the year. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The final question is, I think connectivity the weakness has been ongoing for the last 2 quarters, 
3 quarters, 4 quarters, I don't know what it is, but it has been for some time and every quarter 
the discussion has been and things may pick up in the subsequent quarters. So is basically the 
environment, of course I understand the environment is difficult, but are there again changes or 
improvements that you need to make in connectivity to get a better handle of business and growth 
prospects? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think there are 2-3 things that we did make during the last 6 months, including strengthening 
certain leadership across the sales as well as on the delivery side. And we also brought in better 
predictability in terms of how these models are being constructed along with customers and 
starting to engage the customers, more to assess their plan for the year and what is the certainty 
of it. I think all of this gives us confidence that we do see a growth for the remainder of the year. 
And we are also factoring in certain risks in terms of how we think we need to anticipate certain 
project delays and what do we need to do to baked it in as part of our forecast. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Sandeep Shah: 
Question relates to the previous two participants. Karthik, I think last time when we gave the 
guidance it was 25th of April. We were already one month into the quarter. So we should be 
knowing about the delay in the projects, right. So why still we guided for a high single digit and 
there is a big miss. I have been surprised to see the reason sighted being railways. Railways as a 
percentage to revenue, if I am not wrong, is not a needle mover. So even if it declines by 20%, 
it will not impact the revenue growth very high. So it looks like there has been a miss in these 
segments outside connectivity and railway which we did not anticipate. What has led to this? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes. Sandeep, again, sorry to repeat the same messaging, but if you look at the project delays 
and difference and there are two business units which has heavy dependency on projects both 
on connectivity as well as sustainability and transportation and we talked about the softness in 
rail. And the good news is new growth areas started firing and we do hope that continues for the 
rest of the year. And to your point, I do acknowledge that it was a miss in terms of the forecasting 
accuracy that we had and that is what we are trying to correct as we move through the year. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And the ask rate to achieve the guidance is 3.2% and generally Q3-Q4 are not seasonally great 
quarters for Enterprise IT as well as Engineering R&D with one of your peers already calling 
out unseasonal furloughs to start in the 2Q itself? So how are we confident about even achieving 
3.2% kind of ask rate, which looks not an easy task? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think with also mix of businesses that we are in and the kind of holidays and vacation season 
that we have factored in, we do expect that the H2 will be a stronger than H1 for us and for our 
portfolio of businesses. And we also have the validation from the leaders across the company 
along with the customers that they are working with. So that is what gives us confidence that H2 
will be stronger than H1. Coming back to furloughs, if you look at some of the segments that we 
are in and be it on Aerospace, Energy and Connectivity and other parts and we do see that the 
momentum is already seeing from Q2 and we expect that to continue. And if you look at 
specifically in Aerospace, the supply chain issues that had significant challenge and the demand 
is very robust for most of our customers. They are not able to meet their demand because of the 
supply chain and some of the new employees that they got on board and related to the production 
and quality issues. So they want to fix most of these issues and we don't hear the furloughs from 
many of the customers that we work as far as Aerospace is concerned. We do expect H2 to be 
stronger than H1 as far as the other business segments are concerned. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
And if I may just add one more thing to the sort of in some ways while the project based business 
has hurt us this quarter because of the delays and moves. The good news with some of the project 
based businesses, it is also under our control in the sense that we get a PO for the project and 
therefore what we are seeing at least in the last couple of years is our ability therefore to manage 
furloughs is a little bit easier because we have a project rather than a set of tasks that we are 
performing. So in that sense we have reviewed this and in that sense, I think it also gives us a 
little bit more confidence that we can manage the furloughs that have typically hit us, because if 
you then go back into some of the more traditional historic aerospace businesses, which were 
more task based. There, the impact was much higher, whereas with the project based businesses, 
the impact is a bit more manageable. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just a related question when you say H2 stronger, that doesn't mean 2Q Q-on-Q growth 
would be lower than the Q-on-Q growth which you expect in 3Q and 4Q because you are also 
commenting a strong 2Q, right? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just in terms of capacity, so is it fair to assume the capacity issue is more in onsite location 
versus offshore, but your employee add still shows a decline on a Q-o-Q rather than a ramp up? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes, I think to answer the same question like what we answered in the previous question, we are 
also trying to build the flexibility of contingent versus permanent hire and especially on project 
based businesses. I think that gives us confidence in terms of how we think we can meet and we 
still have some unutilized capacity as far as Q2 and Q3 is concerned, so that will start being put 
into use for bringing us the revenue for the next 2 quarters. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And last question on margins, I think your initial remarks implies that now 16% would be 
achievable only by 4Q of FY25 rather than the whole year because of the weak start at 13.5%. 
Is it a right understanding? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes, that is correct, Sandeep. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aaron Armstrong from Ashmore. Please go 
ahead. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Can you talk a little bit more about the challenges that you had this quarter faced in terms of 
how many of those related to in-house execution, so availability of manpower onsite versus not 
onsite mix, those kind of things within the control of the company versus how many of those 
kind of delays, those projects moving to the right, how much of that was driven by corporates 
wanting to kind of delay or postpone for their own kind of reasons? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Aaron, I would it is difficult to put a specific number, but I would just roughly say about third 
of each of these issues of project deferrals and delays about third of them and about third of them 
we didn't anticipate and about third of them is a combination of supply demand matching 
especially with some of the demand that we started seeing from onsite locations. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
And could you give a little bit of context in terms of addressing some of these in Q2, so for 
example, on onsite locations, could you talk about some of the kind of new hiring that you have 
made or kind of project deferrals, is that now kind of slowing down kind of early indication it is 
very early in Q2, but what kind of visibility you have on that side of things? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
We are confident about how this quarter looks at this point of time and we have already started 
ramping up some of the projects from June as we indicated in my earlier comments. That gives 
us confidence that this quarter would be a growth quarter for us and strong growth quarter. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Maybe final follow up if I may please, just in terms of kind of headcount availability, how much 
that impacted you in Q1 and so for Q2, how many hires have you made onsite? Are you putting 
more people in US, Europe, Japan, any of those more? So is it mainly on the aerospace or is this 
also relevant for the connectivity piece? Anything you could share there that will be a little bit 
more specific please? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Aaron, I would say it is more of a broad based headcount addition that we look at and we don't 
share specific numbers at which locations and how many are we adding every quarter, but we 
are prepared for the supply and capacity that is required for us to really show a bounce quarter-
on-quarter growth for Q2.  
Aaron Armstrong: 
Could you share employee headcount number quarter-on-quarter? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Maybe we can take this offline Aaron if you are okay with that. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sir, my question was on the margins. Now I understand that on the revenue growth part, if the 
growth is not in this quarter, our entire full year guidance gets shifted by let us say, couple of 
quarters and that is why we are cutting the guidance. But missing margins in this quarter would 
have been because as you mentioned, some of the projects were deferred, they were not billed, 
you had employees who were not being billed and that is why the drop in the margins and if you 
are expecting those projects to recover in Q2, why the deferment of guidance for margins. If we 
have already reduced the headcount in this quarter, quarter 2 and H2 should be strong and it 
should be growth in the quarters again. So the projects which were deferred, they should start 
billing again and the employee utilization and all those things should pick up and hence your 
margins, I understand maybe a bit here and there, but reaching the 15% margins by the end of 
Q4 seems a bit, I am not able to reconcile the math. Will you please help me understand this? 
Prabhakar Atla: 
So Vibhor, just couple of things on this. For the current year FY25 from where we currently are, 
our margin will be a function of our revenue. Quite simply put from our perspective. Because 
the cost we have ahead of us is a given, we will have the wage hike, we will continue to make 
technology investment, we will continue to have sales investment. All the right things to do, we 
will continue to do. Therefore, the comment that we made was margin is the function of revenue 
trajectory and we are therefore confident of bringing it back to where we were in the previous 
year range towards end of the year. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So the wage hike, investment in technology would have been part of our business plan, which 
we drew at the beginning of the year when we gave the guidance for the fully flat year margins 
for the full year. That doesn't change the math, right that is basically prevents status quo as it 
was 3 or 4 months ago? 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Prabhakar Atla: 
You are absolutely right and therefore the arithmetic also works in that way. When we start 
putting the sort of step ladder together ahead of 13.5% where we are in Q1, you also have to go 
through all those numbers to get back to you earlier now. So anyway, the summary of the things 
is that we want to put revenue as the primary marker for us going forward in the next couple of 
quarters. We are confident of getting back to the previous year’s margin range towards the end 
of the year, but we can make it quick update as we get into Q3. This is the trajectory of revenue 
growth we see in Q2 and Q3 of which we are confident. So we are being cautiously pragmatic  
on the margin is what I would say. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sir, on the order book side, I think we mentioned that the order book saw double digit growth, 
but the order intake for the quarter was weak at around -5% Y-on-Y, so any color on why the 
order inflow in this quarter was on the softer side, which specific verticals and how do you 
expect the order inflow to pan out over the next remaining quarters of the year? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I would say at a broad level, we have seen a strong order intake as far as connectivity and new 
growth areas are concerned and some of the orders from sustainability and transportation, I think 
they will probably come through during the part of the year. We do hope the order intake will 
start converting into order backlog that we will start executing and as I again stated in the 
beginning of the call, we are still at double digit order backlog as far as executable orders are 
concerned. And we do hope it catches up during the year from where we are seeing today from 
Q1. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one last question, sir. I think we have given revenue guidance part and just one small 
question on my side. As Sandeep mentioned in the earlier comment, CQGR required for the next 
3 quarters is around 3.2%, how strongly have we stress tested this number? What could 
potentially lead us to basically miss this number as well? Are there other projects which you are 
expecting to maybe start in Q2 and Q3 which can potentially get the delayed and could cause us 
to slip again? Or do you think we have stress tested this guidance and it should be doable for us 
from where we are sitting today? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
We have been prudent about how we want to guide Vibhor and we understand the challenges 
that we had in the last quarters. I think that is why we are confident about getting this being 
flattish for the year. I think it takes in certain elements of risk and opportunities which are 
balanced in terms of what we are really providing in the guidance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha from Asian Market Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Shradha: 
Couple of questions. Would it be possible for you to break down the decline in revenue in 
Aerospace and defense within transportation specifically? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Sorry, Shardha, we are not breaking up from the four business units that we are providing the 
color on and we are not breaking up for each of the business units with sub segments. I think 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
that is something too detailed for us to share and you can assume that bulk of the revenue that is 
there in transport is coming from Aerospace. 
Shradha: 
And secondly, if I look at your top client revenue contribution, it suggests that the weakness in 
revenue came from clients beyond top 10. So it is understanding right that the top 10, top 5 
clients held up well and weakness was more beyond top 10 or top 15 accounts for us? And are 
those accounts significant for us to have a 5% decline in revenue in one quarter? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes. So we did have one or two accounts from the top 10, had a minor decline, but if you look 
at all the top 10 account revenue that has grown year-on-year in double digits and we don't see 
the top 10 accumulated revenue of all the top 10 customers as the concern. And yes, you are 
right in terms of just arithmetic works out that there must have happened some kind of a decline 
in one or two of these customers from top 10, but it is not significant enough when you really 
try to accumulate the revenue for all the top 10 clients when you compare from Q1 of Fiscal ‘24 
to Q1 of Fiscal ‘25. 
Shradha: 
And just the last bit, I understand that you are talking of increasing your investments in sales 
and technology, but I also see an increase in your G&A expenses and the logical thinking is one 
when you are going into a back cycle, probably you would want to keep the control on the 
overhead expenses, so why this increase in G&A in this quarter? 
Prabhakar Atla: 
You are right, some part of the technology investment, we make may go into G&A. There are a 
few one-off in this quarter too, not significant, but they are still there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
I just want to understand first about the reclassification, so geospatial vertical now it is part of 
services. So can you help us understand implication on the reported four business units because 
of that? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
It is marginal, Dipesh, it cuts across more than one or two business units, and it is marginal in 
terms of how it is distributed across segments. 
Dipesh: 
No, because sustainability, let us say, for example, you reported 3.5% decline. If I look the 
reported number, it seems to be growth, so there is a sizeable difference. So that is why if you 
can provide some detail about it or maybe if you can provide comparable number for prior 
quarter? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I will ask Mayur and Vish to work with you offline. 
Dipesh: 
Second question is about the guidance, I think earlier participant tried to get sense about 
downside. If you can help me understand what can bring upside, in terms of now, let us say, you 
are saying good recovery, double digit deal intake, order book growth, top 10 clients doing well, 
so if you can give me the sense about what can bring upside? 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes. So we don't want to be too optimistic at this point of time since we are coming off from a 
low Q1, I think it is very important for us to execute well for the next 2 quarters and before we 
get too optimistic about how things would look. But I think given the nature of where we stand 
and understand from our customers and we are confident about the growth for the next 3 quarters 
and the recovery that is going to happen from Q2 and we are very confident of it. How will it 
manifest for the upside? I think we do see an upside for sure in many areas and it would require 
few things to happen well in Q2 and Q3 and most of our customers continue to start opening 
their purse or decision making has to accelerate sharply given that we have seen the deferrals to 
the extent of 3-6 months in some of the areas. If they really start reducing that gap, I think that 
would probably give us an upside during the later part of the year. 
Dipesh: 
What will be the contribution from railway now for us? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
We are not really calling out any sub segment breakup Dipesh and it is part of the transport 
vertical and like what I covered earlier, the bulk of our revenue comes from Aerospace and that 
is where we will leave it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Sharma from MCPro Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question on the semiconductor business, 
what are the timelines and the investment requirement? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So we are still working on those. The timeline is probably going to be towards the end of this 
financial year just looking at the various things that we have to do in terms of splitting the 
business and many other steps to it. In terms of funding requirements, also we are working on 
it. We are both working on what are the funding requirements and also of course the source of 
funding. So I would say we will have a better update for you towards the end of the calendar 
year with a target of the execution towards the end of the financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Karthik, I wanted to understand structurally on the aero side, is there a structural change acting 
on the outsourcing you can clear some air around this? There are talks that OEMs have called to 
reduce the outsourcing, but is there a structural change on the outsourcing side that will be 
helpful? Second question was on the guidance part and the guidance that we have given now 
flattish kind of revenue, how much is there in the books? What part of the guidance is coming 
from the order backlog which is already there in the books and what part of the guidance are you 
considering from new deals which you will win in this particular financial year and that you 
expect to ramp up, some clarification around that will be helpful? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
To first point, we don't see any structural change and if it was there is anything I can only tell 
you that most of our customers need a lot of help. And there are first time employees of 600,000 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
covering both blue color and white color in Aerospace which is more than 40% of the workforce. 
This is the first time that is seen after 1942 as shared by one of the customers. And I think we 
have to really get them trained, get them digitalized tools and processes and get them ready to 
deliver on the right quality and production schedules. I think that is the challenge that exists for 
this industry and we don't expect this should get any better, at least for the next 2-3 years and it 
will at least take 2-3 years. And we are seeing a lot of interest from customers around the 
manufacturing, engineering, aftermarket, digitalization, integration with various tools and 
systems. I talked about some of the AI assisted PMO. I am trying to help them through the supply 
chain. I think a lot of this is the request that come from customers and I don't think there is any 
change that we are seeing which is structural in nature. Having said that, supply chain issues and 
the top 2 clients in the Aerospace and do have their own challenges, but they need a lot of help 
as far as engineering, manufacturing and aftermarket is concerned. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Just one extension to this, is there any pressure on reducing outsourcing? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I don't think so, Mihir, and there is nothing that changes structurally for them to really make 
those changes. And one thing that we are also seeing like what I covered in my initial comment. 
It is also expected to be a little more onsite centric for the next few quarters as they are going 
through their challenges on manufacturing and aftermarket, which are more closer to the brands 
helping them to improve the productivity and quality of the employees. I think that would really 
require more onsite intervention. 
Mihir Manohar: 
My second question was on the guidance part, this latest guidance, which is there, how much is 
coming from the orders that you have already won in part of the backlog and how much of part 
of the guidance is coming from new deals that you will win and you expect that to ramp up in 
the balance part of the year? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Typically, our order backlog covers about 6-7 months of work ahead, and this has been the trend 
that we have seen over the last 3 years and rest of them still needs to be won and added to this 
backlog. 
Mihir Manohar: 
So 60-70 is roughly the split? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Yes. 
Mihir Manohar: 
And just one last question was on the semiconductor business, you mentioned you would be 
taking the end to end responsibilities. I just wanted to get a clarification, what is going to be our 
roles and responsibilities and what part of the value chain will we ourselves be doing on Cyient 
Limited books and what will be done under the manufacturing to other contractors? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So it is actually quite similar to what happens in DLM in the sense that if you look at today in 
DLM also where we have end to end projects that is we have the design responsibility and the 
manufacturing responsibility, design is being done in Cyient Limited or in Cyient DET and 
manufacturing is being done by Cyient DLM, but the overall responsibility is with Cyient DLM. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
So the responsibility, liability etc., are with Cyient DLM. So in the semiconductor, Cyient 
semiconductor also will follow a similar kind of a model where the whole idea is that there is a 
lot of chips that newer companies or non-semiconductor companies are using, examples of 
which are automotive companies, medical companies and so on and so forth. So Cyient 
semiconductor will take the overall ownership for the entire project, starting from design all the 
way to sourcing and supplying. Of course, sourcing in that case will be typically through a FAB 
like TSMC or a global company. So Cyient semiconductor would take the overall ownership. 
We still anticipate that much of the design will still be done in Cyient. So we don't anticipate the 
design capability to be built out of Cyient, that capability will be still leveraged very much like 
what is happening in Cyient DLM. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I have two questions, in one slide in our presentation you mentioned that India's ER&D 
contribution is 3x. So the current delay doesn't change the long term outlook and second for 
FY26, any color if you can share on demand front and what is the discussion ongoing with the 
client for FY26? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
We are currently working to ensure that we are meeting our guidelines that we have set out for 
Fiscal ‘25. As we start developing our plans for 26, we would definitely share the outlook maybe 
by end of this financial year and like what I shared in the next 3 years, we do see that the recovery 
is coming back strongly and we do hope the US election would be behind us and the interest 
rates should start going down. The inflationary pressures should start getting eased. I think all 
of them should help us start spending on innovation and I think that has been something which 
is muted for a while. We do hope some of those investments that are on hold should start coming 
back. From the long term outlook, I think we do see that this is going to be much more critical 
than ever before with the softwarization of products and digitalization of the entire value chain 
and how the impact of automation and AI will have a role to play. And I do see that India has a 
very important and pertinent role to play in terms of serving the customers on ER&D. Given that 
there is a demographic change that is at play and with baby boomers retiring, as well as the 
increase in spend towards software and digital, I think key levers are still intact. It is only going 
to accelerate if not staying where the current levels are. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
And just one more last question, in the aerospace and defense side, some of our client facing the 
engine part and component related issue on timely manner, so is that situation normalized or 
better than before or still they are facing similar issue on supply side? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
We don't want to comment on any specific customer issues, but if you look at the broad 
challenges for the industry remain, our customers demand is very robust and they have demand 
in excess of 20% plus. But the challenges are led by what I talked about in terms of supply chain, 
fairly young workforce and was required to be trained and lack of digitalization that they have 
not invested in the past. I think all of them are contributing factors why they won't be able to 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
realize their demand. And I think that is where they are seeking our help to manoeuvre with 
these challenges that they have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital India. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
First question is on the margins. So Karthik, you mentioned that you are anticipating pick up in 
Aerospace as well as in Connectivity and specifically in Aerospace you mentioned that the deal 
ramp ups are happening onsite. So would that be a pressure to the margins, given that wage hikes 
will also be there and you have also talked about investments in technology and I can see that 
your S&M spends have also gone up. So are there risks to margin guidance as well and what are 
the levers to offset these headwinds? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I think that is what Prabhakar talked about Karan and whatever that we are talking about for Q4 
and we have factored in all this that you mentioned and that is the reason why we are not giving 
specific number for Q2 or Q3. 
Karan Uppal: 
And when are you planning to give wage hikes? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Starting this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much and thanks everybody for being on the call this evening. As we talked 
about, it has been a tough quarter and it has been a series of events that we did not anticipate at 
the beginning of this quarter, especially in terms of some of the project closures etc. But what I 
do want to reiterate and give confidence on is much of what we were expecting to happen in the 
beginning of the quarter has happened towards the end of the quarter. Therefore, that gives us a 
very strong confidence that we will see good growth starting from Q2 onwards, because I think 
to one of the comments, it just cannot be back ended, we will see growth, starting good growth, 
actually robust growth starting from Q2 onwards and based on the order backlog and what we 
are seeing from our customers we are quite confident that the rest of the year will be quite good. 
Unfortunately, the compounding effect of Q1 is what it is and that is why the guidance might 
not look so appealing. But I just want to assure everybody that the rest of the year is quite in 
order. And we are also quite confident that we will be out of here is quite comforting to all of us 
here and both from a revenue and margin perspective, we will have a good set of quarters going 
forward. With that thank you very much for your support. And if there is any further questions, 
if you reach out to Mayur, one of us will answer them for you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
                                                This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy. 
