 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2024/89 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532923 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: RGL 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2024/77 dated August 08, 2024; please find enclosed 
herewith the transcripts of Q1 FY25 Conference Call of the Company, held on Wednesday,            
August 14, 2024. 
 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at  
https://renaissanceglobal.com/webcast-and-transcripts/  
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Vishal 
Ashokrao 
Dhokar
Digitally signed by Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal,CID - 6977830, 
pseudonym=20240522164111243, 
2.5.4.20=033e3a1f7676f62110a5045d10ffa070
8c9d64a2865686a1e785e99d7e2ba7e9, 
postalCode=400708, st=Maharashtra, 
title=0196, 
serialNumber=f621fc1d09d761ab610ea19805
c41f606f5571282e998d2920757d0b98e77fed, 
cn=Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
Date: 2024.08.20 15:22:57 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Renaissance Global Limited 
Q1 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Renaissance Global Limited Q1 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, ma’am. 
Jenny Rose:  
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global’s Q1 
FY25 earnings conference call. We have with us today Mr. Sumit Shah – Chairman 
and Global CEO; and Mr. Hitesh Shah – Managing Director of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the Management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and the disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Sumit to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sumit Shah:  
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I extend a warm 
welcome and thank you all for joining us on our earnings conference call for the 1st 
Quarter ended 30th June 2024. 
I would initiate the call by taking you through a brief overview of the Company's 
operational and business highlights for the period under review. Post that, Hitesh will 
give you a rundown of our financial performance.  
We started the year on a positive note demonstrating stable performance and 
improvements on operating margins. Our consolidated EBITDA margins increased by 
100 basis points year-over-year, driven by exceptional results in our direct-to-
consumer, D2C segment.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
On a segmented front, our owned brands’ D2C segment has demonstrated 
impressive growth with revenue improving 30% year-over-year in Q1 FY25. The 
segment remains a key pillar of our growth strategy, and we anticipate it will continue 
to drive future success.  
We achieved an EBITDA margin of 7.6% in the owned brands for Q1, reflecting a 
340-basis points improvement year-over-year. We expect this upward trend to 
continue as we progress into the season. Even currently, our D2C brands command 
strong gross margins of 50% to 60%. And as we scale, we plan to enhance EBITDA 
margins to 15% to 20% over the next few years. Presently, our licensed brand 
segment have partnership with global iconic brands such as Enchanted Disney Fine 
Jewellery, Hallmark NFL, Netflix, Star Wars and Disney Treasures. 
I am pleased to report that we have exited the plain gold business based in Dubai, 
resulting in an overall inventory reduction of Rs. 75 crore from the peak of February 
2024. This transaction closed August 1 of the current year and will be reflected in next 
quarter's financial results.  
The growing interest in lab grown diamonds is reshaping the fine jewellery industry, 
and our D2C brands are at the forefront of this transformation by seamlessly blending 
luxury with affordability, given our strong emphasis on lab grown diamonds. We have 
recently introduced a home preview and experience stores allowing customers to try 
before they buy, which we believe will strengthen our market position in the next two 
to three years.  
Lab grown diamonds now account for 55% of our D2C business, and prominently 
feature in our owned brands and licensed brands. Rather than entering the 
increasingly competitive and price sensitive field of lab grown diamond 
manufacturing, we have strategically focused on building brands that cater to this 
demand. Our online platform offers a diverse selection of high-quality lab grown 
diamonds from numerous suppliers supporting our goal of providing exceptional value 
in the luxury market.  
Lastly, I am delighted to share that Mr. Mehendale, Mr. Sathe and Mrs. Pethe have 
gracefully completed their remarkable 10-year tenure as Independent Directors on 
5th August, 2024. We are profoundly grateful for their invaluable contribution and 
unwavering dedication which have played a significant role. Building on the strong 
foundation, we are excited to welcome Mr. Deepak Chindarkar, Ms. Rupal Jhaveri 
and Mr. Rahul Narang as new Independent Directors. Their extensive experience and 
valuable insights will greatly enhance our Board and help us refine our corporate 
strategy going forward. 
In conclusion, positive demand trends, we enforce our confidence in the long-term 
growth within the global branded jewellery market. We will believe our strategy to 
capitalize on key partnerships, a strong distribution network and D2C capabilities will 
drive revenue and profitability in the future. As we approach this upcoming season, a 
crucial period for our business, a dedicated focus on the branded segment and D2C 
initiatives ensures that we are well positioned to capitalize on opportunities and 
achieve continued success.  
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah to discuss our 
financial performance during the quarter. Over to you, Hitesh. 
Hitesh Shah:  
Thank you Sumit. Good day everyone. 
We have reported a healthy performance during the quarter driven by better 
performance in the direct-to-consumer segment.  

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
In Q1 of FY25, our total income decreased by 6% at Rs. 447 crore compared to Rs. 
476 crore in the Q1 of FY24. On the profitability front, EBITDA expanded by 6.1% to 
Rs. 39 crore in Q1 of FY25 versus Rs. 37 crore in Q1 of FY24. This translates into 
margins of 8.8% versus 7.7%, respectively.  
Profit after tax in Q1 of FY25 stood at Rs. 15.4 crore, up from Rs. 14.2 crore in the 
same period last year with enhanced contributions from our owned brands, the direct-
to-consumer business. 
Our US brands, a high growth segment, reached revenues of Rs. 46 crore during the 
quarter, demonstrating a resilient business strategy and strong market expansion. 
While our direct-to-consumer India brand, Irasva, with total four stores in Mumbai, 
Ahmedabad and Hyderabad recorded revenues of Rs. 4 crore in Q1 of FY25. 
In Q 1 of FY25, our Licensed Brand business had revenues of Rs. 86 crore with an 
EBITDA margin of 16.2%, while our owned brands direct-to-consumer business saw 
revenue increase of 30% reaching Rs. 50 crore in Q1, with EBITDA margins of 7.6%, 
an improvement of 344 basis points. 
During the period, out studded jewellery accounted for 84% of revenue, with Branded 
jewellery contributing 37% of the total studded jewellery revenue. 
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.31 in 
June 2024 versus 0.28 in March 2024 and 0.22 in June 2023. Our total net debt 
stands at Rs. 370 crore against Rs. 233 crore in Q1 of FY24, and our cash and bank 
balance and current investments stand at Rs. 186 crore. 
Presently, the inventory levels are elevated due to a strong order book positioning us 
for revenue growth in FY25.  
In conclusion, we are pleased to have maintained a steady performance in the face 
of challenging conditions. Our solid balance sheet gives us confidence in our ability 
to navigate these challenges and look forward to stronger results in the upcoming 
fiscal year.  
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments.  
Saumil Shah:  
Sir, if I see last four, five years, our revenues have been more or less in the range of 
Rs. 2,000 crore. In fact, it has gone down from Rs. 2,500 crore in FY19-20 to Rs. 
2,100 crore in FY24. So, wanted to know the reason for the same? And now what 
measures are we taking to improve our revenue and bottom line for this financial 
year? And how much growth can we expect in terms of bottom line for this financial 
year? 
Sumit Shah:  
Thank you for your question. So, I think that the reason for the revenue growth not 
reflecting is a change in accounting policy in the Company. Prior to FY21 we were 
reporting revenue for the gold business on a gross basis which was adding around 
Rs. 800 crore to the top line, which we started reporting on a net basis. So, some of 
the revenue growth not showing up is due to a change in accounting policy, and with 
the exit of the plain gold business, the reported revenue number will be lower. 
However, we are focusing on high ROE, ROCE businesses which actually enhance 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
the return on capital employed and focusing on better quality businesses which 
improve profitability. While we are optimistic about revenue growth going forward, we 
have also undertaken cost control measures which will result in an annual savings of 
Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 25 crore on an annualized basis starting Q3 of this financial year. 
So, we are taking multiple measures focusing on higher quality businesses which are 
our direct-to-consumer businesses and branded businesses to improve margins, and 
also focusing on cost control by reducing overheads in the Company to get to our 
goal of double-digit margins.  
Saumil Shah:  
So, I mean, can we expect 15% to 20% growth in bottom line for this financial year? 
Sumit Shah:  
I think it's a little bit early to say, that's our endeavor that our goal would be to grow in 
double digits. I think that we have low visibility on the season so far, we should be 
able to give much better guidance the following quarter, as the Christmas season is 
a crucial part of our profitability for the year. So, end of Q2 would be a good time for 
us to give visibility on the year. Right now, because of the US macroeconomic 
situations, the visibility is a little bit limited. Our endeavor is to definitely grow in double 
digits, if not through revenue growth, by cost control measures and reducing 
expenses. 
Saumil Shah:  
And sir, I wanted your thoughts, why do we have multiple websites for different 
licensed brands? Can we not have just all the brands on the same site so that we can 
save lot of advertising and SEO spends? Because to promote so many websites and 
to rank them on Google takes a lot of time as well as spends. So, just wanted your 
thoughts. 
Sumit Shah:  
So, we are working on this initiative. We plan to launch a consolidated website with 
all our licensed brands called Wonder Fine Jewellery, which would be a brand owned 
by us, in November of this year. So, we are aware of this fact, and we agree with your 
sort of observation. And it's obviously permissions from the various license holders 
who have conflicting interests. So, we have managed to work through all of this. Our 
tech team is currently hard at work getting this done. And we plan to launch this in Q3 
of this fiscal year. 
Saumil Shah:  
Yes, because that should save a lot of savings, I mean, in terms of SEO spends and 
everything. 
Sumit Shah:  
That's right.  
Saumil Shah:  
And sir, my final question, do we have presence in online D2C business in India? 
Sumit Shah:  
We do not. Currently our India retail business is driven through our physical stores 
which is Irasva. We do not have an e-commerce business in India at the moment. 
Saumil Shah:  
And any plans to enter? 
Sumit Shah:  
Our plans are to promote ‘RFMI’ globally. Currently, ‘RFMI’ is only in the US and we 
plan to launch it in UK and India in the upcoming quarters. So, we do plan, the website 
is currently ready, we have not started spends yet. But lab grown business will be 
promoted in addition to the US in other markets as well. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna Traya.  
Pavan Kumar:  
Sir, I wanted to understand about the lab grown diamond market. How is the business 
scaling up and which are the key markets we are looking to get this business 
increased? I just wanted an idea on the lab grown diamond business. 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, sure. So, the lab grown lab grown diamond business is growing rapidly and are 
seeing increased acceptance by the customer, primarily in the US markets. If you 
see, the lab grown penetration of our direct-to-consumer business is already at 55% 
of the total, and is likely to increase even further. It's a smaller component of our B2B 
business, but the contribution has increased by 50% year-over-year. So, I think that 
we see increased penetration and acceptance by customers of lab grown diamonds 
and we see this trajectory continuing for the next four or five years. 
Pavan Kumar:  
And in B2B also, do we expect any significant amount of change in terms of it moving 
towards lab ground diamonds? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, we are seeing that. I think that is going to be a slow transition, because a large 
component of our sales comes from existing SKUs which are already in lab grown 
diamonds. A lot of the new introductions that we are doing with our key partners are 
in lab grown diamonds. So, it would be a gradual process. The changeover to lab 
grown diamonds is not going to happen in one or two quarters. But slowly but surely 
we are seeing an increased penetration of lab grown diamonds with all of our key 
partners worldwide.  
Pavan Kumar:  
And are we going to use any of our brands, something like an Irasva to get into this? 
Sumit Shah:  
We are already selling lab grown diamonds through the four Irasva stores we have 
launched one month ago. And we should have more feedback to share in the coming 
quarters on the success of lab grown diamonds in India.  
Pavan Kumar:  
And can you just give us an idea about how is the overall demand scenario? You just 
mentioned some uncertainty earlier. Can you clarify how the US and European 
markets are performing at the moment, and what is your overall sentiment regarding 
them? 
Sumit Shah:  
What we have noticed is slightly shorter lead times. I think because of the uncertainty 
customers are placing orders closer to delivery time. So, currently we do not have full 
visibility for Christmas for the October, November, December time frame. I think that 
in the next 30 days or so there should be a lot more visibility. Our current order book 
at the factory is extremely strong, July was a strong month, August was a strong 
month. But we do not have too much visibility beyond September at the moment, 
because customers are in the process of finalizing their holiday and Christmas orders. 
And within the next 30 days, there should be a lot more visibility.  
Pavan Kumar:  
Generally, on the factory floor, how many months in advance do we know about the 
orders?  
Sumit Shah:  
It's usually six weeks.  
Pavan Kumar:  
Two months, broadly? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes. I mean, six to eight weeks, we are seeing a trend more towards six weeks 
currently. It used to be eight to 10 weeks, but I think that customers are placing orders 
closer to the time they want. So, the lead times generally are now six weeks. So, we 
have a very clear visibility for September, beyond September the visibility is a little bit 
limited because customers have not yet placed orders for the key holiday season.  
Pavan Kumar:  
But this would be a normal scenario, right? For every year, maybe before two months, 
three months, you would not know the orders, right? Or is it like you are saying that 
we should have known the orders for September by now, but we are not able to get 
that. Is that what you are saying?  

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
 
Sumit Shah:  
I think it's a normal course of business. I think that usually between 15th August and 
15th September is when a lot of the key holiday orders are placed. However, we are 
seeing maybe a one- or two-week delay compared to historical standards because of 
the uncertainty that customers are feeling. However, it's its normal course of business 
to place key orders between August and September. 
Pavan Kumar:  
Can you give us an idea of the overall contribution of the US market compared to 
other regions?  
Sumit Shah:  
So, currently for us, US would be between 65% and 70% of our overall sales. And the 
proportion would increase after the exit of the gold manufacturing business in Dubai. 
So, it will be probably closer to 75% or so. So, the break up will be 75% US, 25% 
other market. As of August 1, we have signed an agreement to sell our gold business 
in Dubai, which was a low ROE, ROCE business. So, I think with the exit and sale of 
that business, our proportion of US to non-US markets would be approximately 75:25.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital.  
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
Sir, I just want to understand if you could just throw some light on the growth, the 
gross margins, the acquisition cost, and some of the other metrics related to your 
online, I mean, you ‘RFMI’ business, and what is the trend compared to the last few 
quarters. 
Sumit Shah:  
So, the gross margin on D2C in general is between 50% to 60%. I think that customer 
acquisition costs and all of those are relatively confidential pieces of information that 
we have not shared. But our e-commerce businesses are profitable. I think a drag on 
our branded segment is currently our India retail business, which is not yet profitable. 
I think ex of that we are very focused on sort of making money on our first order on 
our e-commerce businesses which we have always done from day one. And I think 
that we maintain a healthy profitability ratio on our e-commerce businesses. 
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
And how has the growth been over the last few quarters? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, I think we have maintained the growth of about 30% this quarter, and our 
expectation would be growth for this year in the 20% to 30% range for our brands in 
the US. 
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
And what you are indicating is that even standalone your e-commerce businesses 
are profitable and started dragging down the profitability anyway? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, that's right. I think on Slide #9, we have sort of disclosed the EBITDA margins, 
we have about 9% margin on our brands which are US owned brands. And we expect 
that to be in that 15% to 20% range over a two-to-three-year time frame. So, our 
brands are sort of sub-scale right now. As we get operating leverage, we expect the 
margins to go up. 
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
And we expect the growth to continue given how small piece of the market share we 
have right now? 
Sumit Shah:  
That is right, that would be our current view that there is a long runway for growth for 
these businesses in the US. 
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
So, even in the event of an economic slowdown or whatever, you do not see too much 
of an impact because our market share is quite low? 
Sumit Shah:  
That's right. 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
 
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
Got it. And is there any light you can throw on the India business? How the initial 
traction has been effectively? The existing losses which we are making right now? 
And the overall strategy? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, I think we have sort of highlighted the India business. It's grown well from Rs. 7 
crore annual run rate to a Rs. 22 crore revenue last year. We expect that to be 
between Rs. 30 crore to Rs. 32 crore in the current year. I think that as we cross 
around Rs. 40 crore of revenue, the business would kind of break even and be 
profitable. Our expectation would be for the business to break even and be profitable 
in FY26. In the current year, at a Rs. 30 crore revenue, we will still continue to lose 
some money. But I think we are seeing very positive momentum and positive same 
store sales growth. So, we are optimistic about the India retail business and also the 
introduction of lab grown I think will add an impetus for the business to grow. The 
gross margins on the lab grown business in India also are healthier than the natural 
diamond business, which will help improve profitability of the India business going 
forward. 
Riddhesh Gandhi:  
And right now how much would be the split of the lab grown as opposed to the natural 
in your stores? 
Sumit Shah:  
In India, we just launched lab grown diamonds last month, so virtually zero. We 
launched lab grown diamonds in our Irasva business less than 30 days ago. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Bhatia from Sequent Investments.  
Yogesh Bhatia:  
Sir, I am fairly new to the Company, so of the total Rs. 445 crore sales that we have 
done in this quarter, Rs. 73 crore is towards gold and the remaining is jewellery and 
diamonds. So, in this, what is the breakup for lab grown? I think mainly lab grown is 
being sold in customer and licensed brands. So, what is the break up? How much 
percentage is lab grown diamond sales? 
Sumit Shah:  
I think it's been disclosed in our presentation, around 15% of our studded jewellery 
business is lab grown. 
Yogesh Bhatia:  
So, 15% of studded jewellery, that means should I add customer licensed brand and 
US owned websites? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, all of it.  
Yogesh Bhatia:  
All three, so 15% of that, so that is around Rs. 50 crore, Rs. 55 crore quarterly lab 
grown diamond sales is there? 
Sumit Shah:  
That's right. 
Yogesh Bhatia:  
And this is sold via your D2C or B2B or customer brands? 
Sumit Shah:  
Both, yes, that's right.  
Yogesh Bhatia:  
Now, RFMI is going to be your owned brand? 
Sumit Shah:  
That's it.  
Yogesh Bhatia:  
And that we are going to sell in the US? It is a D2C brand or it is a B2B, or how does 
that work? 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
 
Sumit Shah:  
It's currently D2C, and it's classified in our earnings presentation in our US owned 
websites.  
Yogesh Bhatia:  
So, it's a D2C brand, and right now there is no sales as such that we have started in 
that brand right now? 
Sumit Shah:  
No, that brand is already at Rs. 46 crore. We have acquired it two years ago and it's 
an ongoing business. 
Yogesh Bhatia:  
So, how much would be sales of RFMI in the Rs. 46 crore? 
Sumit Shah:  
We have not disclosed that because we have got three brands in the US, so we have 
not disclosed that and I think we would like to keep that confidential for competitive 
reasons. 
Yogesh Bhatia:  
So, sir, where do you see the traction coming? Do you plan to sell to the big US 
retailers? Or do you plan to go with your owned brand ‘RFMI’ and focus more on that 
and sell it through our websites and through our channels? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, currently we have got both businesses, right. So, our diamond jewellery business 
which is around Rs. 370 crore is a combination of our owned brands, licensed brands 
as well as sales to large retailers. So, our focus really is licensing and concentrating 
on our retail partners, large retailers in the US, as well as selling it direct-to-
consumers. So, we do both and we continue to plan to focus on both. 
Yogesh Bhatia:  
The reason I am asking is, because the margins that you make in a licensed brand is 
different from what you make in your customer brands. So, as an investor you, if you 
sell Rs. 235 crore customer brands, you make half the margin, whereas in licensed 
brand you make double of that. So, I wanted to know, which is the focus area and 
why do you think that should grow? Because I am sure the market is crowded by 
other players also. 
Sumit Shah:  
So, the customer brand segment has sort of remained stagnant for a number of years. 
It's not a growth area of the business. And the business is a low ROE, ROCE business 
for the Company. We have grown the licensing business and the direct-to-consumer 
business, and clearly from our actions that we are taking in terms of exiting the plain 
gold business, which is a commoditized business, our endeavor is really to move 
more towards a differentiated branded and licensed brands business. I think that it's 
a journey that we have got to embark on by not shifting things too rapidly. But clearly, 
the focus of the Company is on improving margins and moving to a more capital 
efficient structure, which we plan to do over a number of years. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Chirag Vekaria from Budhrani Finance.  
Chirag Vekaria:  
Sir, just wanted to understand, if I take the total jewellery sales of say Rs. 370 crore, 
excluding your plain gold, of this 15% is lab grown diamond, correct? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, that's right. 
Chirag Vekaria:  
So, sir, I just wanted to understand, how are the margins in lab grown diamond and 
natural diamonds? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, lab grown diamond margins are slightly higher than natural diamond margins, 
from a gross margin perspective. However, it does come with an increased inventory 
risk as lab grown diamond prices have been going down. I think that with the 
increased penetration of lab grown, margins should go up over time. And I think that 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
 
a key driver of increasing margins for our Company is also a cost optimization. So, 
we are cognizant of the fact that our cost structure is a little bit on the higher side. And 
with a Rs. 1,600 crore, Rs. 1,700 crore diamond jewellery business, our margins 
should be in the double-digit range. So, I think that structural shift more towards lab 
grown diamonds and becoming more efficient on a cost side, for us as a Company, a 
combination of the two things should help us grow margins, not just the shift towards 
lab grown diamonds. 
Chirag Vekaria:  
Sir, what I wanted to understand, if incrementally say people were to shift to lab grown 
diamond, then the margins you still think can go to double digit, even by the shifting 
of the preference? 
Sumit Shah:  
That's right. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rohit Shah from Ladder-Up Wealth Management.  
Rohit Shah:  
Sir, I had a couple of questions. One is that, in quarter two now that you are done with 
two months, what is the kind of demand environment that you are seeing, especially 
in the US, for jewellery buying and discretionary spending that generally remains 
subdued? That is question number one. 
Sumit Shah:  
So, there is no question that our discretionary spends are under pressure in the US. 
I think that if you look across any single category, whether it's luxury or any kind of 
discretionary spends. So, to answer your question that US discretionary spends are 
under pressure because of high inflation over the last couple of years. However, in 
our business in particular, we have seen relatively strong factory order book for July, 
August and partially into September. We do not have too much visibility for the 
season, so hard to comment on what the Christmas season will look like due to little 
bit of uncertainty. Our endeavor obviously is to focus really on the growth areas which 
is the direct-to-consumer where we have a small market share and we will continue 
to grow, and as well as penetrating deeper into lab grown diamonds, again, a new 
category where our customers are gravitating towards those segments. So, macro 
picture, US demand is definitely subdued at a macro level. At the Company specific 
level, I think the 1st Quarter has been a little bit subdued. However, the order book 
does continue to remain healthy for the short period of time. However, little bit early 
to have visibility on the Christmas quarter because we do not have full visibility yet. 
Rohit Shah:  
Sir, my second question is regarding the response to the new Warner Brothers and 
DC jewelry collection launched last quarter. Also, as we are testing some licensed 
Barbie collections, how has the response been to those as well? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, I think that so far we have seen a lot of success, primarily with the Disney 
princesses, and that remains the mainstay of the business. I think that we have seen 
very moderate success with the Barbie collection or with some of the other newer 
licenses. So, I think that the strategy of the Company going forward is really going to 
be to focus on what's working and grow that, because the addressable market for the 
brands that are working and successful is much larger than what it is. So, I think our 
strategy in order to improve margins is to really focus on the brands that are working 
and not expand the universe of brands too much. So, the focus is really going to be 
on Disney Princesses, Disney Treasures, Hallmark and Star Wars, these are all 
brands that are doing well and with focus will continue to grow. Some of the other 
marginal brands are going to sort of not be focused on. As you know, our endeavor 
is really to take our margins from the 15%, 16% to even higher levels by focus on a 
few successful brands and make them into power brands. 
Moderator:  
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments.  

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
 
Saumil Shah:  
You just mentioned that we exited plain gold business. So, this quarter we have done 
about Rs. 73 crore of revenue, so are you saying that from next quarter it would not 
be there, is my understanding correct? 
Sumit Shah:  
That's right. Yes, that's correct. We will have revenue in the month of July. August 1 
onwards the revenue will not be there. And correspondingly, it will have a Rs. 2 crore 
to Rs. 3 crore impact on the quarterly EBITDA. However, the business’ return on 
capital employed was very close to cost of capital and cost of debt. So, the impact on 
the bottom line should be minimal to almost zero. And this additional Rs. 70 crore to 
Rs. 80 crore of liquidity that we would get would be used in lowering debt levels of the 
Company going forward. But to answer your question, the revenue of Rs. 70 crore 
will go away next quarter. And you will see a decline in revenue due to the exit of the 
plane gold business. 
Saumil Shah:  
And what is our D2C online business? You mentioned US owned brands is 
somewhere around Rs. 50 crore. 
Sumit Shah:  
That’s right, Rs. 46 crore this quarter. 
Saumil Shah:  
US owned sales for online sales? And the licensed brands D2C is how much? 
Sumit Shah:  
We have not given the break up. I do not have the numbers available off the top of 
my head. But we can have the IR team send it to you. 
Saumil Shah:  
And even that is growing at the rate of 20%, 25%? 
Sumit Shah:  
That's right. That's growing at a slower rate because they are more mature 
businesses, but they are growing, yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. 
Sumit Shah:  
Sure. Thank you everyone for joining us on our quarterly conference call. Look 
forward to seeing you again on the Quarter 2 FY25 Call. Thank you and have a great 
day. 
Hitesh Shah:  
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
