 
 
22nd August, 2024 
 
BSE Limited                                                 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services               Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                          Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001                                           Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051       
Scrip Code: 500575  
 
           NSE Symbol: VOLTAS 
 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Results Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
              
Further to our letter dated 12th August, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Q1 FY25 Results Conference Call held on 16th August, 2024. The same is also available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.voltas.in/images/Investor/schedule-
announcements/download/Voltas_Q1_FY25-Transcript_22082024.pdf  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
 
For VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
 
Ratnesh Rukhariyar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Enc.  
 
RATNESH 
PRASAD 
RUKHARIYAR
Digitally signed by 
RATNESH PRASAD 
RUKHARIYAR 
Date: 2024.08.22 
20:50:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Voltas Limited 
Q1 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP BAKSHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MR. JITENDER P. VERMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL R. CHANDARANA – HEAD, CORPORATE 
FINANCE – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MR. VAIBHAV VORA – HEAD TREASURY – VOLTAS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NATASHA JAIN – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Voltas Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Natasha Jain: 
Good morning, everyone. Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities welcomes all of you to the First 
Quarter Results Conference Call of Voltas Limited. I would like to thank the management of 
Voltas for giving us an opportunity to host the call. 
 
Management is represented by Mr. Pradeep Bakshi, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Jitender 
P. Verma, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Nikhil R. Chandarana, Head, Corporate Finance; and 
Mr. Vaibhav Vora, Head, Treasury. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, post which 
we shall open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Hi, and good morning to all the participants. At the outset, I will give you a quick brief on our 
performance. And then after that, we will take up the question-and-answer session, along with 
our MD, Pradeep Bakshi; and myself, Jitender Verma. 
 
So, as we all know, the global economic activities and trade around the world were improving 
during the first quarter, with growth on the upside in many countries. Upside risks to inflation 
stemming from various issues such as price pressures on account of renewed trade or geopolitical 
tensions in Middle East continued. Weak global sentiments continued amid rising U.S. recession 
concerns, leading to lower-than-anticipated macroeconomic data in the U.S., and fears of a 
reverse carry trade in the yen after rise -- rate hike by the Bank of Japan. Potential changes in 
Govt. in U.S., its trade policies, tariff hikes; slowing China economy may impact global growth. 
 
India's GDP growth continues to surpass expectations. Certain macro-economic indicators have 
contributed to the momentum in the economy, including growth in Agri business service sector. 
The rise in manufacturing activity and moderate inflation may be a positive sign for easing 
monetary policies by RBI. In the recent budget, fiscal consolidation remained a big positive for 
the country, with the government focusing on the reduction of India's debt driven by lower 
revenue deficit. Capex budget also remained healthy in the interim budget of the government. 
All these factors paint a positive picture for the growth story of the country, leading to a positive 
momentum for the growth of industry and people. 
 
The year 2024 continues to be a milestone year for the company. In the results for the year ended 
March 2024, we had announced a record-breaking top line with the sale of over 2 million air 
conditioners in FY '24, indicating a strong market demand for the company's products, 
registering a quarterly growth of 72% and an annual growth of 35% in volumes at that time. As 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
we entered FY '25, the rising demand and intense summers helped clock an even strong growth 
in revenue and bottom line in this quarter for the company. We are happy to report strong growth 
in all the three segments. That is UCP, projects and Engineering Products and Services. The 
Unitary Cooling Products business continued to outperform the market and maintained its 
growth momentum with an overall volume growth of 67% over the corresponding previous 
quarter. Also, in case of bottom line as well, UCP replicated the growth in topline, indicating a 
steady margin. 
 
With this incredible growth, the company reported consolidated total income for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2024 higher by 46% at Rs 5,001 crores, as compared to Rs 3,430 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. We are excited and thrilled to inform you that we have recorded 
a lifetime high in profit before tax, PBT, in any quarter earned by the company at Rs 452 crores, 
a growth of 123% as compared to Rs 203 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. This 
quarter's profit is almost close to the PBT earned by Voltas in full year of FY 2024. Net profit 
after tax was at Rs 335 crores, as compared to Rs 129 crores last year. Earnings per share, for a 
face value per share of INR1, for the quarter ended 30 June 2024 was at Rs 10.10, as compared 
to Rs 3.91 in the same period previous year. The corporate balance sheet continues to remain 
healthy. 
Segment A – Unitary Cooling Products (UCP)  
As you have already seen a snapshot for our results, I think the main point here is that unitary 
cooling contributed almost 78% of total revenue of the company. Specifically talking about the 
segment in Unitary Cooling Products. The scorching heat, rising temperatures and a need for 
cooling and comfort helped scale the UCP vertical to a newer height. With joint efforts of our 
sales, planning, marketing and manufacturing teams, we recorded another milestone of selling 
the fastest 1 million ACs within first 88 days of a quarter, given the unprecedented demand for 
cooling products. The extraordinary demand due to extreme weather conditions in most parts of 
the country has pressurised and disrupted supply chains across the industry. However, a mix of 
round-the-clock operation at factories and strong support from our OEMs have largely helped 
in meeting the market demand. 
 
Our quarter 4 FY '24 growth story continued in quarter 1 FY '25 with a whopping 67% volume 
growth in Unitary Cooling Products, as compared to the corresponding previous quarter. All the 
products in the room air conditioners category witnessed high demand driven by consumers' 
desire to have products with advanced features and its long-term advantages of savings in energy 
costs. We recorded around 65% growth in split air conditioner categories, with demand coming 
from across the country. Strong demand for premium category of products, i.e. 5-star rated 
products, continued. And overall sales mix for these products has also improved for Voltas. The 
zest of meeting the market demand and meeting customer expectations by giving them comfort 
and convenience and making our products accessible through our widespread distribution reach, 
leveraging on the supply chain, helped us retain our leadership position for the year, with an exit 
market share of 21.2% in June 2024. 
 
Since the past few quarters, we have continued to strengthen our brand proposition and product 
placements across all channel formats. During the season for RAC, the performance and 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
leadership position continues to remain strong. The company also registered significant growth 
in volume for other cooling products, including air coolers and commercial refrigeration 
products. Commercial refrigeration industry garnered traction leading to a high demand for cold 
beverages and ice creams, thus helping us clock positive results for the business. 
 
Within the commercial refrigeration category, demand was buoyant for water coolers and water 
dispensers. The business recorded all-time-high sales in the quarter driven by sales across all 
commercial refrigeration products and led to a growth higher than the industry, helping us retain 
our market leadership position in freezers, water coolers and water dispenser categories. Our 
new products in cold room and medical refrigeration have also registered good business growth 
and healthy order booking, ensuring good volumes in the category. However, stock liquidation 
of non-QCO inventory has led to a slight drop in margin during the quarter. 
 
Like RAC and CR, the performance of the air cooler vertical added extra flavour to the 
milestones of the company in the current quarter with a staggering 170% volume growth over 
corresponding previous quarter. High sales in the first quarter have set the path for an exciting 
year ahead with advanced booking of coolers for the next season. Aggressive schemes supported 
to expand distribution network and, at the same time, quality products; and support from the 
climatic conditions helped to establish a strong foothold this season. sell-out remained strong 
across all channels. 
 
Our new cooler models were well accepted and further fuelled the growth story for the category. 
As per the latest report, market share has also grown to 10.50%, helping us become the number 
two brand in the month of June 2024 for this category, widening the gap with brands at third and 
fourth positions. Water heater sales had a good start for the vertical and are expected to grow 
bigger in the coming months despite this being a lean period for the product. 
 
The commercial air conditioning (CAC) vertical performance also remained steady during the 
quarter. Sales of VRF, cassette ACs, ducted ACs drove the top line and bottom line for the 
quarter. Unlike product sales in the current quarter, margins from retrofit jobs were lower, which 
moderated the overall EBIT performance for the vertical for the quarter. This, however, will 
improve over the next few months. 
 
Consumer-centric finance schemes contributed significantly to the increase in sales this season. 
Additionally, on the cost front, commodity prices have started to accelerate upwards, with USD-
INR depreciating over the quarter. And both have been detrimental to the profitability of the 
business. Considering the seasonality of business, IPL and a move towards TV advertisements 
and higher sales and promotion expenses kept our margins in line with the previous year. On the 
other hand, various value engineering initiatives and cost austerity drives have kept the margins 
stable. 
 
To summarize, for the quarter ended June 2024, the UCP segment registered a revenue of Rs 
3,802 crores, a 51% growth in turnover from Rs 2,514 crores in Q1 FY '24. The segment reported 
an EBIT of Rs 327 crores in Q1 FY '25 as compared to Rs 207 crores in Q1 FY '24, growth of 
58%. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
On the capacity expansion front, we are happy to announce that we have started commercial 
operations in our RAC factory in Chennai, with a capacity of 1 million and water dispenser line 
with a capacity of around 3.5 lakhs in Waghodia. Both these plants provide us with strategic 
advantage of location and help us cater to the market in South and West India. This will enable 
us to meet growing demand for the underpenetrated air conditioning and commercial 
refrigeration products market. This would in turn help us deliver a powerful performance to give 
our consumers comfort and convenience. With our story of volume growth across channels and 
products, we are optimistic on utilization of our factories to the optimum scale and achieve cost 
efficiencies for the business going forward. 
 
Segment B – Electro-Mechanical Projects and Services 
The segment revenue for the quarter was Rs 949 crores as compared to the previous 
corresponding quarter revenue of Rs 679 crores, a growth of 40%. In the past, while we faced 
multiple headwinds in the international projects business, in the current quarter, we reported a 
positive EBIT of Rs 67 crores for this segment.  
Healthy opening order book, quality Professional Qualifications (PQE), focused project review 
and governance structure and a better working capital management has translated into healthy 
business performance of the Domestic Projects business. The Domestic Projects business 
recorded a growth of 50% for the quarter ended June 2024. 
 
Elections in the country subdued the order booking for the Domestic Project business. And the 
order pad stands at Rs 4,769 crores currently. We are anticipating order booking to pick up 
during the second half of this financial year. For International Projects business, projects in UAE 
and Saudi continued to deliver good performance and drive the revenue growth for the business. 
Strong project execution, timely assessment of cost and profitability has ensured a strong 
bottom-line performance for our businesses after facing challenges for a few quarters. We are 
further elated to inform that in both the matters of our BG encashments which pertain to financial 
year '22, 2023, we have received arbitration award in our favour. And whilst the collection of 
the proceeds may take some time, our efforts of demonstrating fulfilment of our part of the job 
and defying an unwarranted encashment have worked positively. 
 
We remained cautious in order booking during the quarter. The carry forward order book for 
international business as of 30 June 2024 stood at Rs 2,734 crores, largely in UAE and Saudi 
Arabia region. The total carry forward order book of the segment stood at INR7,503 crores as 
of 30 June 2024. Segment profitability was higher, considering the projects achieving threshold 
milestones resulting in the accrual of profitability for the jobs. 
 
Segment C - Engineering Products and Services 
Segment revenue and results for segment C continued to report better performance for the 
quarter over previous year. Segment revenue for the quarter was Rs 161 crores and EBIT for the 
quarter was Rs 45 crores, respectively. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Mining and construction vertical achieved a positive momentum on top line, ensuring 
continuation of business activities in terms of O&M jobs and sale of Powerscreen machines. 
However, margin reductions and ancillary overhead costs relating to the business did not help 
us to replicate the top line growth to EBIT. Going forward, robust growth abilities in both 
Mozambique and India will help us maintain the business momentum for the year. 
 
The textile industry experienced headwinds owing to fluctuations in cotton and yarn exports. As 
a result, capex within the industry decreased across the sector, which led to reduced utilization 
levels of spinners and thereby a corresponding reduction in demand and margins for our agency 
business. Despite these headwinds, the business performance of our own after sales and post-
spinning businesses has been positive. 
 
Voltas Beko 
Voltbek, our home appliances brand, continues to grow with the support of Voltas' strong brand 
presence and distribution and Arçelik's technical expertise, with a formidable team leading 
Voltbek. The home appliances industry in India witnessed a healthy growth fuelled by a surge 
in demand for both large and small appliances. And Voltas Beko offered an impressive array of 
products to meet the demands of the consumers. Voltbek has delivered a volume growth of over 
50% compared to corresponding period in the previous year. With regards to the bottom line, 
with increased volume and gradual reduction in losses, Voltbek continues to reduce loss per 
units and move towards our goal of achieving EBITDA breakeven in near future. 
 
Voltas Beko has solidified its position among the top 3 brands in semi-automatic washing 
machines category for YTD June 2024 at 14% market share and overall YTD June 2024 share 
in washing machine category to 7.8%. The refrigerator segment also achieved over 50% growth 
in business, reporting a YTD June 2024 market share of 5.2%. Other segments such as 
dishwashers and microwaves also achieved better business performance. 
 
Voltbek is committed to meet its two objectives of enhancing its market presence across various 
product categories by deploying customized approaches for market penetration and growth and 
to attain profitability. These initiatives will involve expanding distribution reach, adopting 
channel-specific tactics to enhance market reach in key regions through retail and distribution 
channels and maintaining a strong focus on boosting e-commerce and omni-channel 
development. And on the cost front, localization of production of a larger portion of its product 
portfolio, product efficiencies, value engineering efforts and improving product mix have 
resulted in a positive outlook for the company. 
 
Outlook 
The period of July to September, that is quarter 2 FY '25, is usually a lean period for cooling 
products. However, the start of festival period may lead to an early spurt in demand. It will be 
interesting to see the impact of the interplay of multiple factors such as inflation, movement in 
crude oil prices, rupee behaviour and geopolitical challenges. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
I'd also like to inform that company has on June 20, 2024, as part of internal restructuring earlier 
announced, executed the share purchase agreements with Universal MEP Projects Pte. Limited, 
UMPPL, a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the company incorporated in the Republic of 
Singapore, for transfer of the company's direct investments in overseas subsidiary companies, 
namely Weathermaker FZE in UAE (100%), Saudi Ensas Company for Engineering Services 
WLL in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (92%) and Lalbuksh Voltas Engineering Services and 
Trading LLC in Sultanate of Oman (20%) to UMPPL. The transactions are targeted to be 
completed on or before 30 September 2024, subject to satisfactory completion of the condition’s 
precedent, including necessary approvals and procedures as may be required in the respective 
local jurisdictions and in accordance with the provisions of the share purchase agreement. It is 
pertinent to note that post transfer of these investments, the economic interest of the company 
and in the aforesaid overseas subsidiary companies shall continue to remain intact. 
 
The government has remained optimistic in meeting its capex commitment for FY '24 in its 
budget. And while the order pickup was low in quarter 1, with a stable government now in place, 
we anticipate order pickup for our project business. However, we will continue to follow a 
cautious risk-mitigated approach while selecting new orders.  
For us, currently the execution of the orders in hand is paramount to ensure timely completion 
of the projects with tendered margins. In general, we will remain cautiously optimistic on pickup 
in the pace of overall economic activity and Voltas will seize the opportunity to continue with 
the growth momentum. That's all from my side.  
We can open the session for question-and-answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ankur from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Hi sir good morning. Thanks for your time and great set of numbers. So my first question was 
on the room AC segment and more of your market share and how competition is behaving. And 
clearly you've obviously been doing a great job of taking back market share. And what I 
specifically also see at the GfK data is that Koreans seem to be losing out across ACs, refs, 
washers, a trend we've been seeing for the past few months.  
So any comments on your side? What's really happening on competition maybe what the 
Koreans are thinking? Are they like refocusing more on margins over volumes and therefore it's 
obviously helping players like us take back market share? Some color also other players is the 
industry a little more rationale in terms of taking price hikes? So yes, some color there on 
competitive behaviour? 
Management: 
I would like to refrain from commenting about the competition, but of course, I can talk about 
our numbers here. So this year, it has been quite hot and humid summer. And Voltas, of course, 
being a Tata group company the faith, love, affection and trust which we got from our consumers 
was enormous this year and all along in our journey. So that's one part.  

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Secondly, we were very strong in managing our supply chain. We had planned better. Therefore, 
we could gain on that ground coupled with our wider reach and distribution compared to other 
players It helped us gain momentum and continue to gain momentum in our category.  
And our product portfolio, and strong dealer network and along with our capability of 
manufacturing and providing the aftersales service to the consumer have played well. All these 
things have played good role in enabling us to regain some of our market share. And as of June 
end, our market share stands at a strong 21.2%. And we have been able to widen the gap with 
the number 2 player by almost 800 basis points. 
Ankur: 
Right. And any sense on -- I understand that obviously summers were good and that's helped 
overall industry pricing and margins, but even otherwise do you believe or moving on to a high 
level of margins? Would that be a fair assumption? 
Management: 
So it is difficult to say because we'll have to play here cautiously, because competition is very 
stiffer each passing days, passing months. We've got more than 65 brands available in India and 
quite a few of them are private labels as well. So to retain this kind of market share is itself a big 
challenge, but yes our endeavour is going to continue to retain this kind of market share and to 
remain the market leader.  
More than anything else, we would like to retain our leadership. On the margin front, whatever 
we have always been giving guidance that we will retain- the high single-digit profitability % 
which we have been ensuring all along. And our endeavour going forward also will be to retain 
that high single-digit profitability. That's what we can suggest. 
Ankur: 
Yes. And quickly a second question would be on the projects business where clearly margins 
looked very healthy this quarter at 7%. So any provisions which have been taken or is this more 
like the mid-single-digit margins is what you could -- or you would expect for the remaining 
quarters going forward? 
Management: 
In the last few of our interactions with all of you we've shared, we have become more prudent 
because in the previous years and in , last couple of quarters we had some challenges. We had 
to make provisions on some projects . The payments were getting delayed, etc and also our bank 
guarantees also got encashed.  
However, this quarter there was no such incident happened and therefore, we did well. And 
projects generally give us margin of between 4% and 5% only all along. So that's what we have 
been trying, that it should continue. We should continue in that way by remaining prudent in 
selecting the project. Actually we are doing a lot of screening from the business side, when we 
get the tenders, etc. So we look at it very carefully and select the projects which are prudent and 
which are worthy of carrying forward and execution 
Ankur: 
I get that. Okay sir great. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So my question is on the unitary cooling, if you could just help us. What was the revenue from 
the commercial HVAC, commercial ref segment? You gave the breakup last quarter for the full 
year number, so this year what's the growth in those segment? A continuing question here is you 
mentioned there have been certain one-off costs in the commercial ref segment. If you could just 
help us with that? 
 
And on the pure air conditioning segment you mentioned full year profit margins were 10% last 
quarter. What were they now and historically we have seen margins in the band of 12% to 14% 
and 1 year 15% as well. Now that you have gained scale, you have own manufacturing, could 
we expect double-digit margins going forward? May not be this year, but over a couple of years. 
Is that something which is also you believe achievable? 
Management: 
Commercial refrigeration and commercial air conditioning put together the revenue share has 
been about 18% of the UCP segment. So since you know that we are a very diversified business 
house. So all in all our edeavor is to to retain a high single-digit margin, scale up our business 
and retain leadership position in all the businesses. That is also of significant importance for us. 
And therefore, we are trying to address both retaining the high single-digit profitability and 
retaining the number one position, leadership position, in all the category and businesses which 
we deal in.  
So therefore, I'm not very keen about only increasing the profitability to double digits and triple 
digits. That is not the endeavour. Endeavor is to more scale up the businesses in a big way and 
expand the industry. That is what we look forward to. As you grow there your absolute 
profitability goes up. Your absolute revenue goes up, so that's what we aim for. And you are -- 
you become a very – number one with a wider gap with the number two, three, four players that 
is what we look forward to. 
Management: 
Unitary cooling also you will see that -- last couple of quarters you would have seen we've tried 
to retain 8.5%, 9%. So that is what we will be aiming for going ahead. And if there is an 
opportunity to improve further, we will not leave any stone unturned on that also, but that's what 
guidance I'll give only, the high single digit, as of now. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Great. And just that what was the negative impact of the inventory write-off on -- because of the 
change in law? You mentioned about that in your opening remarks? 
Management: 
I think usually we do not quantify. We have not said any inventory write-offs in our opening 
remarks. We did say there was a QCO-related impact in the CR industry, where most of the 
industry players had to sell off their QCO-related inventory at discounted or cheaper prices, and 
due to which, we couldn't increase our prices. But we didn't have any write-offs or anything, just 
to clarify that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Kale from Invesco. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Congratulations on a very strong quarter. Sir, so I just wanted to understand, even on the CAC 
side, you said the margins were kind of impacted. Can you just highlight what was the issue 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
here? And would it be fair to say that like if you kind of keep aside the dry box which commercial 
refrigeration and CAC, RAC margins would not kind of improve on a Q-o-Q basis? 
Management: 
So as far as CAC, commercial air conditioning is concerned, you will not see much of a margin 
dip. It's about minor percentage point only. However, there also was the impact of the margins 
from retrofit jobs were lower, which moderated the overall EBIT performance for the vertical 
for the quarter. So that was the reason. This, however, will improve over the next few months. 
Nikhil Kale: 
So then the RAC margins were kind of include in a Q-o-Q basis if you kind of remove this CAC? 
Management: 
RAC quality control order has already happened quite some time back. So that is -- that impact 
is, I think, gone away long back. So now RAC margins have been slightly reasonable. And if we 
look at Segment A margins those have already improved. Only thing is CAC and CR will have 
to look up now after the quality control orders have been implemented and our products are 
compliant with this quality control order. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Okay. So what I was saying was like Q4, we did 9.2% in UCP and this quarter was 8.6%. So 
can you attribute the decline entirely to CAC and the commercial refrigeration? 
Management: 
So partly, yes, because of Commercial AC and Commercial refrigeration, for sure. But in this 
first quarter, there is a heavy advertisement cost. We have to advertise a lot. IPL etc., is being 
happening around that time. Then because the sales are higher, therefore, also our subvention 
costs, for consumer financing, rebates are higher. So everything goes up relatively and therefore, 
I think that has taken a bit of an impact due to that. And therefore, as against, 9.2% margin, we 
are at 8.6% at the moment in this quarter. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Understood. And my second question was on the mechanical project segment. So you said that 
the arbitration has gone in your of favor. So any sense on what kind of amount will we kind of 
have to collect from the BG encashment that has happened. So just some sense on what kind of 
writebacks can we kind of expect over the next few quarters? 
Management: 
See, as we have said in our opening remarks, that we have won the arbitration awards, which is 
a good win to prove that, the encashments done were unethical or you can even say even without 
any reason. So that's a kind of vindicating our stand that we were right all the time. Now as far 
as the process goes, there is an arbitration award then it goes thought the courts. There are 
appeals, counter appeals. 
 
So I wouldn't be able to confirm when and how we will be able to receive some money. But I 
can only confirm to you that whenever we receive in the coming quarters, it could be 4 or 8 
quarters down the line or even longer, we will have to follow the court process. The only 
assurance we have is that the court processes in these countries are much faster, and we would 
see the results sooner unlike some of the results we hear or see in the Indian courts. So within a 
period of, I would say, 4 to 8 quarters, we should see this. If we may be able to collect the money, 
that would remain the key. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, given the strong momentum we now see in first quarter, any outlook for the year, if you can 
share for the UCP industry or for you, how to look at the growth? And does the numbers in the 
current quarter, quarter 1 also include the production from the Chennai plant or it is yet to come? 
Management: 
So let me answer and then probably my CFO can also add to that. Quarter 2 is generally a bit 
challenging one because it's a lean quarter and there are a lot of things happening because of 
range, also in auspicious period, Shraadh and all happening in India. Many of us believe in that. 
So sentiments remain a bit down. And we are not very gung-ho about quarter 2. 
 
And even quarter 3, if you look for AC category, it is not a big quarter, actually because not very 
many people come forward to buy air conditioners during this quarter. But of course, for our 
Voltbek range of products, quarter 3 is expected to be a good season, is going to be a probably 
bit the stronger one. So that is what we are looking forward to. But then also, there are quite a 
few geographical -- geopolitical challenges, which are coming across including war situation in 
some of the countries, not too happy situation in some of the Middle Eastern countries sentiments 
are bit challenging there, U.S. because of election, etc. 
 
So all this is going to play some part in the next 1 or 2 quarters. So we'll have to be of watchful 
of all these events as to how it happens. And therefore, we will keep our fingers crossed, but our 
dream would be to continue to keep pushing numbers as much as possible so that we remain the 
leaders in each of the category, which we represent. 
Management: 
I think just to add, our strategic intent continues to be  strong remain with our number one 
position. And in that endeavour, we do all our activities in a very cohesive manner, thereby to 
give you a very quick and short answer. We maintain our guidance or indication of overall 
single-digit -- high single-digit profitable margins -- profit margins. And that kind of remain. 
Yes. 
Management: 
I need to also give you answer to the Chennai factory. Yes, Chennai plant is fully ready to start 
production. Production has begun in this month. We were waiting for the commercial certificate 
or licensing to be approved by the government, which we've received. So production has 
commenced. Now they're in the phase to augment and to facilitate us to cater to the rising 
demands in this category. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Congratulation on the good quarter. So my question, sir, again, some extensions to your earlier 
question. Firstly, with the peak summer season behind us, what are the indications that you are 
seeing of the underlying demand trend? We understand summer was very strong. There was 
stock out at certain quarters and hence, the channel selling can take place. But generally, on the 
underlying consumer trends, what are you seeing right now? And how sustainable do you think 
your market share gain of Q1 will be? 
Management: 
So you see, India is very hot and humid country. And if we see because of global warming issue, 
is going to continue to remain same. And I am not too sure there will be any reluctance from the 
weather God that India will become a cooler country. So I think we will continue to get 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
opportunities. Secondly, if you look at penetration level in India, it's also very low. It's been 
hovering around 7-8%, not beyond if you look at. And therefore, that also shows a big 
opportunity. 
 
Thirdly, if you look at our per capita income, our GDP growth, everything has been indicating 
for a big growth and India is poised for a big growth and India will continue to grow. Next 10 
to 20 years belong to India, as I would have said earlier also. So I don't think I have got any 
apprehensions about India growth story. 
 
So that is continued -- going to happen. And we will continue to augment our capabilities to be 
able to cater to those rising demands. Each, we have earmarked large sums of capex, almost Rs 
800 crores to Rs 1,000 crores which we have earmarked for our factories. All the factories are 
going in the full swing. We're ramping up production. We are investing into plant and machinery. 
So I don't have any doubt about the growth story of India. So I am looking forward to big growth, 
and we will continue to keep on harping on those opportunities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Congratulations on very strong performance during the quarter. Sir, I have one question. Sir, I 
think the entire industry is talking about profitability in the UCP business being in the high single 
digits. Do you see there are -- you have levers to increase that number, given that government 
has kind of eased on China visas or JV approvals, etcetera. 
 
So I think what is your thoughts or the update on your JV on the compressor side if you could 
elaborate on that? And just continuing with the same question, given your Chennai factories 
commenced operations, you were also looking at export opportunity, given Q2, Q3 are off-
season for the AC products? What are your thoughts on export? How soon can we see that area 
also picking up? Thank you. 
Management: 
So there are many questions embedded in the questions but nevertheless, let me answer. Firstly, 
when you say on the margins that everybody has been talking about high single digits. I am not 
too sure whether all the brands, all the players available in India have shown high single-digit 
barring probably, I will say 1 or 2.  
So that's one piece of answer. Secondly, if you talk about the compressor status, as you know 
that we were stuck up. We tried our level best. We signed up joint venture. But because of 
approval for want of that, we could not carry on with the compressor manufacturing earlier on. 
 
However, we have been trying and attempting if we can rope-in some technology partner, we'll 
be more than happy to set up a factory very soon. But we are waiting for something to come up. 
And as and when the good news comes up, we will share with you. So about that also. But yes, 
of course, our endeavour is that we should definitely look forward to manufacturing of 
compressors. 
 
Not only compressor, but a couple of other important components which goes into 
manufacturing of air conditioner, we are looking forward to building up capabilities in that 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
direction. So our R&D and manufacturing teams have been continuously working towards all 
this. So that is question 2. 
 
Early, you talked about exports business. So exports, we have made some humble beginnings 
because of our presence in GCC countries because of our project businesses out there. We've 
made some in-roads but it is not worth mentioning at the moment. But yes, of course, going 
forward, as we are setting up more and more factories and we are augmenting our production 
facilities. 
 
Going forward, we will look at something. But I think if you ask me, honestly, and all of us 
know that India itself is providing so much of opportunities. There are so much of potential 
available in India. We need to encash upon that before we look at and explore -- start exploring 
on the exports. 
 
So I think firstly, I would, whatever factories I'm setting up, my endeavour would be to get that 
to the rising demand of India. And in case we got excess capacities then we'll start looking at 
developing some of the geographies where there is meaningful business position. And also, 
currently, you look at geopolitical situation in many of these geographies, SAARC countries, 
Europe had a not so good situation in whether it is called Bangladesh or Sri Lanka financially 
also and there are also some challenges with some of these geographies. Then GCC countries 
also there is some kind of war-like situation happening. So I think we'd rather like to wait and 
watch to get things clearer before we jump in export trade. But yes, whenever opportunities 
come up, we will surely look at that as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh B.: 
Questions are related to the UCP segment. I think you -- what you have shared is the exit market 
share end of June? Is it possible to share what is the market share for the full quarter? That is 
one part of the question. 
 
The second part of the question is can actually tell what is the -- how is the channel inventory 
looking at? Because we have read even throughout the first quarter that there have been stock-
outs. So is the channel inventory at this point in time like normal levels or it is below normal 
levels? 
Management: 
So on the market share front both on the volume as well as value, we have increased our market 
share and YTD basis also by 0.5%. So currently, our market share on a YTD basis for this quarter 
is 19.5%. And we are about 450 basis points ahead of the nearest rival. So that is about market 
share. 
 
Secondly, on the inventory front with the trade, it is not high because the channel and all the 
brands were struggling. And so were we also to cater to the demand, it was hand-to-mouth kind 
of a situation in the last 1 or 2 months because nobody could have planned a growth of 60%, 
70%. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
So inventory is not much in the neither with the trade nor with the brands. But therefore, I said 
is we are augmenting as we go forward. And this quarter is a bit leaner, so we'll start building 
up for the coming second summers for some of the geographies in India and as we go forward 
for the next year as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Sir, would it be possible to quantify advertisement and promotion spend that you did in the AC 
business in this summer season versus same period last year in terms of percentage of sales? 
And sir, also a related question I would have is has there been a material change in your channel 
mix in the AC business, if I compare this summer season versus last year? 
Management: 
So generally, we have earmarked about roughly around 3% of our yearly budget for the 
advertisement. And they will tantamount to roughly around Rs 200-odd crores approximately. 
It should come up to, including the ATL and BTL activities which we're going to spend during 
the year. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Has there been jump, sir, if I compare summer period to summer period like year-on-year? 
Management: 
This year, we have earmarked more. Earlier on, we used to do about 2%. But this year, roughly 
it has been around 3%. We are earmarking because we want to, as I said is, we want to scale up 
our numbers. 
Management: 
I'd just like to clarify, it is 3% for the quarter. But for the full year, we maintain between 1.5% 
to 1.75%. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
But we are incrementally looking to spend more. 
Management: 
Yes, I mean, one month, this month here and next month here can happen. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
What I wanted to know is, has there been a material change in your channel mix in the AC 
business if I compare this summer versus last year? 
Management: 
Generally speaking, there is no change in the channel mix. Of course, our efforts in certain 
geographies are much bigger than what they were in the previous quarter. And therefore, based 
on the geography, we all know like South is much more on the organized trade and all. So 
therefore, those impacts would have happened. But specifically, we continue to maintain and 
service all the channels. There is no one way or the other differentiating between the channels 
because all channels are poised for growth, and we are looking at that with that eye. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pulkit from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit: 
Sir, congratulations on your market share gain. My question is related to this. Sir, what we 
understand it, there's been pretty significant discounting that Voltas has done due to subvention 
scheme in order to gain the market share back, obviously, your distribution and etc., health. But 
do you think the brand has now sort of moved from premium economy to more like an economy 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
category in terms of where our placement is relative to competition, and that's really something 
that has helped us significant market share in terms of how we are positioned? Would like to 
know your view. And if there's a third-party research you've done in order to understand what 
the brand perception is right now? 
Management: 
See, this perception that we have done heavy discounting to achieve the market share, I would 
say, it's a wrong perception. We as a corporate, we are always focused on sustainable strategies 
and trades, both. We never take knee-jerk reactions on any of these kind of things. The market 
as such has been greater adoption of consumer finance schemes, driven by consumer behaviour 
to opt for finance options and we have been similar increased adoption for our products. 
 
You can call it to the consumer behavior or maybe the new families, they prefer to take the 
finance, so therefore, our costs also increased because of that. But it's not that we are going 
aggressive in any way to go out discounting or to spend more money on subvention, no. That's 
not the right way to look at it. On the other side, I think what was your last question? Could you 
repeat. 
Pulkit: 
So it was the first question on have you done any study on brand perception of late? 
Management: 
No, of late we haven't carried out, but generally, we do it once in 2, 3 years only. We haven't 
carried out any study overselves.  However we are pleased to note that the prestigious Brand 
Finance Report of 2024 has ranked Voltas among top 10 brands in India, with Voltas being only 
brand listed in top 10  in the consumer durable industry. 
 
 
 
I think we seem to have been doing pretty well on our brand image. Brand equity, it goes also 
whenever we carry out before the season and after the season also, that we'll be able to share 
with you in the next probably time we are meeting up with you. And then generally, our brand 
equity scores are also pretty high only. 
Management: 
You can write back to us in case any questions are left. We'll try best in ever to answer you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain for closing comments. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you. Unfortunately, that would have been the last question due to prior commitment for 
the management. I now request the management to post closing comments, if any. 
Management: 
I think our last comments remain the same. We are in a very interesting time period of growth. 
And we are poised with our increase in capacities and everything to be able to be part of this 
growth. And that's all from my side. Yes. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Management: 
Thanks, everybody. 
