            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office: Plot No.18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel.: +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail: devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website: www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
 
 
August 12, 2024 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on August 5, 2024, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter ended 
June 30, 2024, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2659, 
pseudonym=RMiYpdHy7f8dLXcxKPxs2gKTewdo4tgl, 
2.5.4.20=039b8b79599311a1663813cc5616228df6997b
a3966868e27bd5278bd188095c, postalCode=121001, 
st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=662a532e90644d78d21acc7a66f8fa746a
569f819b8498cde6d1a476746030b2, cn=Pankaj 
Virmani 
Date: 2024.08.12 17:02:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
     Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Devyani International's Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria – Non-Executive Chairman of the Company; Mr. Raj 
Gandhi – Non-Executive Director; Mr. Virag Joshi – CEO & Whole-time Director and  
Mr. Manish Dawar – CFO & Whole-time Director of the Company.  
We will initiate the call with opening remarks by the Chairman, followed by key financial 
highlights from the CFO. Post that, we will open the forum for a question-and-answer 
session.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements in today's call may be 
forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results 
presentation shared with you earlier.  
I will now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon everyone. I warmly welcome you all to our Earnings Conference Call to 
discuss the Business Performance of DIL for the First Quarter of the Financial Year 2024-
25.  
DIL added 54 new stores during the quarter with an aim to reach the consumers in 
underpenetrated markets and offer enhanced customer experience and service. With 
this addition, our total store count has reached 1,836 stores as of June 30, 2024. We 
remain committed to expand our store presence.  
The consumer sentiment in the first quarter of full year 2025 has remained more or less 
in line with the trends observed for the consumer industry and QSR industry. This is 
mainly on account of the challenging macro and microeconomic factors.  

 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
We witnessed an improved performance for DIL in Quarter 1 driven by seasonality, cost 
leverage, from better ADS across our businesses, and a relatively lower impact of 
Nigerian currency devaluation. The customers remain cautious with their spending, a 
trend that has impacted our performance as well.  
Additionally, macroeconomic factors such as international conflicts and global boycotts 
continue to impact the operations in certain geographies. The Nigerian currency 
continued its weakening trend in Quarter 1 as well. On balance, we are delighted with 
the positive progress in Quarter 1 and shall continue to be relentless in our plans for the 
coming quarters.  
We introduced innovative marketing campaigns, promotional offers and deals on our 
range of brands, enabling us to capitalize on seasonal trends. Despite challenges, we 
remain focused on offering value-driven options to our customers to adapt to market 
dynamics and drive growth.  
To further navigate competition and strengthen the connect with younger audiences, 
Pizza Hut India launched a series of distinctive marketing initiatives across digital 
platforms and diverse channels. These efforts included increased visibility for Melts 
through television ads and videos. The highly anticipated Thin N Crispy pizza crust also 
made an entry to our core business, driving a boost in sales during the holiday season.  
We are optimistic that the industry will rebound during the ensuing festive season. We 
continue to expand our store footprint and make our brands more accessible to our 
consumers. We are also focused on enhancing our institutional business, including food 
courts and our presence at high-footfall locations like airports. 
To sum up, India presents a highly promising outlook for our brands and the QSR 
industry. The robust economic growth, rising disposable incomes, and increasing 
urbanization will drive demand for convenient and high-quality fast-food experiences. We 
remain bullish on the India story and the QSR space in the medium and long term and 
are confident that these favorable trends will continue to drive our expansion and 
success.  
Additionally, our Thailand business is demonstrating good growth with new store 
openings and strategic focus on customer delight.  
As announced earlier, we are on track to achieve a total score count of 2,000 stores 
within the current fiscal year, a milestone that underscores our commitment to growth 
and our confidence in the future potential of our markets.  
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you very much.  
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome and thank you 
for your valuable time for attending DIL's Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call, our twelfth 
call since the listing in August 2021.  
DIL's total store count stands at 1,836 stores as at the end of Quarter 1 FY25 with a 
footprint of 1,738 stores across our core brands namely KFC, Pizza Hut, and Costa 
Coffee. This consists of 970 stores for KFC, 576 stores for Pizza Hut and 192 stores for 
Costa Coffee.  
The operating revenue for Q1 FY25 was Rs. 1,222 crore representing a growth of 44.3% 
versus Q1 FY24 and 16.7% versus Quarter 4 FY24. This is mainly on account of 
consolidation of Thailand business since the acquisition was completed in January 2024. 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
The consolidated revenue of Q1 FY25 includes operating revenues of Thailand business 
for the full quarter.  
The Indian business witnessed a growth of 11.7% quarter-on-quarter with improved ADS 
on both of our core brands, that is KFC and Pizza Hut. The gross margins for the 
consolidated business including Thailand was flat at 69.2% versus the previous quarter. 
The Thailand KFC business operates at a lower gross margin versus the Indian KFC 
business. The margins for Q1 FY25 was lower by 1.6% versus Q1 FY24 because of full 
Thailand consolidation.  
The brand contribution for Q1 FY25 was 15.3% with an improvement of 1.8% versus the 
previous quarter. This was aided by movement in India by 130 basis points and 
improvement in our international business operations by almost 470 basis points. The 
all-round improvement is on account of better cost leverage across all our operations 
with improved ADS and relatively better currency situation in Nigeria.  
Consolidated operating EBITDA on a pre-IndAS basis was Rs. 141 crore versus Rs. 96 
crore in the previous quarter, a growth of almost 47%. The pre-IndAS margins for the 
quarter for the consolidated business were 11.6% versus 9.2% in the previous quarter.  
The improvement in brand contribution is fully reflected in the operating EBITDA margins 
for DIL on a consolidated basis. The consolidated reported EBITDA on a post-IndAS 
basis was 18.3%, an improvement of 1.7% versus Quarter 4 FY24.  
The Nigerian currency continued its weakening trend in Quarter 1 FY25. The rate of 
currency depreciation is better versus the previous quarters. During the quarter, Nigerian 
Naira got depreciated by almost 10% versus the USD. As a result of this, the Nigerian 
business has recorded an overall loss of Rs. 22.5 crore on account of USD denominated 
liabilities during the quarter. Out of this, FX loss Rs. 7.6 crore has been recorded in the 
P&L and has been disclosed as a separate line item. The remainder currency loss has 
been recorded as OCI. Such foreign exchange loss on account of Nigeria currency 
devaluation in the consolidated financial statements shall not form part of the EBITDA 
calculations being a non-cash item.  
The PBT for Q1 FY25 on a consolidated basis was Rs. 31 crore versus a negative  
Rs. 38 crore for the previous quarter. The improvement in PBT is on account of improved 
margins in Quarter 1 FY25 and reduction in currency devaluation back in Nigeria.  
Taking the discussions to our core brands, KFC in India added 21 new stores in Quarter 
1 FY25. With this, the total store count for KFC in India stands at 617 stores as at the 
end of Quarter 1 FY25. Average daily sales for Quarter 1, FY25 improved to Rs. 104,000 
versus Rs. 93,000 in the previous quarter. Revenues at Rs. 555 crore grew 12.3% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Gross margins for KFC during the quarter was 69.5%. Brand 
contribution margin was 19.5% for the current quarter, thereby reflecting an improvement 
of 50 basis points over the previous quarter.  
During the quarter, Pizza Hut added three new stores, reaching a total count of 570 
stores in India. Revenue for Quarter 1 FY25 was Rs. 182 crore versus Rs. 162 crore in 
the previous quarter. ADS for the brand improved to Rs. 36,000 versus Rs. 32,000 in the 
previous quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was 76.8%. Brand contribution for the 
quarter was Rs. 9 crore with margins at 5%, which grew by 60 basis points on a quarter-
on-quarter basis mainly due to better leverage on account of higher ADS.  
Costa Coffee added 13 new stores during the quarter, reaching a cumulative store count 
of 192 stores. Quarter 1 FY25 revenue was flat at Rs. 45 crore versus the previous 
quarter. The revenue grew by 40.5% on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to expansion 
of new stores. The gross margin for the quarter was 75%. Brand contribution in Quarter 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
1 stood at 15%, resulting in a drop of 2.9% versus the previous quarter because of ADS 
deleverage impact.  
Our international operations now fully include the Thailand acquisition. The total number 
of international stores was 363, with the addition of 10 new stores in Quarter 1 FY25. 
The international revenue for the quarter was Rs. 390 crore, giving a gross margin of 
63.7% and the brand contribution margin of 14.8%. The reported EBITDA was 13.1% 
during the quarter.  
To conclude, we want to reiterate our commitment to the Indian QSR market. As we 
continue to expand, we remain committed to improving our financial performance by way 
of prudent financial management in creating long-term value for our shareholders.  
On that note, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or any suggestions that you may have. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
The first question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
My first question is on Chairman's opening comments. He has mentioned that the 
Company is optimistic of a rebound in the industry during the festive season. I just 
wanted to understand those comments better. Are there any signs or any data points 
that you are seeing based on which you are turning optimistic?  
Manish Dawar: 
Saurabh we have seen in the past that in any market, it is the festival season which kind 
of perks up the store and the overall consumer sentiment. This is the reason we are 
basing our view that this festival season we could see it, because we have been in this 
scenario for the last 5 to 6 quarters now. We hope that festival season could probably 
be a turned down situation for the industry.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Second one on KFC. If I recall correctly, you were more impacted because of I think 
Adhik Maas in the September quarter last year. Should we expect a sharp improvement 
from the current -7 and your base is -4 next quarter. Can we hope for a flattish SSSG on 
that base?  
Manish Dawar: 
Saurabh, you are right. The overall macroeconomic situation or the macro environment 
continues to evolve, our store count is also much better versus where we were last year. 
It is not the same environment which was there last year. We are facing headwinds on 
account of West Asia war and the boycott of brands which is going on. So, there are 
multiple other factors also at play, not just the Adhik Maas.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
But at least an improvement from the current minus 7 that we are at, I would assume.  
Manish Dawar: 
We will not be able to make any forward-looking statement.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
One last one, if I can add, if I subtract the brand contribution of KFC India, Pizza Hut, 
and Costa from the total India brand contribution, I am getting a number of Rs.12 crore, 
which I am assuming is your non-core India businesses. This number is much higher 
than in the past. So, is there any one-off in the India non-core, which is bumping the 
profits or the contribution?  
Manish Dawar: 
Saurabh, there are two, three things at play here. We have other small businesses also 
apart from the three core brands, which includes Vango, food courts and some of the 
non-core businesses at the airports. Also, this time we are giving India business and 
international business separately, and there are some elimination entries on account of 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
the intercompany transactions. So, you would see that the total India and total 
international also would not equate to consolidated on account of elimination entries. 
However, if I were to evaluate India’s performance and international performance 
separately, these are the precise numbers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, my question again is with regards to Saurabh's earlier question only because you 
know, earlier when you used to subtract the Pizza Hut, the KFC and all the other 
numbers, and you can derive the other domestic brand contribution numbers, the run 
rate used to be Rs. 3 to 4 crore, 5 crore, and this time around its 12 crore. So, I am 
guessing the eliminations would have been existing earlier as well. So, on the other way 
round, can this Rs. 12-crore number be sustainable number going ahead? That's the 
question.  
Manish Dawar: 
The difference is that, if you look back a couple of quarters, Thailand wasn't included. 
Thailand is a large business compared to the operations in Nepal and Nigeria, which 
were present in earlier quarters. Also we charge a management fee from the business 
operations, which gets eliminated on a consolidated basis.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, the other question, even as you said that if we total up India, the international 
business, that will not actually equate to the consolidated business. So, is it the 
adjustment for the Forex loss that is reflecting in the international business and that is 
why the difference is there?  
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, the Forex loss is treated differently when we consolidate. Some elements of Forex 
loss are recorded in OCI, while others appear in the P&L line item, whereas at the Nigeria 
level, everything is recorded in the P&L.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, if you can help us out, what is really driving the operational performance 
improvement in the international business because if you go by the last quarter run rate, 
it was around 10%, 11% and it is a sharp jump this quarter around. So, what is really 
driving that?  
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, if you see the ADS has improved across all our brands and operations. In KFC 
India, the ADS for Quarter 1, FY25 improved to Rs. 104,000 versus Rs. 93,000 in the 
previous quarter. In Pizza Hut India, ADS for the brand improved to Rs. 36,000 versus 
Rs. 32,000 in the previous quarter. If you look at Nepal, Nigeria and Thailand, the ADS 
is better versus the previous quarter and therefore that gives you a better leverage from 
a P&L perspective. At the same time there is some element of cost saving measures and 
a cost leverage impact because of the better ADS numbers.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
So, anything specifically related to Thailand here because that business was only 
acquired by you in the last quarter and because now you have one full quarter that we 
have kind of assumed it? So, any particular one offs that you have been getting in terms 
of benefits that will be sustainable going ahead?  
Manish Dawar: 
No, there are no one-off benefits from Thailand.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL.  
Percy Panthaki: 
So, just reconfirming what you said. So, basically, the sales of India plus international 
minus consolidated, the difference I am getting is 77 million. So, does this mean that 
basically the services that the parent is providing to the Thailand subsidiary for which it 
is getting charged, that is roughly equal to about 77 million, which comes into the sales 
of India and probably goes into the cost line item of Thailand?  

 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, it is for Thailand, Nepal and Nigeria.  
Percy Panthaki: 
So, if I have to evaluate the India performance, I should be deducting 77 million from the 
pre-IndAS EBITDA or the post-IndAS EBITDA to get the true performance of India. 
Would that understanding be correct?  
Manish Dawar: 
Percy it's a regular income and these are the costs that are incurred by India on account 
of the other subsidiaries in terms of the supply chain services and central negotiations. 
It is that cost which gets nullified.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And where does that cost sit in India? It would not be sitting in any of the four major 
brand contributions, right? It would be outside that, right? 
Manish Dawar: 
It will be spread across various sites.  
Percy Panthaki: 
But would it be part of let's say a KFC brand contribution because that's a service 
provided for our entity outside India, no need to have it as part of the brand contribution 
of KFC India or Pizza Hut India, right?  
Manish Dawar: 
There could be some small elements which could be there because we do nominate 
some of our store guys to go and visit there.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly, just wanted to understand on the India margins that you have reported in your 
presentation on a pre-IndAS basis, the India margins have declined by 70 basis points 
from 12.6% to 11.9%. But on post-IndAS basis, they have increased from 20% to 20.5%. 
So, there is 120 basis points kind of differential or rather swing, which is happening. So, 
what is causing that?  
Manish Dawar: 
Percy, as you know, the IndAS calculations are based on how many new stores you 
opened, which stores you have shut, the variable rental deals, and the fixed rental deals 
in place. And therefore, it operates quite differently from the pre-IndAS numbers. This is 
entirely a separate lease accounting standard, and the entries are recorded accordingly.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Sure, I got that. But generally, the rough basis points change in the pre-IndAS and post-
IndAS roughly speaking is similar. This time the direction only is different. So, is there 
any particular reason for this quarter?  
Manish Dawar: 
The reason is that our store openings have been relatively lower in the current quarter.  
Percy Panthaki: 
I will probably take this offline.  
Manish Dawar: 
We have talked about 7% to 8% difference in the pre-IndAS and post-IndAS numbers. 
So, it's pretty much close to that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have one question on KFC India. I think that in the last two quarters we have been 
seeing that the ADS and the same store sales growth is also under pressure. Obviously, 
it's a function. If the SSSGs are higher, you will see the ADS will improve. And obviously, 
the overall business will improve. So, I just wanted to understand the product 
interventions and whatever we are doing, is it enough giving us the confidence that the 
recovery will happen if the festive season come back with a strong momentum?  
Manish Dawar: 
Shirish, see, product innovation is always a continuous process, but at the same time if 
you look at the ADS numbers and the SSSG numbers, we have been able to deliver the 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
margins very well. And it's a combination of how do we optimize on the marketing 
spends, what promotions we run, what we offer from a perspective of value layer menu, 
all these results into the margin numbers. So, there are multiple equations at play, which 
is what we need to balance, and that's how we make sure that even though the SSSG 
is negative, we are able to deliver the margin. And once we see the ADS and the SSSG 
coming back, the margins will improve ahead of that.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Manish, I got that. The reason why I am asking, when you look at the Pizza Hut, which 
is most affected and Pizza Hut has seen a higher decline of SSSG, but we have been 
able to maintain the revenue. So, what is it that the change consumer is seeing between 
KFC and Pizza Hut? That's what my bigger question is.  
Manish Dawar: 
Shirish, on Pizza Hut, we are spending some extra because, we have seen a continuous 
decline in this brand over the last 12 to 18 months. And we have taken a conscious call 
to increase our marketing spend on Pizza Hut and as well as the product innovation. But 
again, because of that, you will see that the brand contribution margin for Pizza Hut are 
still low. So we are going back to basics and building the brand again.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So, therefore, my larger question on Pizza Hut is that in the medium term, we have taken 
a pause on more number of stores opening. So, as a management priority, what is the 
important thing? Is it SSSG, ADS, or profitability is important?  
Manish Dawar: 
See, Pizza is the largest QSR category, there is no reason why we should not play a 
Pizza Hut brand, or we should not be present in the Pizza category. Pizza Hut is a 
national number two brand and has a very high consumer recall and confidence. 
Therefore, it is important that we should bring back the brand.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My last question on Thailand. Since you have done the acquisition, and you gave us the 
logic why we have taken Thailand under our stride, just wanted to be more curious, what 
are the changes we have made, what are the things which has not yet happened, and 
whether you think, because somewhere, when we did the acquisition, you said there is 
a gross margin opportunity and there is a margin improvement which can happen. So, 
in that journey, if you can give some qualitative comments.  
Manish Dawar: 
Thailand is a recent acquisition which we got at a great valuation, the team there is very 
stable and the business is doing well. So, there is no need to think of the model which is 
there on a huge basis. We will be able to improve the margins and it will happen over a 
period of time. Structurally, the gross margins in Thailand for KFC brand are lower 
because the brand positioning is more mass premium versus premium as compared to 
India. Thailand addresses a far bigger consumer space, and therefore, the number of 
transactions are higher than the number of transactions in India. From the overall brand 
hierarchy point of view KFC is very well positioned. But again, there are margin 
opportunities at brand contribution or at the EBITDA level, which we will gradually 
capitalize on as we go along.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just one suggestion. Like you have started giving much more information on Vaango, 
can you start giving such details for Thailand business at least for next two to three 
quarters?  
Manish Dawar: 
We will evaluate that, Shirish.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan.  
Latika Chopra: 
My first question was on KFC India. Could you give us some flavor of how the month-
on-month trends behave during the quarter? It seems the April month would have been 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
a little tougher because of the shift in Navaratri, but any color on how May and June 
progressively looked to you?  
Manish Dawar: 
Latika, there are seasonal months in between the quarter. Whenever there's a summer 
holiday season or whenever some sporting event is happening, those months kind of 
pick up. The same thing has played even in the last quarter between April, May, and 
June, there are no different trends.  
Latika Chopra: 
So, it doesn't give much color on whether sequentially you have sensed any change in 
consumer behavior?  
Manish Dawar: 
Not yet.  
Latika Chopra: 
The second question was, when you analyze, or if in case you have that data on market 
share of KFC on third-party aggregator platform revenues, have you seen any discernible 
change?  
Manish Dawar: 
Latika, if we were to look at our ADS numbers, the revenue, whatever the percentage 
contribution from the aggregators have remained similar. We don't formally measure the 
market share on the aggregator platforms. I think we have an opportunity to improve on 
the dine-in for KFC and Pizza Hut, and we are working on that piece as well.  
Latika Chopra: 
The third question was, would it be possible for you to give us some color on what was 
the same store sales growth for Thailand in the quarter?  
Manish Dawar: 
We have not disclosed the Thailand numbers and we will evaluate that later, but just to 
give you a comfort for Thailand, the same store sales growth is positive. And at the same 
time, the geopolitical impact that we are seeing in India, is similar for our stores in 
Thailand and South. And, if I were to negate that, the overall SSSG is healthier. So, even 
after including the South stores, the Thailand SSSG is positive.  
Latika Chopra: 
And since you brought up, you talked about the geopolitical issues, I remember in the 
previous quarter, we were kind of talking about some stabilization from this impact, but 
is there any change in that expectation given the recent development? 
Manish Dawar: 
There is again big news flow which has started to come in last couple of days. Obviously, 
as these things happen, there is this whole WhatsApp campaign, which again tends to 
build up. 
Latika Chopra: 
And lastly, any incremental update on the Food Court partnership?  
Manish Dawar: 
We have incorporated the company which is between us and PVR. And you will see 
some business to start coming in from the last quarter of the current calendar year, which 
means October, November, December.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Ambit.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Three questions. Manish, I was asking in case of Pizza Hut, is it the launch of Melts along 
with the marketing campaign around that the immediate driver of the revival that you are 
trying, or there are other aspects also in the background that are happening to get the 
brand back to its early performance?  
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, we have launched Melts and the Thin N Crispy which is a new dough category. 
We are supporting it well with our new marketing campaign, and that is helping us.  

 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Maybe the SSSG numbers that you have reported still point to the overall weakness, but 
anything over the last few months that is pointing to the brand showing improvement or 
say these specific product launches helping you out?  
Manish Dawar: 
Sequentially the SSSG numbers are better. It's too early to kind of call out, but we are 
moving in the right direction. Pizza Hut has started moving in a positive direction. So, 
let's hope it continues.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
And until then, is there a thought on the number of stores you plan to open or that remains 
depending on how the performance goes?  
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, as we have mentioned earlier on Pizza Hut, we are approaching a little caution, in 
the current quarter the new store openings are relatively lesser versus what we used to 
do in the past. The whole objective is to make sure the brand comes back. We remain 
bullish on the pizza category as well as the brand.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
The second question was on KFC Thailand. During the acquisition, you mentioned that 
it's a three-player market in terms of you plus others. If I look at India and say experiences 
globally, there are a lot of places where there are two franchises that operate. Is it a 
possibility in the future where you are interested that you could acquire one of the 
franchises? Would that be a possibility just to think of from our side?  
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, there are multiple types of markets and YUM has all kinds of models. There are 
markets which are operated by single franchise partner, there are markets with dozens 
of franchise partners, and there are markets where one franchise partner is operating 
multiple countries. Therefore, that does not give us any trend that what could happen in 
Thailand. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Manish, just last bit on the PVR tie-up, I think PVR alluded to some kind of outlook in 
terms of the number of food courts you all are planning. Any sense from your side as to 
what will be the ballpark opening of the food courts you are trying for this year and next?  
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, it will be a similar number, because it's a joint business plan.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
As in like the clarification from your side because it was not very certain, that number 
was penciled out. It's obviously been three months and there is no clarity on it.  
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, you will start to see some of the food courts opening in Quarter 4 of the current 
calendar year. We want to experiment with the food courts and see how the JV is 
progressing. We want to test it before we go with the big bang expansion.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulation on a good margin performance. Manish, if we look at channel 
performance, KFC's off-premise channel has grown faster at about 19 odd percent while 
Pizza Hut has seen about 4% to 5% decline. What is the reason according to you for this 
different consumer behavior across Pizza Hut and KFC?  
Manish Dawar: 
If you look at KFC, our off-premises consumption was 41% in the current quarter, which 
has remained the same over the last three to four quarters. The off-premises 
consumption percentage has remained the same, however there is an improvement on 
account of higher ADS. The uptake you are seeing is coming from a higher ADS. 
Similarly, from a contribution perspective in terms of off-premise and on-premise, even 
Pizza Hut has remained the same around 55%-56%, with an improvement in the overall 
ADS. 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, you are saying last time around in Q1, off-premise was 37% for KFC which has 
moved to 41%. But over last three quarters, it is about 40%-41%. So, maybe lower base 
was there, right? Is that what you mean?  
Manish Dawar: 
Correct. And even Pizza Hut if you look at, in last four quarters it's been pretty much in 
the same zone 55%-56%.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
And second is on Costa Coffee. SSSG has sort of moderated this time around in Q1 
versus high single digit in past few quarters. Anything to call out here or is this some one-
off because of which the performance has been impacted?  
Manish Dawar: 
So, we are expanding on Costa and because of the aggressive store expansion we are 
seeing some impact. Also in the current quarter there were some one-off’s disruption in 
our food supplies, we are not seeing these numbers coming back.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Any call on the store openings for Costa or they are expected to continue?  
Manish Dawar: 
They are expected to continue. But again, Costa has a much more moderate target 
compared to KFC or Pizza Hut.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Third, book-keeping question. If I look at your overhead costs, they have largely 
remained stable sequentially this year versus a significant pickup last year. So, have we 
deferred our annual increments, etc?  
Manish Dawar: 
No, we have not deferred our annual increments, it was on time. We have been on time 
with our variable pays as well. So, that is not an issue. But we have initiated some cost 
saving measures and therefore we are trying to control the cost in the environment we 
are in.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock Broking.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So, first question is on Pizza Hut. I am looking at sequential number where your ADS 
has improved from 32,000 to 36,000. But we have not witnessed that kind of margin 
improvement at the store level EBITDA despite no material store addition during the 
quarter also. Can you explain that sir?  
Manish Dawar: 
Dhiraj, we have started investing back in marketing and are trying to get the brand back. 
We have invested in the innovation and the marketing campaign. These are the reasons, 
we can see better ADS numbers and not on the brand contribution side. As we go along, 
and once we have managed to re-establish the brand, the marketing cost will taper down 
and from there you will start to see the brand contribution improving. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And sir, if I go back in the history, let's say, two years, three years before where your 
average daily sales was somewhere around 38,000 and at that time you were making 
store level EBITDA margin of almost mid-teens type of numbers and currently, we are at 
mid-single digit. So, can we expect that once the ADS crosses 40,000 or 42,000 that 
double-digit EBITDA margin can be made in this Pizza Hut franchisee? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, at that level of ADS, we will be able to easily get into the double-digit margin. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And sir, another question on KFC. During this quarter, there was Navaratri festival which 
was there in April and also geopolitical tension which impacted KFC sales. Excluding 
number can you give us what kind of SSSG decline we would have witnessed during the 
quarter? 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Manish Dawar: 
Dhiraj, if this is a one-time event in a year, we would be happy to give you those numbers. 
In India, festival seasons, for example Navaratri, comes twice in a year. We are moving 
into Sawan or the month of Shravan, where people turn vegetarian, and it is not a festival 
season. So, there are multiple such occasions which pass around the full year, and it is 
difficult to measure by those blocks. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So, what I meant to ask is, like, if Navaratri was in April and then May and June was 
relatively much smoother month, the SSSG growth or decline during those two months 
versus April month would be materially different or not? 
Manish Dawar: 
It is not materially different, but it is different. Sawan time in North and in South behaves 
differently. Similarly whenever Navaratri’s are there and at the time of Kolkata Durga 
Puja, the sales actually go up. So, there are multiple variables which are there.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And sir, can you give your guidance on KFC store addition for the year? Pizza Hut, yes, 
we have maintained our conscious stance on store addition, but what are the 
expectations for KFC during the year?  
Manish Dawar: 
We are looking at 100 plus store count for KFC, for the full year.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And for Costa Coffee?  
Manish Dawar: 
Costa Coffee will be about 50-60 stores.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Marut Chaudhary, an individual investor.  
Marut Chaudhary: 
Sir as you have informed two quarter ago that if the Nigerian Naira goes below or above 
900 it will impact us positively or negatively. Last quarter we got impacted as it went up 
and this time also we got impacted as it went up 10%. So, at what level of the Nigerian 
Naira going up or down will result in gain or loss for us? 
Manish Dawar: 
Marut if currency depreciates continuously then we will keep on losing. And if the 
currency improves, then that stops. In the previous quarter Nigerian currency devalued 
by almost 32% versus dollar, whereas in this quarter, it is around 10% compared to last 
quarter, this quarter is a little better from a currency point of view. But, if the currency 
depreciates then there will be a loss. 
Marut Chaudhary: 
Can you give us a number that if it goes above 1600 we will be in loss and if it goes 
below 1500 we will not see that much of a devaluation? 
Manish Dawar: 
We will not be in loss below 1500 because we have already recognized up to that level, 
if it falls further we will make a loss and above that level we will not be in loss. 
Marut Chaudhary: 
What is that level sir, is it 1500? 
Manish Dawar: 
We cannot disclose that number. 
Marut Chaudhary: 
Sir Q3 seems to be a good quarter for QSRs, is there any such seasonality in Thailand 
as well? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, it is there in Thailand as well. Christmas and New Year season in Q3 is a good 
quarter for KFC in multiple parts of the world, and Thailand also sees the uptick of that. 
Similarly, in the summer season Thailand has a festival called ‘Songkran’ when it also 
does well. 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Marut Chaudhary: 
We are seeing an engagement in our JV with PVR so sir if you can tell us that we have 
had a JV with R. K. Associates what is happening on that side? How many stores have 
we opened and what you can see going forward? 
Manish Dawar: 
We have not opened any stores under the JV because there are some complications 
with respect to Railways bidding. Some stores which have opened are considered in the 
standalone financials in Devyani International. Although the business is coming in 
Devyani, the numbers in the JV will be seen once the basic things get sort out. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark.  
Tejash Shah: 
Just one question from my side. I was just looking for a reconciliation in two statements 
that you made on Pizza Hut margins. We said that despite higher ADS, the margins were 
under pressure because there was heightened marketing activity. And I think at some 
point you also said that brand was slightly under-invested or perhaps we wanted to add 
on the branding franchise. So, should we see this heightened activity as a normal spend 
so that brand doesn't suffer again in future and then we don't have to go through this 
volatility on brand franchise from the consumer perspective?  
Manish Dawar: 
Tejash, post-COVID there have been multiple exceptional situations. There was a strong 
inflation which led us to reduce the intensity on promotions and other activities. We had 
issues with our fun flavor pizza, there were multiple such issues which impacted the 
brand. We have corrected most of that now and are introducing new innovations to the 
market to build the brand back. We believe that this will not be a constant requirement. 
It's a matter about stabilizing the brand and with that we will see the margins coming 
back again.  
Tejash Shah: 
Can you elaborate on the nature of this spend? Is it like we actually increase ad spend 
or we support innovation with slightly lesser margin discounts? What exactly it entails?  
Manish Dawar: 
It's predominantly the ad spends across mass and digital media and the heightened one 
around the stores in terms of outdoor media. We have kind of tweaked promotions a little 
bit so that the consumers can get a good value when they walk into the store. And 
therefore, you would have seen that there is a small impact on the gross margin as well.  
Tejash Shah: 
And the last one on this, does the larger proportion of this heightened spend goes into 
food aggregator platform or is it equal between, among the two platforms?  
Manish Dawar: 
It's mainly on mass media.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to turn the conference over to the management 
for closing comments.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. Should 
you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the Company, please 
feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you once again for your interest 
and support and taking the time out to join us on this call. Look forward to interacting with 
you soon.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. 
The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level 
of accuracy. 
 
