 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited (Formerly known as “Gati Limited”) 
Registered Office: 4th Floor, B Wing, Allcargo House, CST Road, Kalina Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400098, Maharashtra, India 
Corporate Office: Western Pearl, 4th Floor, Survey No. 13(p), Kondapur, Hyderabad, Rangareddy – 500084, Telangana, India 
E-mail: investor.services@allcargologistics.com Tel: 022 66798100 
CIN: L63011MH1995PLC420155 | Website: www.gati.com  
 
 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Tel:   022 - 2272 1233 / 34 
Fax:  022 - 2272 2131 / 1072/ 2037 / 2061 / 41 
 
Scrip Code: 532345 
ISIN No.: INE152B01027 
Re.: Allcargo Gati Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai – 400 051 
Tel:     022 - 2659 8235 / 36 / 452 
Fax:    022 - 2659 8237/ 38 
 
Symbol : ACLGATI 
ISIN No.: INE152B01027 
Re.: Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investor Meetings/ Earnings Call under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).  
 
Reference the captioned subject, this is further to our letter dated July 31, 2024 and August 05, 
2024, with respect to the Q1FY25 Earnings Con-Call with respect to the Unaudited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the First Quarter of the Financial Year 
2024-25 ended on June 30, 2024. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.gati.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Gati Limited 
(Formerly known as “Gati Limited”) 
 
 
 
T.S. Maharani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: F8069 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
SHANTHAVAD
HAN 
MAHARANI 
THIRUVELLUR
Digitally signed by 
SHANTHAVADHAN 
MAHARANI 
THIRUVELLUR 
Date: 2024.08.09 
17:46:34 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Gati Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call”  
August 05, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHAW SARKARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GESCPL 
MR. ANISH MATHEW – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO GATI LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAINAM SHAH – EQUIRUS SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allcargo Gati Limited Q1 FY'25 Conference 
Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Jainam Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Allcargo Gati Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Pirojshaw Sarkari, MD and CEO; 
and Mr. Anish Mathew, CFO. 
 
I hope everyone had a chance to view the financial results and investor presentation, which was 
recently posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. We will begin the call with 
opening remarks from the management followed by an open forum for Q&A. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectation of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pirojshaw Sarkari. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to everyone on our quarter 1 
FY'25 earnings conference call. We have uploaded our results and earnings presentation on the 
stock exchange and company's website, and I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through 
the same. As mentioned, along with me, I have Mr. Anish Mathew, the Chief Financial Officer 
of Allcargo Gati Limited, and our Investor Relations team. 
 
I will now share an overview of the economy, industry and business, after which, will hand over 
the call to Anish to discuss the financial performance of the company for the quarter ended June 
'24. I will now throw some light on the global and Indian economy. The International Monetary 
Fund in its most recent update has maintained its projection of global growth to be at 3.2% in 
2024. It expects a marginal improvement in 2025 and projects the growth to be at 3.3%. While 
most risks to the shared outlook are balanced, some short-term risks, like increase in prices of 
commodity and services due to renewed trade and geopolitical events, still loom large. 
 
This has led to a persistent uncertainty around inflation outlook, which in turn has made central 
banks across major economies to stay more cautious about policy easing. Forecast for emerging 
markets has been revised upwards on the back of rebound in private consumption and increased 
exports. In order to maintain momentum for global growth, policy easing will have to be 
managed effectively. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
Projections for India continue to be buoyant. The IMF has raised its growth forecast for India to 
7% for financial year 2025, while for financial year 2026, it remains unchanged at 6.5%. This 
upward revision in growth forecast is believed to be on the back of improving private 
consumption, especially in the rural area. 
 
For financial year '23, '24, average monthly GST collections stood at INR1.68 lakh crores. For 
the first three months, April, May and June, of the financial year '24, '25, the GST collections 
stood at INR2.1 lakh crores, INR1.73 lakh crores and INR1.74 lakh crores, respectively. This 
surge in GST collections reflects the positive economic trend for the country. 
 
Coming to the company. I would like to start by introducing the new Deputy Managing Director 
for Gati Express and Supply Chain Private Limited, Mr. Ketan Kulkarni. He was appointed as 
the Chief Growth Officer for Allcargo Group earlier this year and now has been elevated. Ketan 
comes with three decades of experience spanning across multiple sectors, his last stint towards 
was with Blue Dart Express where he spent 17 years leading sustainable and strategic growth 
initiatives. With the induction of Ketan, we have further augmented our managerial strength. 
 
Another aspect that I would like to highlight is the cost optimization initiatives. We have 
reported enhanced profitability at the gross and operating levels to streamline the cost 
optimization. I will now share some highlights on the growth pillars of the Express business. On 
the technology front, I'm happy to share that we have launched the first module of our new 
technology. We have named it GATE, Gati Associate Tracking Engine. This monitors the 
movement of Gati associates, allowing real-time location and route sharing. This gives better 
visibility, thus enabling better customer service and better operating results. 
 
On the infrastructure front, we have successfully implemented Phase 1 of the infrastructure 
update. And as already mentioned, we will continue with our journey to modernize the same in 
order to be future ready. We now have Ahmedabad, Kolkata and Pune, which we will start from 
this quarter. We will keep you posted on the development and time lines for each of those. 
 
On the sales acceleration, our efforts on sales initiatives have ensured consistent volume growth 
for the company. We are closely monitoring the customer churn. The sales team is working with 
data science team to analyze and improve customer connect by regulated connect. 
 
On the operations front, I would like to share our key performance indicators for the quarter 
ended June 2024. Our PIFOT, DIFOT and delivery efficiency stood at 90.5%, 84.4% and 90.4%, 
respectively. Other initiatives like timely and direct departures are continuously being 
monitored, while taking corrective measures whenever needed. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Anish Mathew, our CFO, for financial 
highlights for quarter 1 FY'25. Over to you, Anish. 
Anish Mathew: 
Thank you, Phil. Good afternoon, everyone, and very warm welcome to our Q1 FY'25 earnings 
call. I'll take you through the highlights of financial results for the first quarter of financial year 
2025. To start with, I am happy to share that as on June 30, 2024, the company is debt-free with 
a net cash positive of INR196 crores after a successful QIP of INR169 crores. I would like to 
start with the highlights of our Express business first. Total tonnage handled for Q1 FY'25 stood 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 4 of 13 
 
at 300,000 metric tons as compared back to 306,000 tons for Q4 FY'24 and 292,000 tons for Q1 
FY'24. 
 
Revenue from Express business stood at INR358 crores as compared to INR355 crores for Q4 
FY'24 and INR367 crores for Q1 FY'24. Corresponding gross margin has improved by 100 basis 
points and stands at 27 percentage for Q1 FY'25 as compared to 26 percentage for the quarter 
ended March 2024. 
 
EBITDA for the Express business stood at INR20 crores in Q1 FY'25 as against INR15 crores 
in Q4 FY'24, representing a growth of 33 percentage. Our sustained efforts on cost optimization 
has translated into this growth in EBITDA. The endeavor is to continue with our efforts going 
forward as well and look to maximize profitability. Plan mix for the quarter ended June 2024 for 
KEA, SME and retail stood at 63 percentage, 19 percentage and 18 percentage, respectively.  
On a consolidated basis, the company has reported a revenue of INR408 crores for Q1 FY'25 as 
against INR406 crores in the previous quarter and INR426 crores during the same quarter last 
year. EBITDA margin for Q1 FY'25 stood at 5 percentage as against 3 percentage during Q4 '24 
and 4 percentage in Q1 FY'24. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of from Rushabh from RBSA Investment Managers. 
Rushabh: 
Sir, we have seen a 1% improvement in gross margins for the first quarter, quarter-on-quarter. 
So is it reasonable to expect that we're, by the end of, say, FY'25, able to improve gross margins 
1% every quarter given the cost reduction initiatives that we're targeting in this year? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So as I said in my last quarter also, we have clearly identified that the gross margin expansion 
will happen mainly through cost reduction. We are already on that path. We have substantially 
reduced our operating cost as well as our S&OP, and we will continue to do that. 
 
We are also looking at changing the mix of our large customers to our SME and retail. We have 
managed to make a change, and we'll further make a change. And the combination of these will 
definitely get us the expansion quarter-by-quarter on our gross margin. 
Rushabh: 
Sir, what is the aspirational customer mix between KEA accounts and SME, retail, say, 2, 3 
years down the line? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So our first benchmark is to bring 60-40, and then the aspirational is 55-45. 
Rushabh: 
And so what's the traction now currently post the strategic change that we did in January after 
hiring Mr. Uday Sharma? What is -- if you could share some broader strategy in terms of adding 
new franchisees or associates, how is the traction there? And what is the payback period for the 
new franchisees that we are adding? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So our business model is basically to keep growing our network, both from a service as well as 
from a penetration of customers in the Tier 1 & Tier II cities. And as and when we get substantial 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 5 of 13 
 
volume, we open up a franchise, so that it will enable us to service the customer well. And in 
turn, the franchise also starts selling. 
 
The return on investment is by both methodologies. One is by servicing the customer and, 
therefore, enhancing the business from various customers to that PIN code of new service as 
well as then looking at creating some business around that PIN code. It differs from PIN code to 
PIN code. There is no one real return on investment. But the fact that we open up a franchisee 
means that we have substantial volume that can get delivered there. 
Rushabh: 
Sir, we have been hovering around the 300 lakh -- 3 lakh metric tons volume range. So for FY'25, 
is it reasonable to expect that to grow at least 12% to 13% volumes in this year and the year after 
that as well? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
No. So we have put out that in this year, we would be looking at anywhere around 15% growth. 
We have now set our sales as well as operations. And therefore, with the season coming up this 
quarter, we are looking at ramping up the growth. And then for the next couple of quarters, it 
should be plus of 15%, 16%. 
Rushabh: 
Next couple of years, you mean or quarters, sir? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Years. 
Rushabh: 
Okay. And sir, we had a target of revenue of INR3,000 crores by FY'26 with 10% to 12% margin. 
So where does it stand today? Since also, I think, management change, how do you look at the 
company now? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So we will continue to grow this business. The profitability is very clearly the first target for us 
to get. Like I have said, we are looking at getting us to the 30-plus percent gross margin and 10-
plus percent EBITDA. And we strongly believe that we should achieve this by '26, '27. 
Rushabh: 
And sir, this INR3,000 crores target in this margin, is it without the Contract Logistics business? 
Will the merger happen by then? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
It is with the Contract Logistics business, yes. 
Rushabh: 
It is with, okay. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes. 
Rushabh: 
Because sir, I assume that the Contract Logistics is a very high margin, say, 35% -- 30%, 35% 
margin-plus. So achieving 10% to 12% should not be a challenge on a consolidated basis. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Correct. The only thing is it's a small business just now. So the proportion of the business is 
small compared to the Express business. 
Rushabh: 
Okay. Because our peers in the, say, four to five years, the pre-Ind AS margins that those guys 
are targeting is 14%, 15%. So in the long term, that should be the aspiration, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes, correct. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, my question is just sort of corporate restructuring part first. So how are you going ahead 
with that particular plan? By when it is expected to have the -- another entity like Allcargo 
Logistics and Allcargo ECU Limited? Is this on time in December this year? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So we have filed with the stock exchanges who have given their approval, and the file is SEBI. 
Post that, it will go to the NCLT. So we believe that the latest by first quarter of next year, we 
should get the merger done. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Got it. And sir, on the operational part. As you have said, there has been an 
expansion in the gross margin this particular quarter. However, how is the overall industry 
volume going on? Are we seeing any slowdown in the overall industry volume? Or is this quarter 
impact because of election? And if you see from next two to three years' perspective, how 
Express business is expected to pan out as compared to the overall market growth? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So I think if I were to answer your second question first, Express Logistics has a very, very large 
role to play once manufacturing comes into the country in a big way. A lot of the manufacturers 
who want to make it large would want inventories on wheel for their finished products and not 
really store them for a long period of time. 
 
So from that perspective, we believe that Express Logistics is going to play a very important 
role. And therefore, the growth of Express Logistics should be as manufacturing happens, it 
should be exponentially large in this country. 
 
Coming to the first quarter, yes, there were a couple of things. One is, of course, the election. 
Second is we did have some natural calamities in certain parts of the country. And therefore, 
volumes were subdued. 
 
But this quarter, July, August, September, as you know, is supposed to be the -- one of the largest 
quarters for the pre-festivities inventory. And therefore, we should see a very good second 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rushabh from RBSA Investment Manager. 
Rushabh: 
Sir, what we have been hearing in the market is one of the large players have been reducing 
prices to gain entry with new customers. So what is the assessment as far as the yields are 
concerned for the company? Have the yields stabilized? And also, we are targeting an intra 
versus interstate mix. So has that been corrected, so far? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So like I have been saying before, as far as the yield is concerned, the way we will improve our 
yield is by improving our mix and not by going to the customers because in India, logistics costs 
are still extremely high. And therefore, it is important for us to first optimize the costs rather 
than asking customers to pay more. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
We believe that the mix between zonal and the national play is continuously improving, and that 
will not affect really the yield, but the gross margin should get better because the costs -- direct 
costs are far lower in the case of zonal play rather than nationally. 
Rushabh: 
And sir, we have recently seen a fundraiser of around INR160 crores, INR170 crores. So does 
this cater to our growth strategy for the next two, three years? Would we not like to do fund raise 
another in the near term at least? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So we have done this for the growth strategy. As you know, the group has now got 4 separate 
listed entities, and each entity has its own management MD and should have its own funds. And 
therefore, we did a QIP by which we now have growth capital for ourselves, which we will 
invest in infrastructure, in technology as well as other processes, which we require. So yes, to 
answer your question, we have money for the next growth. 
Rushabh: 
And so you won't be requiring fundraising at least for the next three to four years. Is that what 
the understanding is? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So fundraising depends on the circumstance, right? It's not something that one can say no at all, 
too. It all depends on what is the opportunity, where is the opportunity and what is the fund 
requirement? So I cannot say no to that right now. 
Rushabh: 
Okay. And so we said that we're targeting a direct cost reduction of 5% in FY'25. But if you look 
at, say, FY'26, there will be more opportunities to reduce cost. This not the dead end for us for 
cost reduction initiatives? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Sorry, I did not get your question. 
Rushabh: 
I'm just saying we have targeted a cost reduction of 5% in FY'25 in terms of direct cost. So when 
I look at FY'26, there will be more initiatives to reduce cost as far as the company is concerned. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes, absolutely. So as you know, in our Express Logistics industry, the more the volume, the 
better the cost because the unit economics changes, right? So as we start increasing our volumes, 
the ability for us to reduce our cost per kg increases also. So definitely, it will be a continuous 
process and not a one-off only in '25. 
Rushabh: 
And sir, a lot of groundwork has happened, since the Allcargo Group took over. In the next, say, 
three to five years, can Gati be the number 2 player in the B2B Express space?  
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Absolutely. So clearly, we will measure ourselves by the growth that we do quarter-over-quarter, 
and that has to be beating the market growth. Only then can we become market leaders, and the 
group itself stands for market leadership. So that's the way we are driving our teams. 
Rushabh: 
And so they mentioned about employee headcount rationalization time and again. So is that 
exercise completely over? Or can we see some benefits on that front as well? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
No. As technology rolls in, we will see more benefits on that end. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Rushabh: 
Okay. So is there any timeline? You mentioned that first module has been launched. As and 
when the modules keep getting launched, how much benefit can we see in the P&L? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So I had last time also said that we have a very large compared to competition. If you see our 
below gross margin, S&OP for employee costs, it is as a percentage of sales larger than 
competition. This is basically because our technology is very old. So as the new technology rolls 
out, we have opportunity to reduce a large number of people from our S&OP cost. 
Rushabh: 
And sir, currently, in all the key accounts that you're currently catering, would we be in the top 
3 or top 2 vendors for most of our existing customers? Or is there still scope for improvement in 
existing key accounts as well? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
There is tremendous scope for improving our wallet share with the customer. Today, on an 
average, our wallet share is about 30% with the large customers. So we still have a good 
opportunity to increase our wallet share. 
Rushabh: 
And sir, just to understand, what will be the minimum and maximum revenue of our key account 
customers? Just to understand the customer, what classification comes in the key accounts? Is 
there a metric that you can share? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So the way we have set it up now is that all customers who are above INR20 lakhs of revenue 
annual are in key accounts. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sukriti from Laburnum Capital. 
Sukriti: 
This is Sukriti from Laburnum Capital. I have one question. I believe a lot of the B2C e-com 
players are adding PTL express as a vertical. We saw Delhivery do that with Spoton a few years 
ago, but a bunch of others seem to be adding B2B express as a vertical to better utilize the same 
B2C line, and the logic there is that it gives us a cost advantage on both the PTL Express as well 
as the B2C side. Are you seeing this space, at least the organized space, becoming a lot more 
competitive given that there are a number of new players in B2B express from the B2C side 
versus, let's say, 4, 5 years ago? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So thank you for asking this question. The number of players that you're talking about according 
to me is just two, first of all. I don't know more than two players. Having said that, B2B networks 
are very different from B2C networks, and it becomes extremely difficult if somebody has to 
start a B2B network today and make it a pan-India play. So while people have definitely realized 
that B2B is a more profitable business than B2C and, therefore, want to include B2B in their 
network, I think there is a huge barrier to entry for those who do not have an existing network. 
Sukriti: 
Sir, just to push back on this. The B2C network would be much larger. Am I -- as I understand, 
the B2B network would cover less number of PIN codes as opposed to a B2C network? So if 
you already have a B2C network and you want to piggyback your B2B network on top of that, 
aren't you just catering to a subset of your current PIN codes and you're not really building on 
something in -- you're not expanding on your current network? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So if you look at the loads that move in a B2C network, to cater to those loads, the kind of 
network that you build out and the last mile that you build out is very different than the network 
that you build out for B2B. 
 
A B2C truck today, a 30-footer truck carries anywhere between 3 to 4 tons of materials. And 
therefore, on the other side, you are catering to 3 to 4 tons of material. Whereas a B2B truck 
carries 10 to 11 tons of material in the same truck. 
 
And if you were to say that the network of a B2C can be used for B2B, that would be a disaster 
because the cost that you will incur to deliver B2B in a B2C network will be tremendous because 
B2B requires 4-wheeler capacity utilization, whereas B2C is mainly done on a 2-wheeler. 
Sukriti: 
Got it, got it. So there are no synergies as -- from what you are saying. This is a little different 
from what you would typically earn in a Delhivery call, though. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
It is very different. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jainam Shah. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, this question relates to the acquisition by the Allcargo. So basically, if we see 4 to 5 years 
ago Allcargo had acquired Gati, and there has been a clear path how to make it profitable going 
forward, as we are in between of that particular path, how are we seeing next 3 to 5 years turning 
out to be for Gati? 
 
And other question would be on the Contract Logistics business. As one small portion of 
GESCPL of Contract Logistics and Allcargo supply chain comes together, how are we working 
on that particular business growth? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So thank you for asking this question. It's been now almost 4 years that Allcargo acquired Gati. 
And while a lot of work has been done and we have literally cleaned up the balance sheet now, 
if you look at the balance sheet of Allcargo Gati, I think we are at an inflection point as far as 
the operations and sales is concerned. And the next 2 years, we'll see growth and profitability in 
this organization. 
 
As far as Contract Logistics is concerned, it was a niche business that got acquired again by 
Allcargo. And then post-acquisition, we expanded that business into nonchemical. So when we 
acquired the business, it was only a chemical warehousing company. And then we have now 
expanded it into areas of e-commerce, automotive and engineering. 
 
And I think it has been a phenomenal growth story in the Contract Logistics business. Although 
small, we are looking at this business growing at a CAGR of 30% in the next 3 years because 
the opportunity that is available in the market is huge. 
 
So basically, the reason why we have a scheme out there for merging these 2 businesses, because 
we believe that as manufacturing comes into the country, we will need a fulfillment logistics, 
and these large manufacturers will need one-point service providers who can give them both 
warehousing and distribution. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, if you look from the market share angle, of course, there has been, if you see, 
last four to five quarters, the growth has been muted across the major players in the industry. 
What would be the steps that you would be taking to gain the market share that was there maybe 
seven, eight years back? And maybe some infrastructure, maybe IT system that were not in place 
now coming in place, is it going to help us gain market share as well with the improving 
efficiency, delivery timing and all those things? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Absolutely. So that is why what we have shown as growth for the next two, three years is more 
than the industry. That's how we intend to increase our market share. We believe that we have 
got one of the deepest network in the country, and most of the growth will come from the Tier 
1, Tier 2 cities in this country. And that's where a network that Gati has will be able to capitalize 
upon that, too. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just contrast to what other companies were telling or they're reporting, there has 
been a stress in their margins, and a few of the cost structure for those companies are increasing. 
By any chance, because of the cost pressure at the industry level, we might t lose some margins 
against what we have expected. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
No. On the contrary, at Gati, we are concentrating on clearly quarter-over-quarter optimizing 
our costs. And we believe that there is huge opportunity for us to do so. And therefore, if deals 
being constant, if we can optimize our costs, our margins have to expand. 
 
Having said that, we also believe that a good mix of the SME and retail customer going up, as 
we have shown in this quarter over last quarter, that will also contribute to better gross margins 
and, therefore, better EBITDAs for the organization. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it. Sir, on this SME part, I would say that although there has been a branding that might 
attract the SME customers. So after the corporate restructuring, our name would be Allcargo 
Logistics. So what could be our plan? Are we going ahead with the Gati brand or we would be 
having Allcargo's brand only going forward maybe after one year or something? Or how would 
we be rebranding the entire business, most specifically for the SME customers to gain their 
reactions? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So our brand already is now Allcargo Gati. It is neither only Allcargo or Gati. It is Allcargo Gati. 
So we have the benefits of both one of the industry leaders at one time Gati and the current 
industry leader Allcargo putting together. The brand is Allcargo Gati. And I think with the 
induction of Ketan, who has been spearheading marketing for Blue Dart for the last more than a 
decade, we will see a lot more marketing happening out of the Allcargo Gati arena. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Gautam from Mauryan Capital. 
Gautam: 
Just a small clarification on what you mentioned earlier on the EBITDA margin. You said that 
the EBITDA margin guidance includes the Contract Logistics, and that would still make it 10%. 
Now I assume you are talking about 10% pre-Ind AS, right, because at the moment, on my 
numbers, at least from what I was seeing, in FY'24, pro forma for your merger with Contract 
Logistics, you are already at 10% pre-Ind AS EBITDA margin. So what you're saying is 10% 
pre-Ind AS, not post Ind AS? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I'm saying pre-IndAS. 
Gautam: 
Okay, okay. So that means a substantial margin improvement from today's levels, something 
like 5% to 6%. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes. Like I said, we have a Contract Logistics business, which is still substantially smaller than 
our Express Logistics business. So as we grow that, and we are very positive about that business 
growth, doing a CAGR of 30% over the next two, three years, that should give us a good margin 
for our businesses put together. And of course, we keep improving our Express margin growth. 
Gautam: 
No, it's just -- this is an important point because Contract Logistics being a 40% EBITDA margin 
business post-IndAS, but pre-IndAS it's only about 12%. So on a combined basis, you're talking 
about a pre-IndAS number. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ronald from Sharekhan Limited. 
Ronald: 
First question is, are we done with the old legacy issues with respect to key accounts? Because 
going ahead also, you will be rationalizing few accounts to improve the mix. So should there be 
a stability? Or can there be one or two quarters where these issues -- old legacy issues can come 
from? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So I can only say that 99%, it is over. I cannot say 100%. But yes, old legacies are over. You've 
seen the ECLM provisions reduced in the last 4 quarters from what it was 4 quarters back. That 
in itself gives the confidence that most of the old legacy issues are now over. 
Ronald: 
Great, sir. And secondly, if you can tell us, sir, what about the capex numbers, what you are 
expected to do over the next two to three years in terms of capex? And the funds, which would 
be utilized, how would they be utilized going ahead? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So we have set aside very clearly when we did our QIP also INR30 crores for technology and 
another INR40 crores for infrastructure, which means the size of the new hubs that we lease out 
as we move forward. And that basically is the capex investment that we would look at on the 
Allcargo Gati side of the business. 
Ronald: 
Okay. And this would be over the next two years, right? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
Two years. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jainam Shah. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, this question relates to the amalgamation that we would be having with Contract Logistics 
and our B2B Express business, so if you see few of our competitors as well that there will be an 
added advantage to have a transportation as well as warehousing business, under what umbrella? 
So how are we building on to the additional revenue we might get with these two businesses 
coming together? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So first of all, even today, as you know, the number of customers in Express Logistics is far, far 
more than the number of customers in Contract Logistics. So one is cross sales, which is 
basically taking the Contract Logistics customers to the Express customers who have the need 
for Contract Logistics. 
 
Number two is applying for the RFQs for both warehousing and distribution together and giving 
a single unit price to the customer, so that the customer clearly understands that there is a price 
per order for them rather than a separate price for warehousing and a separate price for 
distribution. 
 
And I think that is what the customer would be looking forward, too, so that they know exactly 
the cost of fulfilling an order from their side. So we believe that it will also make our Express 
business more sticky than what it is today because Contract Logistics generally gives you a 
longer term. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, I'm relatively new to the company, sir, why has our revenue been 
stagnant for the past five to six quarters? And similarly, our volumes, so you have guided 15% 
volume growth we can expect for this year. But why were they flat for the previous 5 to 6 
quarters? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
If you look at our volume, we have grown the last quarter by 9% in our volume. It's not been 
flat. Basically, there's volume growth, and we continue to grow as our infrastructure and our 
service improve. So that's one data point that I'd like to register. 
 
The other is, of course, now with the new focused sales team under the Chief Commercial 
Officer, Uday Sharma, who has joined the last three, four months from Spoton Delhivery, we 
believe that we'll get a better growth than we expected in the last one year. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, what the realization or the yield increase have you seen from the shift from the 
larger clients to SME and retail? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I did not get your question. Can you repeat it, please? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. Sir, what kind of yield or realization per ton increase have you seen from the shift from 
larger customers to the SME and the retail customers for FY'25 as well as the next year? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
We are hovering at an overall yield of about INR11.8. So we look to increasing it by INR0.10 
paisa for the next two years by changing the mix. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ravi Mehta from OneUp. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Yes. Sir, I couldn't catch the number you just said earlier, and then I'll just come to my question. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
I was saying that we are looking at increasing our yield by INR0.10 paisa year-on-year by 
changing the mix of large customer to small and retail customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Gati Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Ravi Mehta: 
Okay. And my question was actually pertaining to the mix. So we saw a mix change in this Q1 
on a sequential basis, but it was very similar on Y-o-Y basis. So is this a seasonality element and 
the key account mix will again go up in the coming quarters? Or was this a structural one? I just 
wanted some color on this. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So like I had said in my last quarter, post the induction of our Chief Commercial Officer, we 
have been concentrating on an inside sales for the small and SME customers. While we have not 
completely still done the inside sales setup, it has started in the first quarter. And we're very 
buoyant on the change that will come about because of that. So we'll continue to focus on inside 
sales to attract the smaller customers for us. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Okay, okay. So broadly, the mix you think would be similar to Q1 or maybe a little bit -- may 
still skew towards key accounts in this year? 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So we would be looking at ending the year with a mix of about 60-40. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari for closing comments. 
Pirojshaw Sarkari: 
So thank you, everyone. If you have any further questions, please do get back to our Investor 
Relations team. And we look forward to meeting you all in the next quarter. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
