ELIN   ELECTRONICS   LIMITHD
Regd. Offiice :  4771, BHAIRAT RAM ROAD, 23 DARYA GANJ, NEW DELHI-110 002
Website  :  www.elinindia.com             Tel.  :  91.1143000400    Fax  :  91-11-23289340
August 08, 2024
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange plaza, 5th F]oor,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra -Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol: ELIN
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
ISIN: INE050401020
Dear Sir"a'an,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on August 06, 2024.
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI uisting Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earnings conference call for the QIFY2025 held on Tuesday,
August 06, 2024.
The above information is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
Tlndng You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronics Limited
M. No.: A30540
ccoelinindia.com
Encl: As Above
EE©
ii5fyjty
Factories:-
C-142-143-144-144/I -144/2 Industrial Area, Site No. I , Bulandshahar Road, Ghaziabad -201009 (U.P.)
L-84, Vema Industrial Area, Electronic City, Vema, Goa -403722.
village: Beli Khol, Post: Manpura -174101, Teh: Nalagarh, District: Solan (Himachal Pradesh)
CIN : L29304DL1982PLC428372                   GSTIN: 09AAACE6449GIZ|

=£#"=
"Elin Electronics Limited Q 1 FY25 Earnings
Conference Call"
August 06, 2024
M FINANCIAL
MANAGEMHNT:   MR. KAMAL SETHIA -MANAGING DIRECTOR, HLIN
EILECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. SANJEEV SETHIA - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,
HLIN ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. PRAVIEN TANDON - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
ELIN ELECTRONICS LIMITHD
MR. AKASH SETHIA -HEAD (STRATEGY), HLIN
ELECTRONICS LIMITHD
MODERATOR:      MR. BHAVANI SHANRAR KUMAWAT -JM FINANCIALS
INSTITUTI0NAI, SECURITIES
Page 1  of 16

EE
Moderator:
Bhavani S Kumawat:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Elin Electronics Limited Q I FY25 Earnings
hosted by JM Financial.
As  a  reminder,  all  participant  lines  will  be  in  the  listen-only  mode  and  there  will  be  an
opportunity  for  you  to  ask  questions  after the presentation  concludes.  Should  you  need  an
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "" then "0" on your
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavani Shankar Kumawat from JM Financial. Thank
you and over to you, sir.
Yes.  Thank you  so  much.  Good evening,  everyone.  On behalf of JM  Financial  hstitutional
Securities, I welcome you all to Elin Electronics QI FY25 Earning Conference Call.
Today, we have with us management represented by I\dr. Kamal Sethia - Managing Director,
Mr. Sanjeev Sethia -Whole-time Director, Mr. Praveen Tandon -Chief Executive Officer and
hdr. Akash Sethia -Head of Strategy.
Without taking much of your time. I would now like to hand over the floor to the management
for the opening remarks, post which will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you
sir.
Thank you very much, Mr. Bhavani Shankar. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen,
A Warm Welcome to Elin Electronics Limited's  QI  FY25 Earnings  Conference Call. This is
Sanjeev Sethia - Whole-Time Director at Elin. And we also have on call today, our Managing
Director - M. Kamal Sethia, M. Akash Sethia, who looks at Strategy, and our CEO - Mr.
Praveen Tandon. Thank you very much for joining our Call for the Ql year-ended March '25.
Coming to our overall performance for the Quarter:
Consolidated revenues for the Quarter was Rs.2,936 million against Rs.2,538 million in the same
period last year, up by  15.6% on a year-on-year basis, on a quarter-on-quarter basis it was up
from INR2,778 million by 5.6%.
Gross margins have come in at 24.4% for the quater as opposed to 24.3% in the same period
last quarter.
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was  Rs.133  million against Rs.98  million in the same
period  last  year.  EBITDA  has  been  impacted  by  a  sharp  increase  in  price  of copper  and
aluminum in the January 2024. Depending on the customer contracts, this will be recovered in
the coming months or a quarter. We also had a higher employee costs on account of annual wage
Page 2 of 16
EEE=anEE==H
rt!6W 8€,,:

=f**=
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
revisions and some senior hires which we have made during the quarter. Consolidated PAT for
the quarter was Rs.59 million against Rs.38 million in the sanie period last year. Our liquidity
position  remains  strong with  net  cash an  equivalent  of INR823  million  as  at June  '24.  Our
CAPEX in QI  FY25  was Rs.35 million. This is  largely on account of additions of tools  and
molds which are necessary for new product addition and which will contribute to growth in the
coming years. Our working capital cycle as at June '24 is net 64 days against 68 days last year.
Now, I would like to share with you the performance in each of our businesses:
Please refer to Slide #5 of the presentation, In lightings, fans and switches segment, the revenue
for the quarter was INR894 million against INR832 million in the same quarter last year. This
was primarily driven by increase in revenue from led lighting by Rs.38 million and fans by Rs.22
million.
LED lighting exclusive of flashlights continues to face price erosions.  Volumes thouch have
been steady.  On the matter of exclusivity which signify, we are in discussions with potential
customers, and we expect to add non-signify lighting customers within FY25 itself.
In terms of new segments in lighting:
We are seeing that there is a strong trend in professional lighting of shifting to linear lichting.
This is a segment which we intend to get into in the coming quarter.
Regarding our fan business, we have seen the revenues from our TPW fan business ramping up
well. We also have an addition of a major customer where we expect to kick off production by
October of this year, which will further ramp up our fan business.
We have also launched five new categories of ceiling fans where we expect revenues to start
contributing from October, November of this year. Hence our overall fan business looks pretty
promising.
We will  also be starting export of a category of fresh air fans to U.S.  market. We expect the
production in this category to stan from November this year. So, our overall fan business going
forward looks pretty promising.
Please refer to Slide #6 of the presentation. In the small appliance segment, revenues increased
from Rs.527 million last quarter to Rs.636 million this quarter. This was driven by an increase
in both kitchen and home care revenues by Rs.59 million and in personal care by Rs.52. Barring
seasonality, we expect strong growth in small appliances  over the  course of the next several
qu.arters.
Page 3 of 16

=€#"=
Moderator:
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
Launch of OFR heaters in QI FY25, trimmers BT1000 in Q2 FY25 and OTG and Kettle in Q4
FY25 are some of the new products which we hope to hit the market with. Expect meaningful
contributions to revenue from these four categories in FY26.
We have  also  won  mandate  in  irons  from  large  domestic  OEMs.  Working  on  gaining  new
customers in MG and personal care also.
Please refer to Slide #7 of the presentation. h the FHP motor segment, revenues were up from
Rs.541  million  to  Rs.656  million,  primarily  driven  by  increase  in  revenues  from  motor  of
consumer durables by INR 656 million and from sale of fan motors by INR44 million. We expect
strong growth for the remainder of the year on the back of scaling up of our ACU, ODU motor
in H2 of the year.
With our entry in the air-conditioning market segment,  we  are also  looking to foray into the
BLDC IDU and ODU category, which has a fairly large market potential. Status of new products
in pipeline is shared on Slide #10 of the presentation.
Overall,  Ql, FY'25 has been mixed for us, while the macro situation for consumer durables,
FMEG has shown green shoots of revival, we need to improve cost controls and strengthen our
processes to ensure operating leverage plays out for us. Over the past few months, we have also
made new senior hires in key positions, which will further drive our business growth.
For FY25, I would like to share our guidance. Revenues at around 1,165 to I,200 crores, working
capital days to come down from 67 days in March '24 to 40 days in March '25. Note that this is
without any change in commercial tens. On the back of improved demand, CAPEX outlook
for the year is INR35 to 40 crores. Note that this does not include any CAPEX on our Bhiwadi
plant. As always, we remain committed to drive value for our customers and shareholders alike.
With this, we conclude our opening remarks. We can now open the floor for any questions-and-
answers.
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we have our first
question from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead.
Sir, just wanted to understand what clientele will do we cater to and what are the products that
we have launched in Q4 FY24 and Q1? Precisely in FY24, what would be the revenue that will
be generating from this new product launches?
So, just in tens of our clientele, our business is primarily 828, so our clientele is all the leading
OEMs such as Signify, Bajaj or Sony, Phillips, Havells and so on and so forth. Just in terms of
your query on the new product launches, can you just repeat, it wasn't very clear?
Page 4 of 16

:€*+=
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
So,  in the previous  presentation we have  already  mentioned  that we have  launched a  lot of
products that are BLDC, TPW fans and all the products in FY24. What is the revenue meaningful
contribution that we expect in FY25 as this might start yielding results in this I assume?
I will just go one-by-one to your query. So, TPW fan specifically if I look at we are curently on
track for the full fiscal to do a volume of anywhere between 25,000 TPW fans on the lower side
per month,  on the higher side  35,000.  This will  see  a meaningful  increase  from November,
December  of this  year  where  we  are  adding  another  top  five  OEMs.  So,  from  November,
December these numbers should go up to 40,000 on the lower side, maybe 50,000, 55,000 per
month on the higiver side. This is approximately at a price point of Rs. I ,100 per unit. Hope that
clarifies your question.
Yes.  So, indeed it does for TPW, but I just wanted to confimi that we have launched a lot of
products  in FY24.  So, not just an individual but as  a whole, what can we expect from these
product launches?
Look,  the  point  is  that  we  have  a  lot  of product  launches,  some  of them  are  new  product
categories itself, some of them are new products within the existing categories. So, for example
when we launch a different model under a TPW category or a different model under a higher
end category, do you want to consider that also as new product launches? That's I amjust saying.
If you canjust give me your specific query, I can keep answering because otherwise it just might
get confusing for you.
I will get that question offline. That's not a concern. My other question was in the last call, you
did mention about you have updated your depreciation policy from single shift to double shift.
So, can you tell me what's the rationale behind it and are we running at that optimum capacity
or how is it?
So, the rationale behind updating our depreciation policy was to actually bring it in line with the
market. We were earlier depreciating, as an instance, molds over a useful life for 15-years. But
when we compare it to the market, the market benchmark was 10 years. So, therefore if you see
a depreciation,  there was  a one-time larger impact in Q4 last year where the number for the
quarter was 7.5 crores and for the subsequent quarter it's going to be more or less stable in the
range  of 5.5-6  crores  per quarter,  right?  So,  that's  in terms  of depreciation.  Just  in terms  of
capacity  utilization,  it  varies  aeross  categories.  So,  just  in  terms  of lighting,  our  capacity
utilization  has  been  steady;  it's  been  around  the  72%  to  75%  mark  without  getting  into
utilizations of different subcategories. But for instance, for various categories of appliances, we
are  still  running  below  optimal  utilization.  Depending  on  the  various  categories,  it  varies
between a range of 45% on the lower side to 65%. Hope that answers your question.
Page 5 of 16

=€#"=
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Darshil Pandya:
Praveen Tandon:
Moderator:
Sahil Doshi:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Sahil Doshi:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
Yes. And one last question on this, sir. What would be the EBITDA guidance for this year?, I
saw your guidance for EBITDA margins  for around 6% for this year.  So, are we on track to
achieve that?
Look, we are in the midst of doing a full exercise in terns of transforming the way our company
and process is run. Our hope was to avoid giving a specific guidance, but if you would like we
can woi.k with an EBITDA range of between 5.1% to 5.7% for the year. Please do view this in
the context of a lot of changes happening this year. We are making a lot of senior level hires this
year. So, that also has an immediate inpact on cost whereas the benefit typically plays out over
the next few quarters.
And Mr. Praveen Tandon we have brought him on the board.  So, how's things going on and
what's his view on this?
Hi,   good  afternoon.   Yes,   I've  been  here   for  around  three  months   as   CEO   and  lot  of
transfomations we  are understanding how the needs  of different  customers  and the  product
range where we have to play. Currently, we are working to increase our operational efficiencies
and  our  development  execution  timelines  to  meet  the  customer  requirements  for  the  new
products. As we are launching a lot of new products and many customers are getting in, so we
are curently working for transforming the experience and giving them the faster execution so
that they are able to launch the products on time.
The next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise. Please go ahead.
Just want to understand on the lighting side. We have seen some recovery. So, could you quantify
what's the volume growth? And also illustrate what is the price version we are seeing yet?
In terms of price erosion, say for the last quarter, we are seeing roughly about 3% to 4°/o price
erosion, and we experienced some good growth in March and April, so the numbers I think I've
already shared in terms of the last quarter around 38 million in terms of li8hting as compared to
the quarter.
Yes,  just  wanted  more  clarity  in  terms  of  the  volume  growth  because  I  don't  think  the
corresponding quarter number is there? And the second in terms of the outlook here in terms of
the momentum there, do we expect this momentum to continue at least with the same plan for
the rest of the year?
See,  look  in  terms  of volume  growth,  our  lighting,  business  encompasses  a variety  of sub-
categories, we do patterns, we do a range of downlights, we do some solar streetlights, we do a
whole host of professional lighting.  So,  I  an just giving you a consolidated kind of volume
growth for the entire category that came in at approximately 6.5% on g`¥£.¥tb_?``sis and then there
was some amount of pricing erosion. So, net-net, in rupee
Page 6 of 16
by Rs.38

==**=
Sanjeev Sethia:
Sahil Doshi:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Sahil Doshi:
frraxpori,b`:r\spective
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
million, this was the net impact. Now just coming to your separate query on how we see the
outlook for the year just in terms of lighting -
So, in terms of outlook for us, I think the main revenue growth in lighting of course is going to
come by the addition of new customers, which we have explained in the call that we expect to
add some new non-signify lighting customers. So, maybe overall lighting is still because of the
price erosion, I think overall maybe the industry is not growing very fast but what we do expect
is based on our quality of products and all that, we should be able to add customers and eat away
share of business of other suppliers. That's how we look at lighting business going forward and
we are fairly confldent that we should be able to add volume by adding new customers.
Just on the other categories, one on the fan side, the growth in the TPW is very encouraging. On
the BLDC side, I think it's something where we don't really yet have a major client. Just wanted
to check, is there any positive moment`rm there?
So, TPW, of course, is pretty encouraging for us also and like I mentioned in the call that we are
adding one more top five customer where we expect production to start from October of this
month.  So, definitely it's a very encouraging business  for us. As far as BLDC ceiling fans is
concerned, we have already started with one top five customers, where we expect the volume to
ramp up in the coming season, but at the same time, if you followed my call, we have introduced
five new categories of ceiling fan and out of which, two are BLDC ceiling fans. We were a little
late in launching this project. So, we did not get the full benefit of it in the last season, but the
response has been fairly encouraging and we expect that going forward from October, November
of this month, we will have the full season where the production should ramp up and I see these
numbers should also go up. And we are also actively engaging with other customers. We have
developed some more fans, which we will be in a position to offer to other customers. So, we
already have two established players for the BLDC categories. We have developed some more
BLDC fans which we can offer to other than these t`ro customers.  So, I think overall the fan
business like I said in my call, looks pretty promising for us and we should expect healthy growth
in this  category. Let me also add I think we are also very well positioned as  one of the  few
companies, let's say in the fan business right now, which has a fairly large scale of operations
not only in electronics, but electronics, mechanical and motors. So, we feel that we are a little
uniquely placed in the sense that we can do all these categories under one roof. Otherwise, most
of the competition ends up buying the electronics or the control from third-party, whereas we
have our o\un in-house development and manufacturing facility.  So,  I think in BLDC, it will
give  us  a head up  as we become larger player in the  fan category.  We entered fan business
somewhere around 3.5, 4 years back. So, not very old and established in this business right now,
but the future definitely looks promising,
Justontheappliancesside,Ithinkwewereexploringcertalnlarg:t,¢ogp\?*¥ityinT\mmersand
more. So, just wanted to check is there anything materializing th,#p,`fr
Page 7 of 16
N§w a;i:; .i!

=£#"=
Akash Sethia:
Sahil Doshi:
Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Vipraw Srivastava:
Akasli Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
also, meaning we saw a dip in this quarter, but are we seeing in the personal care segment outlook
to improve in the second half?
Yes,  sir.  So,  specifically  in terns  of trimmers,  the  way  I  would  explain  it is  there  are  two
categories. One is BTl 000 series which is the entry level model which we have been doing since
several quarters now.  So, volumes there have now kind of stabilized. We are yet, however, to
launch the BT3000  Series which is step  up  from the BT1000  series.  We expect commercial
launch  of that  in the  current  quarter,  so  Q2  where  we  are  sitting  currently in  the  month  of
September.  So,  probably  full  impact  of that should  be  seen  over  the  course  of Q3  and  Q4
typically takes a quarter or two to ramp up. Steady state we expect volumes of anywhere between
1  to  I.5 lakh pieces per month in the BT3000 series. This is at a price point of roughly Rs.375
to Rs.400 per unit.
Akash,  I think in the past you've illustrated that the ambition is to take our employee cost to
around 10% of sales, right, and we were expecting that we have enough ability of rationalizing
cost in our entire system. So, where do you see this materializing by when, at what level of sales
and how do we look at employee cost in absolute terns for the FY25 and '26?
A very fair question, Sahil. The way we are thinking about this is employee cost is kind of split
into two right broadly, there is the staff, the white collared people and then the labor where we
have to go for the staff. In terms of labor, the way to think about it is, we are working on various
low cost automation projects where we can introduce automation and drive efficiency.  Now,
these   are   small,   small   projects   spread  across   a  variety   of  applications,   right?   So,   for
implementing this, these series of projects typically we expect that it's going to take us at least
six months' time to implement it across the organization because there are various plants and
within each plant there are different sets of low-cost automations that we are looking at, right?
So, the full benefit in terms of labor reduction, you will only see probably in terms of FY26
numbers. Just in terns of FY25, I think the number that you should work with is probably just
in terms of employee cost as a percentage of revenue is probably in the range of 13.5% to 14%.
It's still high in our view, but also do keep in mind that this is also a year building out our team
in tens of, we have got in a CEO, and we have built a fully professional high quality team under
him. So, there is also that impact of cost that has come in. For FY26, we expect this number to
be in the 12.5% revenue kind of range.
The next question is from the line of vipraw Srivastava from Incred Research. Please go ahead.
I just wanted to understand that what kind of growth are you exhibiting for this year? I mean,
you were supposed to give guidance, right? Did I miss it?
So, we mentioned that the revenue that we are looking at is in the range of
for the year.
Page 8 of 1 6

EE
Vipraw Srivastava:
Akash Sethia:
Vipraw Srivastava:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Vipraw Srivastava:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
Secondly,  on the demand side,  so I mean just want to understand that in India as  far as the
premium, there was a concern like even if you take a let's say an AC, I mean AC companies are
doing quite well, whereas on the other hand, small appliances, mixer grinder and iron and all
this  lighting  are not doing that well.  So,  based like what's the ground is telling,  why  is  that
dichotomy here, why is that thing premium is growing but this is not, is it that in some time it
will grow or what do you see in this space?
So,  look,  your  question  is  absolutely  correct.  Now,  the  way  I  would  like to  answer  it is  in
probably two points. One is AC is I mean the kind of weather that we have experienced over the
immediate last summer especially in North India has been like extremely hot kind of weather.
So, therefore AC companies have done really well. Now, I would put this down not only to just
premium consumption doing well, but also in terms of a necessity which has been caused by
weather conditions, right. But I fully agree with you on your point in terms of there being still
some amount of weakness in tens of the small domestic appliances space. We mentioned that
our capacity utilization also especially in the domestic appliances categories continues to remain
lesser than optimal. We are working to expand our utilization levels by connecting with newer
customers by launching newer, models of products and our understanding is that where we are
in our conversations with customers, we should see pretty healthy growth over the course of the
next quarters. In fact in our guidance the maximum kind of growth that we are seeing is also in
the domestic appliances space. So, we do expect that maybe by Q4 of this year utilization level
should be able to improve substantially than where it is today.
Last question is on the BLDC fans part. I meanjust wanted to understand from a technical point
of view, any slowdown in the ramp up for BLDC fans. So, is there a technical barrier to entry
there, which I mean it takes tine to evolve or is it that you just got laid and then acquired new
clients or is there some technical expertise required which Elin didn't have and that's why we got
late? So, just wanted to understand the reason behind that?
Voice was not the clearest, but the last point was, was there a question in terms of the technical
expertise or-?
Yes, I want to understand for the BLDC fans is the technical expertise required, which is a barrier
to entry or it's just that what's your view on that, why did we didn't ramp up as quickly in the
BLDC fans?
So, there is no technical shortcoming.  It's basically because we had launched BLDC fans last
season. The range was limited and our prime customer itself is a little new entrant in the market.
This season we have supplemented the range with another two categories of BLDC fans which
have been very well received. Like I explained, the launch was a little delayed towards mid or
the peak of the season,  so we could not get the entire manufacturing bandwidth.  But coming
season, it's very promising because the initial feedback for
been very promising from the customers and the market in
Page 9 of 16
ave launched has
omer itself

=£#"=
Moderator:
Manas Thakkar:
Abash Sethia:
Manas Thakkar:
Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Drashti:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
also has a very aggressive expansion plan, investment plan, in terms of sales and marketing to
increase their market share of ceiling fans as a category and especially BLDC.  So, I think, I
mean, there's no constraint with respect to technology or manufacturing experience or capacities.
We  expect  fairly good  growth  in the  BLDC  and ceiling  fan category  in the  coming season
starting October or mid-October to November.
We have our next question from the line of Manas Thakkar, an individual investor. Please go
ahead.
Sir, in last quarter's call, you had given the guidance of around 7.5% to 80/a of EBITDA margin
to be achieved in Financial Year `25, maybe, but this time I think you told of around 5.1% to
5.5%. So, like there is a big gap in between. So, what was the specific reason for that?
No, no. We had mentioned that the EBITDA guidance is going to be 7.5% for '25-26. So, maybe
there was a miscommunication or communication gap. We still stand by that. We mentioned that
this is a year of transformation with the entire new team coming under led by Praveen ji and
under him. So, '24-25 we are saying EBITDA margins while improving from '24 will still remain
muted and a little bit under pressure. But for '25-26, which is next year, we maintain that we will
get back to our historical margins which could range anywhere 7.5% medium kind of number.
How many SKU units you have?
I don't know the exact specific number, but if you look at the company as a whole it'll be more
than 1'000.
We have our next question from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise. Please go ahead.
Sir, I wanted to understand what is the further development on AC ODU Motors? I believe we
have launched that in March and we were waiting for initial customer feedback. So, have we got
any feedback in what are our internal timelines to start the production for this product?
We have already started production and sales are going on as we speak. and our projection for
this  coming year that means  when  air conditioning production  starts  from  let's  say  October,
November of the month, we will be projecting pretty healthy growth in this category and we will
be  adding multiple  customers.  So,  it's  a good addition for us  and this coming season  for air
conditioning as you know, I mean especially this season, air conditioning has seen a major boom
and  we  expect  similar  growth.  So,  fairly  healthy  numbers  for AC  ODU  motor.  And  like  I
mentioned  in our  call  with  good response  in the  AC  ODU  category,  we  are  very bullish  in
entering the BLDC IDU and ODU category as well.  So, that is another motor category which
we see should further help us driving the growth of the motor busines+`s],.in=the` coming year.
`,,I.,:``t,k.,is`.:;:i\`"
Page 10 of 16

=:#"=
Drashti: :
Sanjeev Sethia:
Drashti: :
Sanjeev Sethia:
Drashti::
Sanjeev Sethia:
Drashti::
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
Sir, you mentioned that we have already started production. So, like how many customers have
we added and how many further customer additions are we expecting in this entire year?
Currently, we have onboarded three major customers and we expect to add another three in the
coming season.
Sir, on the chimney launch which we are expecting this year, so are we currently working on
any prototype  from our client?  So, we  already supply motors to Faber.  So,  is  it that we  are
working on the product development with them and that's why we are expecting revenue growth
to be  very  strong  in  FY26  or first,  we  will  develop  the  product  and then  we  will  start the
marketing, how is this is going to happen?
If you look at the chimney category overall in India, there has been a lot of localization in terms
of manufacturing of chimneys as India has really increased in the last year, year and a half, since
revisions of the import duty maybe not this budget but the one before it, So, our overall chimney
motor numbers have seen a very healthy growth and with BIS coming in chimneys, there will
be further localization of chimney manufacture in India. So, that's a pretty healthy sign for us,
in  terms  of not  only  for  our  motor  chimney  motor  business,  but  further  manufacturing  of
chimneys  in India.  We have already worked on few prototypes which we have shown to our
customers. There are some OEM customers who are presently buying motors from us, who are
also  interested in buying chimneys  from us, because it's  a fairly bulky product, there can be
substantial savings we can offer to our customers, let's say, if a customer is based out of west
and we say, okay, you are north Indian market, chimneys can be developed by us, so we are
looking at that. And like I said, because of BIS in this category, a lot of manufacturing will shift
from  imports  from  China  to  the  local  manufacturing.  So,  it's  a  very  promising  category.
Currently, we are in the prototype stage in terms of showing the chimneys and looking forward
to launching the product.
So, if you could just help me understand that there is already one contract manufacturer in the
chimney space, quite large -
One large one and there are numerous small ones.
Correct, correct. So, how does this typically work? Is it the design that is given more importance
or is it the price point that we try to compete with the other contract manufacturers, if you could
help me understand?
India is generally a very price-sensitive market. Of course, quality is a must in terms of the kind
of OEM work we work with. It's of any price-sensitive market. So, price is going to be one of
the major driving factors. But I will say it's not the only factor. The quality, the look, feel of the
product,  lot  of chimneys  coming  in  from  China,  where  the  prodi
advanced.  So, the look, feel finish has to be of what products whic
Page 11  of 16
are  fairly

EE
Drashti::
Sanjeev Sethia:
Moderator:
Nitin Gandhi:
Moderator:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
China. And at the same time, the quality and price is also very important. What I would like to
say in this situation is if you look at our overall infrastructure, I think we are one of the few
companies which is very well suitable to be able to manufacture and market and sell this product
is because we are already the largest chimney motor manufacturer in the country.  We have a
very good sheet metal manufacturing facility and we also have the electronics for the control of
the chimneys. So, I think this manufacturing strength gives us the opportunity to not only put
out a very high-quality product, but at a very attractive price. So, I think we are very well suited
to take advantage of this boom in the chimney market.
Sir, also in the mixer grinder category, now we have seen stabilization for two quarters and the
demand picking up in this category. So, is it that the real estate uptick which has been happening
in the country for like almost two years now, is now translating into now people shifting to their
homes and that's why again, we are seeing boom in the consumer durable category, so what are
your readings on this?
The mixer grinder category has been in a bit of a turbulence for the last two years after COVID.
Lot of new players have  come  in and a lot of old players are phasing out also.  So, now the
uniqueness what we have is the in-house manufacturing of our motor, which is being supplied
to almost 40 to 50 customers, and now with the new models of mixer grinders. So, that we are
developing new models as ODM products and placing them in front of our customers. So, in the
last, let's say, six months or so, we have had the two new ODM mixer grinders, which have been
picked up by our customers and now we are working on developing more and more of them,
keeping in mind the e-commerce guys who want to white label their appliances and especially
mixer grinder is market size is larger than the other appliances. So, going forward, yes, we have
to work a bit more on developing the models in a faster pace. And since we are making these
mixer  grinders  for the  last 40-50  years,  so  we  have  this  unique  advantage  of acquiring  the
customers.  One of the largest multinational customers is already working with us. They have
been buying these models from us and they are also working on new models which have been
given to us to manufacture. The launch was supposed to happen this month, but there have been
some teething troubles had come in. So, the coming month, maybe August, we will be doing the
pilot mass production for them.  So, mixer grinder of course the churning is there at the brand
level, but manufacturing levels now the market is coming back to pre-COVID levels.  So, we
hope that, yes, we will be able to transfom this into a much bigger business than what we are in
today.
We have our next question from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest Advisors. Please go
ahead.
Regarding CAPEX, what is it yet to spend existing CWIP of almost 13.5 crores and what will
be the expected -
Voice is not clear.
Page 12 of 16
N©w B£!;ii

=£#"=
Nitin Gandhi:
Akash Sethia:
Nitin Gandhi:
Akash Sethia:
Nitin Gandhi:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
So, CAPEX spend at Ql  is 3.5 crores and CWIP is almost  14 crores we can say.  What is the
amount yet to be spent, when are they going in production and what are likely asset turnover and
what is the existing capacities of peak revenue potential, if you can share it will be helpful?
Look, just in terms of CAPEX outlook for the year, the outlook on an aggregate basis is in the
range of 35 to 40 crores, of which like you rightly pointed out, 3.5 crores is already spent and
put to use and 13 .5 crores or 14 crores is spent, but not put to use, so therefore standing in CWIP.
In tens of the asset turnover, if we currently look at our net block, it is approximately in the
range of 230-odd crores, and we are looking at a turnover of approximately 1,200-odd crores for
this year.  So, one can do the math and get to the asset turnover number.  Just in tens of the
aspirational asset turnover number, we feel that by next year we should be close to 4.5 tines.
This is on a net basis. Please note so net fixed assets into 4.5 times is the aspiration for next year.
Sony, did I answer your question, or did I miss just one part?
Peak revenue potential of existing.  And when you say net fixed assets into 4.5, how much is
going to get capitalized in this year?
So, this year I mentioned right in the range of INR 35 crores to INR 40 crores is going to be the
total CAPEX. In terms of peak revenue potential from existing plants barring the vacant plots
that we have the revenue potential is in the range of INR1,600 crores to INR 1,650 crores.
Now coming to the second question, the first quarter results have been good almost against the
INR 1,050 for the full year, almost from INR 250 crores you have moved to INR 290 crores, but
still your guidance for the whole year is conservative at INR 1,165 crores to INR I,200 crores.
Any specific reason? Because last year also you were doing quarter-on-quarter reasonably stable
or better. So, what could be the reason for overall guidance for the year bit lower?
We had a bit of seasonality that does  come  in,  so typically Ql  and  Q4  are high perfoming
quarters  if I may use that ten.  Q2  is  also good, but Q3  more  often than not because that is
immediately the quarter right after Diwali, rigivt.  So, typically there is some sor( of lull in that
season  for  appliances,  fans  and therefore  related motor  categories  also.  So, just taking  into
account seasonality point one. Point two, a lot of the growth that is coming in is coming in from
the new products that we are launching. Now, typically when we launch products, any launch
takes anywhere between one to two quarters to kind of ramp up and then it stabilizes.  So, say
we launch a product in Ql also we hit stable revenues for that product category typically in Q3.
So, one to two quarters from Q1, right. So, given that a lot of our product launches are coming
only in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 of this year, we mentioned about OFR, OTG, Kettles, AC ODUs in
some sense so on and so forth.  So, therefore it is only prudent to try and give you a picture in
terms of being as realistic as we see it, So, for this year, the number that we are looking at is in
this range, which is approximately a growth I think of 12% to
should be much, much better than this.
Page 13 of 16
15% over last ear, but next year
ltl9`.a\ji=`,:,+,l`
1i$6j3£

==#"=
Moderator:
Pratap Ma]iwa]:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Pratap Maliwal:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Akash Sethia:
Pratap Maliwal:
Akash Sethia:
Pratap Maliwal:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
The next question is from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mount Infra Finance. Please go ahead.
So, we called out that a fan segment, particularly the TPW fans is ranping up well and that you
are hoping to start by October and November this year for some customers. In the previous calls
also we had said that we are expecting some customers to start ramping up from Q3 onwards.
So, have we added some new customers this quarter with the same kind of business that we are
expecting the traction from?
Just  your  question  is  had  we  added  another  customer  where  we  said  that  we  expect  that
production to stan from October?
Yes, because in previous calls also we had said that in Q3 we are expecting a few customers to
start from fans. So, I just wanted to know is it the same book of work, is it a new customer that
we have added also?
It's a new customer which will get added on from.
New customer, I mean we are referring to the same customer that we referred to in our earlier
quarter. So, this is more of an update, but it is the same customer who is a top five OEMs for
which tooling is underway and we expect revenues to flow from Q3 of this year.
So, we have increased the order size or what is exactly the progress here?
So,  the  progress  is  that we  had updated that,  tooling  was  underway  then,  tooling  is  almost
complete now,  we  are under some more stages of testing,  and we  are defihitely going to be
launching in Q3. Numbers have risen but what we had anticipated, the quantum of increase is
only marginal.
And in the lighting segment, sorry if I missed it, but I believe that you called out that there's been
a trend in that there's been a shift from professional lighting to linear lighting. So, can you just
throw some more light on this, how would this affect, does it affect the pricing or what effect
this would have on us?
See, linear lighting is basically mostly office ligivting. You saw in earlier let's say it was mostly
dominated by what we call the topper 2/2 light fitting, two feet by two feet which was more
prevalent. Now, we see a trend towards these lights which are linear in the sense you can joint.
So, maybe you have one straight row of lighting which goes to 8 feet,12 feet. So, they are like
4-4 feet kind of lights which are joined together or a single light which becomes 8 feet, or they
are round or given some fancy profiles. So, basically these are all agreement of profiles which
are rolled by CNC machines to give interesting new dimensions and shape so to make the whole
office area and the ceiling design a little interesting. So, what we see from these conventional
2/2 kind of light fittings which were common in office, maybe certain
Page 14 of 16
differen
signs in 2/2,

=£#"=
Pratap Ma]iwal:
Sanjeev Sethja:
Pratap Maliwa]:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Darshil Pandya:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
but now the trend is  moving more and more towards these  fancy  lights which new kinds of
shapes and sizes which these architects or design consultant consultants are giving. Since these
are tailor-made to  fit to  a particular office locations  the margins  and the cost per product is
substantially higher than let's say a simple 2/2 kind of offlce light.  So, what we see is in this
category the top line also going up and the margins will be considerably better than a 2/2 kind
of a product which is which is filly commoditized now. So, that's what we are hinting at.
Just for my understanding, so are we present in this segment? Like in previous calls, we have
called out that we are present in patterns, downlighters, things like that. Do we have an offering
for this, or this is something new?
For us  this will be something new.  Cunently,  we  are not present in what we call  the linear
lighting or how it is known. Conventional industrial battery is also linear state, we are present
there, but how the industry refers to this as linear lichting we are not present in this category as
of now.
So, just going ahead, what kind of growth do we expect in our lighting segment, in particular, if
there's any kind of color you can give out on there because there's a lot of moving variables with
pricing and volume, etc., in this segment, any understanding you can provide?
What1hadmentionedinmycallearlieralso,weexpectgrowthinourlightingbusinessprimarily
to come with the new addition of customers which are looking at since the exclusivity contract
was discussed and renegotiated with Signify. So, we expect growth. Of course, by the time we
add these new customers, it will take us maybe another month or two and the revenues will start
flowing in maybe from December, January. So, probably for this fiscal year, we may be getting
a max of about a quarter. So, maybe the bigger impact of this addition of these customers will
be in FY26, but we still expect some marginal increment in the lighting business. Difficult right
now to quantify exactly what it will be, but I expect revenues  from these new customers to
significantly increase our lighting business in the coming fiscal,
Just for a clarification. The linear lighting may probably come in FY26.
We have a follow up question from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. Please go
ahead.
What is the CAPEX that we have spent over the last two to three years?
If you take a three-year view, it would be in the vicinity of 100-odd crones
And what are we willing to spend for next two years?
Page 15 of 16

==#*=
Akash Sethia:
Darshil Pandya:
Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Drashti::
Akash Sethia:
Drashti::
Praveen Tandon:
Drashti::
Praveen Tandon:
Moderator:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Moderator:
Elin Electronics Limited
August 06, 2024
Over the course of the next two years, we will be spending an aggregate of anywhere between
70 to 80 crores.
The second question would be on the interest cost for this year. If you can just tell us what were
the interest cost and what is the debt position as on date of the company?
We have net cash of 82 crores on our books. This is net of the debt we have. The debt also that
we have is more working capital in nature. There's no long-term. Just in terns of the interest
cost, I think the number for the  quarter was  1.7 crores.  This obviously does not include any
interest income. I mean, if you look at interest income and interest cost, then there is a net interest
income of about 45 or 50 lakhs for the quarter.
We have a last question from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise. Please go ahead.
I just wanted to ask that you gave a guidance of working capital reducing to 40 days, correct?
That's right.
So, if you can help us understand how is this 40 days going to come, because that's a drastic
change from 68 days to 40 days in one year, so if you could help us on this?
As I mentioned earlier, it's more related to the operational efficiencies. So, looking to the current
status how we operate in the supply chain so we are working on the inventories both in raw
material and import, we will be drastically improving the efficiencies in ordering to keeping the
buffer inventories.  Secondly, we are working with all vendors to improve the payment cycles.
So, net-to-net, the impact will have a better working capital cycle.
So, it will be in inventory and trade payables, right, both these areas is where we are seeing for
reduction?
We are not working on the customer payment cycle currently. We are assulning it to be the sane.
But to our vendors and the working inventories, it is more of a supply chain efficiency we are
working on. We are not reducing anything but improving the efficiencies and productivity at all.
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today and I would now like to hand
the conference over to the management for closing comments.
Thank you all forjoining this call and wish you all the best and going forward. So, I look forward
to another call by the end of next quarter. Thank you so much.
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference.  Thank you for joining us and you
may now disconnect your lines.
Page 16 of 16
