NIIT 
NIIT Limited 
: 
00HRI98IPLC107123 
com 
August 6, 2024 
The Manager 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 
- 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/analysts Call — Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2024 
Scrip Code: BSE — 500304; NSE — NIITLTD 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule 
Ill of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith Transcript of Investors/analysts Call organized on August 2, 2024 post declaration of 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company (Consolidated & Standalone) for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2024. 
The same is also available on our website i.e. www.niit.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For NIIT Limited 
Arpita Bisaria Malhotra 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a
ARPITA 
BISARIA 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by 
ARPITA BISARIA 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2024.08.06 
15:45:04 +05'30'

NIIT 
“NIIT Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 02, 2024 
NIIT 
= 
= 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RS PAWAR — CHAIRMAN 
MR. VIJAY THADANI — MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
VICE CHAIRMAN 
MR. PANKAJ JATHAR — CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SANJEEV BANSAL — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. KAPIL SAURABH — INVESTOR RELATIONS 
Page 1 0f12

NIIT 
Moderator: 
Vijay Thadani: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the NIIT Limited Q1 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Thadani, Managing Director and Vice Chairman 
of NIIT Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon to everyone who is able to join this call. First of all, 
I 
want to thank you for using your time to be with us this afternoon in the busy carnings season 
when you have multiple opportunities and truly appreciate your interest in NIIT Limited and 
also for all the encouragement and guidance you have provided in the past. 
The purpose of today's call is to discuss the quarter 1 results and also have a discussion and 
Q&A on that. 
T have on this call with me the Chairman of the company, Mr. RS Pawar; Mr. P. 
Rajendran, who is the Joint Managing Director; Mr. Sapnesh Lalla, who is Non-Executive 
Director now having led the company very successfully for the previous year; Mr. Kapil 
Saurabh, who s the Investor Relations; Sanjeev Bansal, who's the CFO; and other members 
from the finance function. 
Lalso have great pleasure in introducing a new person amidst us, and that is Mr. Pankaj Jathar, 
who joined us as the Chief Executive Officer on July 1, 2024. We are indeed very excited to 
have him join us at this very interesting juncture for the organization, and are looking forward 
to his leadership to take the company forward as we go through the exciting journey of the future. 
Just a few words on Pankaj. Pankaj is a forever NIITian. We never call NIITians ex-NIITians, 
we call them forever NIITians. And this is one such example of a forever NIITian coming back. 
And he's actually going one step beyond. He is, in fact, the GNIIT graduate. 
He started his association with NIIT as a student of NIIT, but then went on to do higher degrees 
and higher qualifications. He finished his Management from IIM Calcutta, and then he joined 
NIIT again as a fresher and spent the first two years of his working career with us. After which, 
he has been at multiple locations, which have enriched his career with very interesting 
experiences, all of which are very, very useful to NIIT. 
He brings significant experience and expertise in both enterprise as well as consumer go-to- 
market strategies. In his previous roles, he has been in various senior roles at Amazon India, 
including parts of the Amazon launch team in 2011, and then he went on to become the CEO of 
Prione and Amazon Venture. 
He's also been the country Head for Etsy India, very popular and famous e-commerce portal 
from United States. They had an India operation. He was the Country Head for that. He's been 
a solution architect at Accenture, and he's also done business development in the training 
industry when he was at Tata Interactive Systems. 
Page 2 0f 12

NIIT 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
So over the years, he has successfully set up and led the growth of Etsy's e-commerce platform. 
He created an expanded Amazon India sports category, built a high-performance business team 
at Cloudtail India and developed an efficient sales and service organization at Prione. He holds 
a Bachelor of Engineering from Pune University. And as I mentioned, an MBA from IIM 
Calcutta. What he's most proud of is GNIIT from NIIT. 
Atthe end of this call, 
I will ask him to say a few words. At this time, I think his few words will 
be just demonstrating his understanding of what the opportunity and challenges are ahead of 
him, but I'm sure he'll come up with a more specific plan as he starts discussing with us in the 
future calls. 
So moving to quarter 1 update. Revenue for Q1 was at INR825 million, which was up 32% year- 
on-year and up 11% quarter-on-quarter. 32% is also to be kept in mind, given that quarter 1 of 
last year was one of our lowest quarters in recent times, and that was when there was a hiring 
freeze in the IT services industry, which had a very, very large share in our overall revenue mix. 
So that actually caused quite a furore within the system. But I think NIIT Limited used all its 
resilience and agility to come together with the solution and with a bunch of pivots, which have 
helped us grow significantly. So this 32% is a testimony, in many ways, of the success of the 
pivots that we did. 
‘The EBITDA is near breakeven at negative INR2 million as compared to negative INR64 million 
last year. But that's actually coming out of the fact that while revenue has grown, the company 
still remains in the investment cycle and will actually remain so for the next few quarters as well. 
Net other income for the quarter was at INR15S million, which had a lion's share coming from 
the treasury income of INR123 million and INR36 million of miscellaneous income of interest 
and tax refunds etc. The PAT was at INR78 million, and this was also an increase over the same 
period last year when PAT was at INR22 million in quarter 
1 last year. EPS was INR0.6 per 
share versus INRO.2 per share. 
Now on revenue. This is the second successive quarter of our year-on-year growth. As you know, 
the business was impacted last year due to a virtual freeze in hiring by large IT services firms. 
Swift actions, a number of swift actions led to recovery in both technology programs as well as 
banking and other programs. 
These pivots included, for technology programs, a focus from Tier 1 SIS to Tier 2 GSIs because 
in this period, Tier 2 GSIs continue to hire as well as continued their investments in training 
their workforce. The second was increasing penetration in GCCs, which both have increased 
their spend as well as the number of GCCs have gone up. 
And third, given the hiring freeze, we focused on advanced technology skills for working 
professionals. This has resulted in actually creating a new line of advanced programs to equip 
digital architects to manage technology and technology services in the current time. These were 
some of the pivots for technology. For BFSI and other programs, the focus was on increased 
penetration in large private banks as well as broad base of offerings to the India enterprises. 
Page 3 0f 12

NIIT 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
Tn the India enterprises, the most significant part was a trust that we put on Generative AL And 
1 think the early actions that we took on understanding, assimilating and creating use cases of 
Generative Al actually opened doors for us, 
a large number of senior management of 
organizations willing to consider Generative AI as a method to make their organizations more 
efficient, more effective and create a better competitive or a stronger competitive position. 
So product mix. In product mix, our year-on-year revenue growth was contributed by continued 
volume and enrollment growth from BFSI and others, which went up 94% year-on-year; and 
technology programs, which wentup 13% year-on-year. At that time last year, 1 year back, BFSI 
was very small. And T think the pivot to increased penetration is visible in this statistic. 
Technology marks a return from the lower that we had reached to a substantial growth over the 
last 1 year. BFSI and others now represent 34% of our business versus 23% last year. 
What' also interesting to see s in technology, 25% growth in working professionals. Typically, 
NIIT was very well known for its contribution in training students with carly careers. But our 
focus on working professionals have also helped us in increasing the technology training for 
working professionals through advanced technology programs. 
In BFSL the Work Pro programs grew 125% over last year, and 74% growth was also seen in 
early careers. On margins, what I would like to say is that the company s in investment cycle 
and is continuing to make both capex and opex investments to drive growth. These include 
investments in launching new products, new channels, new marketing programs, adding more 
people and in improving the visibility of NIIT in the market. 
We launched new advanced technology programs, including specialized program for digital 
architects, aimed at senior technology leaders in GSIs and GCCs. We launched the pilot for a 
hybrid channel for learner acquisition and engagement. We invested in initiatives for improving 
visibility, which was Confluence, our Anmual Customer Conference conducted during the 
quarter, as well as Digital Architect Conclave, which got conducted in the first two weeks of this 
quarter, but efforts were on for a long time. 
In the previous quarter, we also initiated the CEO roundtables on enterprise adoption of 
Generative AL which were very well attended. We expect all these will contribute to scale our 
business with these customers across a wider set of scaling requirements. 
Given the large opportunities ahead of us, we are prioritizing these initiatives as well as 
continuing to invest in products, channels as well as new ways of accessing markets, and we are 
prioritizing and investing in these over near-term margins. While operating expenses led to this 
will hit our P&L in the short term, we believe that they will contribute to revenue growth over 
‘medium and long term. 
On the balance sheet, the balance sheet metrics remained strong. Our DSO was at 54 days as 
compared to 41 days last year and 46 days last quarter. Quarter-on-quarter change was primarily 
on account of increased billing as well as the impact of certain demerger-related issues. 
Page 4 0f 12

NIIT 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
Capex for the quarter was INR 110 million, which included content, an investment in a hybrid 
initiative, software licenses, platforms, etc. Net cash at the end of the quarter was at INR7,185 
million, which is the same as quarter 4. So despite investments made and despite very low 
EBITDA or actually a near breakeven performance, I think we were able to add cash or retain 
cash, thanks to the treasury. 
Headcount reduced 154 on a year-on-year basis and 
1 on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So this 
quarter versus last quarter, the headcount seems to have stabilized. Company has been focused 
on cost rationalization and conversion of costs from fixed to variable over the last 1 year, and 
this will be a practice that will continue. 
At the juncture we are at, we have the Tier 1 GSIs coming back, having seen green shoots and 
small announcements in return of hiring in GSIs. Our pivots of moving to Tier 2 GSIs, GCC and 
BFSIs have actually worked out very well for us. Generative Al - our experiments and offerings 
in enterprise segment with Generative AT have met with very encouraging response. Our new 
channels of customer acquisition have also given us decent results. 
Our new products and offerings are now ready, for example, the advanced technology program, 
more tracks in our consumer go-to-market, our whole digital architect program as well as a series 
of modular programs, which would help us access a larger share of the market. And we have a 
much higher visibility in the marketplace, including a program we recently launched with the 
HDFC Bank, the ACE Banker Program. 
All these are contributing to our visibility. And therefore, we feel it's the right time for us to 
press on the accelerator of investments and take advantage of the current environment in which 
due to lower IT hiring, a large number of graduates are looking for jobs, but they need higher- 
order skills for them to land themselves jobs, a very good opportunity. 
Second, the mayhem in the EdTech sector, where I think there is an opportunity available for all 
the market opening exercise that happened, but now they are not there to service them. The 
investments that we have made in products and channels, our readiness with induction of senior 
leadership team, weare excited with Pankaj Jathar as well as some other leaders who have joined 
us, are here to go strong on this journey. 
The Union Budget of the country also has pointed to opportunities for deep skilling the Indian 
youth to get them into better jobs and government offering incentives. Therefore, keeping these 
things in mind, we are increasing investments in market access. And considering our guidance 
that we had given before, while we remain committed to a quarter-on-quarter growth of similar 
levels that we expect, that we got us this quarter, that is about 10% thereabouts; we do believe 
that our investments will lead to higher operating expenses. 
And to that extent, therefore, our operating expenses may be exceeding our revenues by 2 to 3 
percentage - 200 to 300 basis points. And to that extent, I think these investments are the 
investments that we would like to talk about as well as we believe will be very, very useful for 
us to build an IT that we envisage of the future. 
Page 5 of 12

NIIT 
RS Pawar: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
So we look forward to a sequential growth of about 10% in Q2. And given the planned 
investments, we do have a low single-digit negative margin planned or visible at this point of 
time. We expect to go past this with acceleration that we expect from IT hiring, which will lead 
to acceleration. 
And therefore, in a full year, we do think we would make up for the small losses of the first 2 
quarters and be in a positive territory. And therefore, our full-year guidance for the year remains 
at INR380 to INR400 crores, as we had guided carlier, with a low single-digit margin for the 
whole year. 
I will stop here at this time and open it up for Q&A. And after that, we can discuss 
other matters as your questions will dictate. 
So with this, T ask the operator — request operator please open up for Q&A. 
I think while you are coming up with questions, I'll request Mr. Pawar to talk to us about 
Generative Al and how we are accessing the Indian enterprise space, while they are coming up. 
Okay. I think there isn’t a need to be mentioned that there’s a lot of excitement around the subject 
of Gen AL The technology in its primitive form or not-so-ready form has taken the world by 
storm. Everybody knows about Gen AL for sure, though everybody does not know Gen AL few 
people know it. 
So the excitement of Gen Al is getting conversations going, and there's a lot of curiosity for 
people figuring out what to do with it because that area is still something that's evolving. In our 
view, in many ways, Gen Al is a brand new thing, which can enable companies to improve in 
how they run themselves and how people work in a manner different from how IT does it. 
This s an important point to establish, because while the IT force would gradually get on 
to it, 
and they have concerns about previous data privacy, data security, which will get them to be 
mindful about how to deploy it in their ongoing operations; the opportunity for companies to 
start getting their people to engage with Al to improve how they work is the one that we are 
looking at as something where NIIT has to play a role. Historically, we have done that for IT. 
And now we're seeing that we are doing it for Gen AL 
So our conversation so far with leaders have given us positive feedback that companies, large 
companies want to see how they should embrace Gen AL And so our conversations, which we 
are now progressing and having larger and larger of them, are coming top down with large 
corporations. And we are, in a sense, proposing a road map for companics to embark on a journey 
with Gen AL which gets them to embrace Gen Al top down. 
So the program that we're currently running are short-term programs to get people started on 
Gen AL Needless to say, some companies have moved ahead on this, and we also expect that 
some of them want to take it more seriously. And therefore, the discovery of most the important 
phase in this field is use cases, what to do with it, where to apply Gen Al to get gains is a non- 
trivial problem. 
Page 6 0f 12

NIIT 
Vijay Thadani: 
Moderator: 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Vijay Thadani: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
So therefore, the second step of those organizations that are willing to engage themselves is to 
do workshops around use case discovery because that then leads to companies getting more 
serious about beginning the deployment of Gen AL first within controlled arenas, the guardrails 
ofthe data that are compromised, that incorrect conclusions are not made, and therefore, progress 
from use case to more use cases, to more use cases as they go deeper and deeper into 
implementation, which may take some time. 
So I've just given you the general approach and be happy to answer your questions. 
Do we have any questions now on the main case or what Mr. Pawar talked about? 
So we have our first question from the line of Kaushik Poddar from Capital Markets. 
Yes. See, you gave a projection of INR380 crores to INR400 crores turnover on the top line. So 
that means a growth of around 30%. Can you explain how you can achieve the 30% growth 
because that looks to be quite substantial? 
‘Well, I think in the first quarter, we did achieve 32%. In the next few quarters that we are talking 
about, we have an order book and commitments, which are reasonable. We are also secing the 
banking training requirements also increasing fairly substantially. And we have added new 
clients. 
Plus, our consumer go-to-market, especially on banking, has grown very fast and continues to 
remain so as well as we are now beginning to sec green shoots in technology. So all these are 
contributing to the projections that we have made. Of course, the fundamental assumption in this 
also is that in the second half, the hiring by technology services companies will increase as we 
go forward. 
And as we go in the second half for the last 2 quarters, can we sec even an operating margin of, 
say around, touching 10% also? Third quarter last year, you had achieved 9%. So can we go to 
double digit also? 
No, we are in an investment cycle. So let me say, the stable part of the business and stable parts 
of the activity do generate margins north of 15%. 
What is the stable part? What is the stable part? 
T'm sorry? 
Which you consider there's a stable part? 
Our enterprise which s currently running -, that s all working at 15% to 18% stable margin. 
The BFSI part, these are also working on good margins. The investment cycles are in growing 
them. And therefore, part of the profits that we make from them, we invest back in marketing 
and growing the market and take advantage of the current opportunity, as well as the technology 
part where we are continuing to increase our reach and coming up with newer products to make 
sure that we get a wider spread of audiences that come to NIIT program like they used to carlier. 
Page 7 0f 12

NIIT 
Moderator: 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Vijay Thadani: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
Our next question is from the line of Ganesh Shetty, who is an individual investor. 
Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, let me welcome Mr. Pankaj to NIIT Group. It must 
be a great journey for him from being a student of NIIT to CEO of NIIT. Going ahead, I just 
have one query. How this Union Budget may have a greater impact on our strategy going forward 
and getting into new areas or new sectors like supply chain management and manufacturing, 
which was there for a quite long time? We have been talking on that. Can I please know the 
progress regarding these sectors? 
So Union Budget is essentially, the way I read it, is I think my colleagues may also want to 
participate in this. They are basically looking at how do we increase employability. And in 
employability, in short, if organizations are constrained to employ a fresher, then they would 
like to offer incentives that people are able to get their first-time jobs. 
Typically, when first-time jobs, a person gets a job once, then with experience, the person has a 
better propensity of getting better jobs as they go forward. And the other issue is that as the 
government is investing in newer initiatives, for which the higher education is not preparing the 
students, take manufacturing, Industry 5.0; these are arcas where the formal education may not 
be keeping them with the most current skills, in which case, they would like these skills to come 
to them through internship programs as well as professional skills that they acquire after 
completing their formal degrees. 
And therefore, this whole internship plays as well as making sure that the initial part of their 
salary, to an extent, gets subsidized by the government in some forms, either by contributing in 
their PF fund or any other way, I think, are some of the initiatives. The government has also 
come up with a very strong National Credit Framework and are saying that a person acquires 
formal credentials by going to a school or a college or going through a professional skills 
institution. But the skills that they acquire on their job also need some credit. So they have set 
up Academic Bank of Credits, which was done before. 
But now if that can be worked, then your specialized work experience can also become eligible 
for credit. And once you accumulate credit, then that credit framework puts you at a certain 
position, which enables you to earn better salary, have better growth path. So all this is to 
promote employability. 
Start-ups is another one, where students have an opportunity to participate in the startup, who 
may not be able to afford them otherwise, but government subsidizing them will contribute to 
that. So these are some of the initiatives. Anybody around the table who would like to add more, 
please do so. 
And our approach as a company will be to study these and see how might our capabilities and 
our ambition and our aspiration and expertise be married and put in the same direction in which 
the government would like to take it. We think there will be opportunities for the company, but 
we would wait for the details for us to rectify them and go on a specific growth path or follow a 
certain strategy. 
Page 8 0f 12

NIIT 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Pankaj Jathar: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
Yes, sir. My second question is regarding the acquisition strategy in organic growth. Like last 
time, we have acquired RPS Consulting, which has helped us to build global Indian enterprise 
business to a quite successful extent. So now, in what respect we are looking for acquisition 
where we can increase our revenues and profitability? Can you please throw some light on this, 
sir? 
Yes. So I mentioned it, there is a mayhem in EdTech marketplace. And I think we have a lot of 
value destruction, which has taken place there. And to that extent, that also presents an 
opportunity to look at good assets that we can acquire. And we are very cautious with our 
shareholders’ money and would Like to make sure that it gets deployed appropriately. 
So we have a 3-pronged approach. We either look for a company which will add a new segment, 
which we are not addressing, have a new capability, which we are not addressing, and in this 
case, add a new part of the professional life of an individual, let's say, working professionals or 
carly carcers. And within that, in specific segments, these are the arcas that we are examining, 
which will add value to our capability set and our reach, thus reducing our time to market in 
certain ways. 
If any of these fits and we do not have an uphill climb of turning the company around by putting 
huge sums of capital, then those are the interesting ones that we look for, and look for interesting 
constructs by which we can insulate ourselves from the risks that company might be exposed to 
otherwise. 
So these are some of the considerations. We have an active funnel. We have been in discussion. 
There are a few that we spent quite fast and decided that the amount of risk that we were taking, 
because of their past liabilities, was far in excess of the value that we will get and we withdrew 
from those. 
Again, 
T wanted to hear something from our new CEO and how he plan 
to take NIIT to a new 
phase of growth by assisting our existing management. 
Okay. So maybe this is a good time for Pankaj to make his few statements. He's at a slight 
disadvantage today, he has a strep throat, but he will still make a valiant effort. 
Thanks, Vijay. And thanks, Ganesh, for the question. 'm 1 month into the system now, so very 
carly days for me to be making any specific comments on strategy and plans. But I would just 
like to kind of say that I'm very happy to see the kind of culture that NIIT has, the kind of 
commitment that people bring towards work, the passion that I see around every day. 
And in my conversations with some of the customers and employees across the board, what 
comes across is the strength of the brand, right? Its very clearly a very strong brand that has 
been built over the last 40 years, and it still endures. 
And what 
Lalso found very interesting was the industry connections that we have, right? We are 
able to connect with a lot of top leaders across different segments of industry and get a very 
Page 9 of 12

NIIT 
Moderator: 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Vijay Thadani: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
good understanding of the needs and requirements that industry has, which then has helped us 
to build solutions and also make quick changes in direction when needed. 
So all of those are fantastic strengths that I see within the organization. There are also some 
things that 
I would probably do different over the course of the next few quarters. But from a 
business point of view, I think Vijay has already given projections 
that we will stick with. Other 
than that, 
I look forward to speaking more to the investors over the next few quarters, and I'm 
sure we will have more interactions. 
The next question is from the line of Deepesh Lakhani from Dolat Capital. 
I just had a question. Can you provide you me more details on specific cost rationalization 
measures that you've implemented? And how will they contribute to improving margins and 
operational efficiency? 
Are you referring to what have we implemented in terms of cost rationalization? And how will 
it contribute? 
Yes, like around margin. 
Yes. So I think in cost rationalization, the first issue is of variabilization of direct people. And 
in that, T think what we are looking at is to have the key resources fully available with us. And 
the trainer pool that we access, we are trying to make sure that they are variable and yet available. 
And that is through an interesting compensation structure as well as the fact that there are larger 
needs that we have than the RPS and ourselves put together. 
The second is there is capacity in each partof our business. If we rationalize the capacity together 
or consolidate together, we can release some of that capacity in terms of, for example, being able 
to conduct training programs of a certain kind, which everybody uses. Third is in our own 
content development as well as delivery management methodologies, usage of AI and 
Generative Al to create interesting models, which make the training much more personalized 
for our students and yet allows us to deliver it at a lower cost. 
These are some of the examples I gave. Automation, of course, is a consistent issue because 
automation not only contributes to productivity, but 
it also contributes to agility in the 
organization. And at this point of time, it is also a very important requirement for derisking the 
enterprise from a number of regulatory changes which are taking place. 
So I think these are some of the examples that I gave. We can discuss more if you have any 
specific questions. 
Understood. Understood. Also just wanted to clarify on the guidance, which you provided, 30% 
top line. Is it organic? Or do you have any plans for acquisition in this year? 
At this point, well, we have plans for inorganic. But I can't bake them up in my projections 
because an inorganic activity, until it is signed, it is not there. And therefore, that will add to the 
Page 10 0f 12

NIIT 
Moderator: 
Uma: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Uma: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Uma: 
Vijay Thadani: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
run rate. There are outcomes of that activity at which we have been at on our last many quarters, 
looking for the suitable targets. As and when that happens, that will add to this. 
The next question is from the line of Uma from Florintree Advisors 
So in your previous comment, you mentioned that there are certain product categories where 
you have stable margins of 15% to 20%. Could you just elaborate on that and those product 
categories where you intend to improve your margins? 
Yeal, so product categories where people have stable margins, for example, RPS has large 
number of OEM partnerships and we offer programs along with the OEMs or our OEMs 
themselves as they service their customers. These would be stable-margin products because 
these are offerings which have decent margins, and they are stable. 
The second i our own products, which are older. For example, the full stack developer program, 
whetherit is for cloud, DevOps or just software and product engineering. These kind of programs 
would have stable margins. 
Our programs that we offer, for example, in cybersecurity or programs that we offer to 
enterprises, which are a fixed run-rate programs, which means the enterprise has committed a 
certain volume to us; then those are also margin bearing. 
Where we invest is a lot in business where we are offering consumer go-to-market programs, 
where there is larger marketing effort involved before we start generating revenues. In opening 
different channels of market access, these require investments. For example, conferences of the 
kind that I referred to, these require investments in the beginning and the returns follow later, 
and these are expensive market access mechanisms. 
So typically, the places where margins remain constrained are when product is new, it is not yet 
known. Generative Al is one of them. We put a large number of investments in market access 
and market education. And now, we think we'll start getting the results of this. But it will be a 
while before we can recover the investments that we have made. And that is dependent on the 
volume that we get in return. So I gave you a bunch of different examples. 
Just a follow-up question on that. So what kind of margins do you believe that Generative Al 
and all of these products where we are investing should give in longer term? 
It should give s the upper end of margins that we get from premium programs. 
So that's around 15% to 20-odd percent? 
Yes. That could be even small depending on level of engagement. Engagement level margins 
vary. But overall, for a particular - I mean, I'm calling it category at — or a particular category 
of programs, this would be a premium program. Premium programs, typically, this program, the 
advanced design architect program, these are premium programs. These typically get better 
margins. 
Page 11 0f 12

NIIT 
Moderator: 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Moderator: 
Vijay Thadani: 
Moderator: 
NIT Limited 
August 02, 2024 
The next question is from the line of Ganesh Shetty. 
Sir, T just want to have one question. Regarding recently, we have an engagement with top-tier 
2-wheeler company for training their management trainces. So that article has appeared in 
LinkedIn. So is there any such type of opportunities we are exploring overall, sir? 
I'm sorry, I didn't quite understand. Which opportunity are you referring to? 
We had an engagement with the TVS Motor for training their management trainecs. That article 
appeared in LinkedIn. So is there any type of same opportunities we are exploring for other 
manufacturers? 
Ok, yes, yes. So sales and service excellence typically is a type of training, which is a fairly 
unique the way NIT does it. That's a common offering, which we offer to manufacturing 
companies and those with large distribution networks. So you can think of the big auto 
companies that exist in the country, the biggest. And you can imagine that they would be using 
NIIT for making sure that their people are much more efficient as well as they onboard a large 
number of people every year, and we trained many of them. 
Okay. Operator, if there are no more questions, then we can wrap up this call. 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
‘management for closing comments. 
Well, thank you very much. I do know, once again, I'm repeating, it's a busy camings season. 
And for you to have spent the time with us, we're truly grateful. Your questions, as usual, are 
very insightful and do open new possibilities in our mind, and we get ideas from them. So it's 
very educative for us to have you on this call. 
If there are any unanswered questions or if you have any further questions that may come up, 
Kapil Saurabh and Saurabh Tanefa are two points of contact now in the organization. And you 
can contact any one of them, and they would be happy to connect you to the most appropriate 
person in the organization to answer the call if they, themselves, can't handle the details of your 
query. 
So with that, I thank you very much once again and wish you the very best. Look forward to 
speaking with you or meeting you in person at the next available opportunity. 
Thank you. On behalf of NIIT Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 12 0f 12
