5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Registered Office: IIFL House, Sun Infotech Park, Road No.16V, Plot No. B-23, Wagle Estate, Thane - 400604  
Tel.: +91 22 41035000 I E-mail: support@5paisa.com I Website: www.5paisa.com I CIN: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2024: 
 
In continuation of our letter dated July 11, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing the transcript of Earnings 
Call held on Tuesday, July 16, 2024 for discussing financial and operational performance of the Company for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
Transcript has also been made available on the website of the Company at; 
 
https://www.5paisa.com/investor-relations/recordings 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
 
______________________ 
Namita Godbole 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A21056 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
 
Encl: As above 
Namita 
Amod 
Godbole
Digitally signed by 
Namita Amod 
Godbole 
Date: 2024.07.24 
18:58:05 +05'30'

5paisa Capital Ltd.                                    
            1   
 
                      
           16.07.2024 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
5paisa Capital Limited 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
  
Event Date / Time: 16/07/2024, 14:00 Hrs 
Event Duration : 00 Hr 15 mins 33 secs 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Gourav Munjal  
Whole-Time Director & CFO 
            
Mr. Ameya Agnihotri 
Additional Whole-Time Director & CTO 
  
Mr. Mehul Jain 
Product Head 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1.   Aliya Sarnobat          
: MOSL 
2.   Sumit Jankar         
: Individual Investor 
3.   Vidur Dayal      
             : Individual Investor                                  
 
Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. I'm Sowmya, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to 
5Paisa Capital Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today, Mr. Gourav Munjal, 
Whole-Time Director and CFO; Mr. Ameya Agnihotri, Additional Whole-Time Director and CTO; and 
Mr. Mehul Jain, Product Head from 5Paisa Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participants will be in the 
listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * and then 0 on your touch tone telephone. Please note this conference is recorded.  
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to the management. Thank you and over to you. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Hello, everyone. Good afternoon, and welcome to our Q1, FY '25 earnings call. On this call, I am joined 
with Mr. Ameya Agnihotri, Whole-Time Director and CTO; and Mr. Mehul Jain, our Product Head. Q1 
FY '25 has been an excellent quarter for the investors as well as the broking industry. During this 
quarter, both indices, Nifty and Sensex has touched all time high and generated good return for the 
investors. Also, overall industry saw a significant addition of more than 11 million Demat accounts. 
The total Demat accounts of this country stood at INR 16.22 crore.  

5paisa Capital Ltd.                                    
            2   
 
                      
           16.07.2024 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
In Q1 FY'25, we also acquired 2.34 lakh customers, reflecting a 116% growth y-on-y and our total 
customer base has reached to 44.7 lakhs. This small drop in acquisition is a result of our conscious goal 
that we took from the last from one to two months to improve the quality of customers, which we are 
acquiring.  
 
During the quarter, our ADTO, which stands for Average-Daily-Turn-Over, grew to 3.67 trillion a 
growth of 27% YoY, our client funding book stood at INR 271 crore, a growth of 20% y-on-y and our 
mutual fund AUM reached INR 1,124 crore, a 90% growth YoY.  
 
Coming to our financial performance, in Q1 FY'25, our broking revenue has gone to INR 40 crore, a 
growth of 11% YoY. Allied income is INR 29.7 crore, a growth of 27% YoY and overall, our total revenue 
stood at INR 102 crore, which is a growth of 21% YoY. Our employee benefit expense of INR 13.6 crore 
includes the impact of annual increment of employees, RSU ESOP of cost and proportionate of annual 
variable performances incentives.  
 
In this quarter, this also includes a one time positive impact of INR 8.66 Crore with respect to unvested 
ESOP and RSU costs as per Indian Accounting Standard 102. With focused approach on quality 
customer acquisition, product improvement and cost optimization, we are happy to report that we 
have achieved our lifetime highest ever PAT of INR 20.1 crore, which is a growth of 248% QoQ and 
39% YoY, along with PAT margins of 20%.  
 
At last, I want to assure investors that we will continue to work towards product development, 
investment in technology, customer experience, cost optimization and we are confident that the same 
will accelerate our revenue and profitability in coming quarters.  
 
Mr. Ameya Agnihotri, our CTO, will now take you through our technology and product key initiatives, 
and after that, we will be happy to answer your all questions. Ameya, over to you. 
 
Ameya Agnihotri 
 
Hi, everyone. I am Ameya Agnihotri, CTO and Whole-Time Director of 5Paisa Capital Limited. When it 
comes to products, our primary focus is development to prioritize digital innovation and maintain a 
technology first approach. We continue to make significant advances in our technology and product. 
Our mobile app now offers enhanced features for option traders, including straddle chains, bulk order 
placement from the option chain and seamless execution of custom option strategies. 
 
In our FnO 360 product, which is our dedicated platform for derivatives, users can access basket 
strategy, adviced by our technical research team with defined parameters like max profit, max loss 
and breakeven points and execute them in single clicks. We have also introduced a new feature for 
our web platform users, scan and pay via QR code for quick and easy fund transfers using our UPI app. 
It's designed to make adding funds faster and more convenient than ever.  
 
In our pursuit to provide best in class product experience to our users, we have made significant 
progress there as well. We are happy to report that our revamped mobile app for both iOS and Android, 
which will be live and available to our users by end of Q2 FY'25. Trade Station 2.0, our revamped web 
platform previously in beta is now accessible to all users, offering enhanced user interface and a 
smoother experience for high end traders. 

5paisa Capital Ltd.                                    
            3   
 
                      
           16.07.2024 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
We will continue our pursuit of technical excellence and modernize application and infrastructure in 
coming quarters. With summary of our performance as explained by Gourav and me, I open the floor 
for further discussion. Please feel free to ask questions if you have any. Operator, you may proceed. 
 
Question & Answer  
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. If you have 
a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. 
If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. We will wait for 
a moment while the question queue assembles. I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any 
questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
 
Our first question comes from, Vidur Dayal an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. Please go ahead 
with your question, sir. There is no response from the line.  
 
Our next question comes from Aliya Sarnobat from MOSL. Please go ahead. 
 
Aliya Sarnobat  
 
I wanted to know what is the market share of cash and F&O? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Our market share stand between 2% - 2.5% for both, cash segment as well as F&O segment. 
 
Aliya Sarnobat  
 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. I repeat, ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
Our next question comes from Sumit Jankar an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Thank you for providing the opportunity. My question is related to lending, some players are entering 
into the lending business. So going forward for next 5 to 10 years, how do you see this business 
growing for in terms of our broking -- along with the broking business for cross selling income -- in 
terms of cross selling income? 
 
 
 

5paisa Capital Ltd.                                    
            4   
 
                      
           16.07.2024 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So yes, it is an important aspect for cross selling. But right now, 5Paisa is fully concentrating on the 
broking business. As of now, there is no plan to do any lending business, and that's our stand as of 
now. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Ok, thank you sir.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Vidur Dayal an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Vidur Dayal  
 
Hello? 
 
Moderator 
 
Please go ahead with your question, sir. 
 
Vidur Dayal  
 
Can you hear me? 
 
Moderator 
 
Yes, sir. We can hear you. 
 
Vidur Dayal  
 
My first question is could you help us understand the circumstances around the departure of Narayan 
Gangadhar? And is he still part of the IFL Group? Second question is that the ESOP reversal that has 
happened, is this linked to the ESOPs that were given to Narayan Gangadhar? And the third question 
I had was that in one of the conference calls, you had said that we're looking to double our market 
share from 3.3%. Then the following quarter, our market share, I think, dipped to 2.5%. So are we still 
aiming at that 6%, 7% sort of market share?  
 
And the final question is that all this regulatory action around high frequency traders and options 
trading and curbing of all this, We haven't really been able to grow the company very well in the last 
4 years when the market has exploded, right? So in case there are curbs, do we have any strategies 
for diversification of our revenue? Because if the market itself starts to slow down in terms of 
customer acquisitions, then how are we going to play this market? Thank you. 
 
 
 

5paisa Capital Ltd.                                    
            5   
 
                      
           16.07.2024 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Okay. So, Mr. Narayan Gangadhar is still a part of IFL Group, and we have disclosed it in our exchange 
filing also. And, yes, the major portion in this quarter, reversal effect of RSU, is related to Mr. Narayan 
Gangadhar sir and some other employees also.  
 
Regarding the regulatory changes, yes, actually, we have  16 crore Demat accounts in the industry, 
and it is going up 30% annually. So regulators are bound to take these kinds of steps. But we have seen 
in the past that whatever the changes have happened, it has not impacted much on volumes, rather 
it has grown up  If you see  peak margin, then segregation of client security, then up streaming of 
clients funds and then quarterly payout. And now we have another regulations that may come. But 
we have seen in every step, the volume has grown up.  
 
Coming to the regulation side, which is anticipated that now there will be a INR 20 lakh minimum value 
required for option selling to enter into an option contract and there will be a few expiries. We feel 
that yes, it can impact our volumes but we need to see at what extent it is going to impact.  
 
And lastly yes, we had the 3% - 3.5% of market share earlier and over the last one year it has fallen to 
2% - 2.5%. We are continuing to work towards 6% market share and for that we understand that only 
the quality acquisition will work. We don't want to acquire customers just for the sake of the number. 
And we are really having the diversified strategy internally and the key metrics in terms of RPC, CAC, 
so that our ADTO market share will grow in future. I hope Vidur, I answered all the questions. 
 
Vidur Dayal  
 
Yes. Can you still hear me? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. 
 
Vidur Dayal  
 
Yeah just one final question for Ameya, that Narayan also spoke about how our product had not seen 
any investment for a long time. The iOS and the Android app didn't work in sync and were separately 
built up. The web application and the website also didn't work very well. So is there any update on the 
product? Do we think we have a robust product or we still think that we're lagging in terms of having 
a product, which we can target for the 6% - 7% market share that you're talking about? And, you know, 
I understand the answer that you're giving, but please understand that the company has been 
dropping market share for a while. So generic comments don't inspire confidence. And is there a 
search for a new CEO? When is the new CEO expected? 
 
Ameya Agnihotri 
 
Sure. So I will answer the technological questions. Yes, I will answer the tech related part. The CEO 
related part, Gourav will take up. So like Narayan had mentioned earlier, we did not have updated 
apps for iOS and Android. As articulated earlier, our mobile app for iOS and Android are ready and are 

5paisa Capital Ltd.                                    
            6   
 
                      
           16.07.2024 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
in sync. And by end of Q2 FY'25, they will both be available for all the retail users. And the effort has 
already been underway, and they are ready. So there is a good progress that we have made there.  
Apart from that, in terms of our web experience, Trade Station 2.0, which is our revamped web 
platform previously in beta, is now available for all the users. And that also is an enhanced user 
experience and smoother experience for high-end traders. So in terms of revamping and investing in 
our technology, particularly user experiences for mobile as well as for web, we have made significant 
progress.  
 
Over to you, Gourav.  
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Thank you. Second, regarding that, CEO, yes, the search is on and we will update the investors as soon 
as we get the clarification on that. 
 
Vidur Dayal  
 
Ok, thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on 
your telephone keypad. We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
There are no further questions. Now I hand over the floor to the management for closing comments. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yeah. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I hope we have been able to answer all your queries. 
If you require any assistance or have further queries, please feel free to get in touch and mail us at 
ir@5paisa.com. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may all disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you and have a pleasant evening. 
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
