August 14, 2024 
 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE SCRIP Code: 543425 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: MAPMYINDIA 
 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript for Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to our letter dated August 01, 2024, please find enclosed herewith 
communication relating to Q1 FY2025 Earning Call. The said conference call with 
Institutional Investor / Analyst was held on August 12, 2024 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. The aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
disclosed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
www.mapmyindia.com 
 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Surendra Somani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Saurabh 
Surendra 
Somani
Digitally signed 
by Saurabh 
Surendra Somani 
Date: 2024.08.14 
22:33:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“C.E. Info Systems Limited 
Q1 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH VERMA – CO-FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR– C.E. INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHAN VERMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – C.E. INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – C.E. INFO 
SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAURABH SOMANI – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER– C.E. INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. SHOBIT SINGHAL – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND STOCK 
BROKERS 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the C.E. Info Systems, MapmyIndia, Q1 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock 
Brokers. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, 
we welcome you all to Q1 FY '25 Conference Call of C.E. Info Systems, MapmyIndia. We have 
with us today, Mr. Rakesh Verma, Co-Founder and Chairman of the company; Mr. Rohan 
Verma, CEO and Executive Director of the company; Mr. Anuj Jain, CFO; and Mr. Saurabh 
Somani, Company Secretary. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rakesh Verma for his opening remarks. Post that, we will 
open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Thank you, Shobit. Good morning to everybody. The company has shown growth across all the 
financial metrics: Revenue, EBITDA, and PAT. It has been a good start for the fiscal year '25. 
The revenue grew at 13.5% to INR101 crores. The EBITDA has grown 14.3% to 42.8% margin, 
and the PAT has also grown 12% from INR32 crores to almost INR36 crores. 
 
Moving onto the business-wise breakup between Map-led and IoT-led, out of total revenue of 
INR101 crores, INR78 crores was contributed by Map-led business, and INR23.5 crores was 
contributed by IoT-led business. I wanted to address the sale of hardware, specifically that out 
of INR8.9 crores of sale of hardware, this number shows less than FY '24 Q1 of INR15 crores. 
Now this reduction in the sale of hardware was compensated by the sale of services, which grew 
from INR7.7 crores in FY '24 Q1 to INR14.6 crores. This was by strategic design on one side. 
We also had to deal with the non-availability of funds to Gtropy, which is our IoT arm, and that 
has been solved with the approval from shareholders this month. So from now on, we will see 
the rise of hardware sales over time. 
 
EBITDA for Map-led business has gone up from INR36 crores to INR39 crores year-on-year 
and EBITDA for IoT-led business has gone up from INR1.4 crores to INR3.7 crores year-on-
year, which translates into 50% margin for the Map-led business and 15.7% margin for IoT-led 
business. 
 
Regarding the P&L statement, I would also like to touch on a few small items and give a detailed 
explanation. There's an expense called technical services outsource, and that has gone up to 
INR11 crores in this quarter - these service costs were primarily incurred to support the revenue 
which you find in sale of software of INR92 crores. So other than that, the rest of the expenses 
are pretty much in line with what was in Q4FY24 and what was in Q1FY24. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Now, I'll ask Rohan to share with you his thoughts and explanations on the various other 
financial and non-financial parts of the business. 
Rohan Verma: 
Good morning, everybody, and thanks, Mr. Verma. As Mr. Verma said, we got off to a good 
start in the quarter. A&M revenue grew 9.5%, and C&E revenue grew 16.9%. New customer 
acquisition was good in terms of upselling, cross-selling and new use cases. 
 
When it comes to automotive, we won deals for a leading electric commercial vehicle OEM as 
well as a large utility vehicle OEM. We also saw a bunch of interesting key go-lives across ICE 
and EVs, whether it's the Mahindra XUV 3XO or the BYD Atto 3, and in the 2-wheeler segment, 
electric scooters like Ampere Greaves Nexus or the Ultraviolet F77 premium electric bike.  
 
We are witnessing large adoption for an advanced e-horizon, ADAS and advanced EV software 
which tells about the road ahead to support autonomy, functions like intelligent speed assist, 
highway assist as well as giving range prediction to consumers. This is resulting in the 
premiumization of vehicles with increased adoption of our EV and ADAS solutions. Similarly, 
on the fleet side, whether it's monitoring of mine vehicles for large metals, or video telematics 
for employee transportation, all kind of schools are deploying our solutions. All of that is seeing 
growth. 
 
On the C&E side, growth has been 16.9%. We are observing very interesting use cases, whether 
it's flood modelling and water management in East Indian cities, or 3D digital twin mapping. 
We also saw go-lives including the Dial 112 project of the UP Police as well as the prestigious 
Indian army defense project, which leverage our capabilities. 
 
On the corporate side, there's e-commerce, QSR, delivery and mobility companies which are 
using our APIs for various use cases, like location personalization or address capture. In the 
BSFI and retail sectors, multiple companies are using us for analytics like credit assessment or 
store-wise sales prediction, sales and analytics for business expansion.  
 
All the points I mentioned bodes well for the business. We started the year with a INR1,300 
crores open order book. We are well on track to achieve our milestone that we've set for FY '27, 
FY '28 of INR1,000 crores, and increasing adoption of our solutions and innovation that we're 
doing in our products has set us up well. In this last quarter, we also added an offering for AI-
driven data analytics and consulting for the company. That gives us more wallet share, closer 
access and closer engagement with customers and gives us more reason why customers will 
work with us. 
 
I also want to address something besides the regular business update, something that has come 
up in the last few weeks. We've tried to stay quiet about it, not making public statements, not 
responding to media inquiries, because it's a matter we're pursuing legally. But post the quarter 
results, as part of our quarterly media interactions, we were asked pointedly about it, so we had 
to address it. This is to do with a legal notice that we have served to Ola Electric for breach of 
terms and conditions of our contract. 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Just for context, MapmyIndia has been building digital maps and pioneered this space, having 
built it from the ground up since 1995, servicing many customers. In 2015, Ola ANI 
Technologies got licensed and got access to our map data, which they continued to use. In 2021, 
Ola Electric licensed our APIs and SDKs for their navigation in their vehicles and continued to 
use us. Because we have seen certain breaches of terms and conditions, we have started the legal 
process. I'm not going to comment further on that, just wanted to say that we are there to defend 
the rights of our company and our shareholders. Additionally, there's been a lot of noise in the 
marketplace around competition that is coming up, whether its Ola Maps talking about things 
from the product point of view or from the pricing point of view, as well as Google Maps making 
statements around pricing.  
 
There are two points I want to make here. MapmyIndia is the premium map provider in the 
country, offering the best value to customers. We are pretty confident about our market position, 
and these different dynamics that are at play, we don't see as a risk to our business. We only see 
more adoption happening with more noise and more awareness. We believe we will be the 
disproportionate winner in the market that gets added on due to all this activity. 
 
Mapping is a very difficult business. It's a very serious business. It requires long term expertise, 
investment, time, capital, and a track record of servicing customers across industry verticals for 
use cases that stress-test the map in different ways for its accuracy and usability. And only that 
creates a map that customers would like to choose. 
 
There have been hundreds, if not thousands, of companies globally that have tried to get into 
mapping. In India itself, there have been tens, if not hundreds, of companies. We faced 
competition for the last 20-30 years. But in the world, you can count on your fingertips the 
number of companies that have sustained and succeeded. And India, it is us. So we are there 
from an accuracy and quality point of view. 
 
Also, we are not just standing still. We are innovating, not just on the 2D side but also 3D, high 
definition, updation in near-real time, 4D - so many features, so many different solutions. We 
are not a single-product company; We're a multi-product, multi-industry company where our 
maps are being used across the board, and we have solutions on top of it. So we are pretty 
confident on our competitive positioning. 
 
When it comes to pricing, we actually price based on value for customers. It's a mutual 
agreement, and we don't see an impact of this pricing by at least the foreign players because in 
any way, we are price conscious. If you look at kind of the history of other players, they have 
been volatile; sometimes giving it for free, sometimes charging, sometimes charging a lot, 
sometimes reducing prices. We've been fairly predictable, reliable and value-based for our 
customers. And in our conversations, this is not something where we are overtly concerned, but 
we are deeply engaged with customers. We are also increasing awareness about our products 
and solutions because the more that people know about our solutions, we feel that that will give 
us more market share. So I'll conclude my remarks with that. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Thank you, Rohan. I guess Shobit will take over from here now. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi 
Shares and Stock Brokers. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. So first one is on the government focus on cadastral mapping. So 
cadastral maps’ target of geo-referencing of around 6.5 lakh villages, of which around 3 lakh 
Indian villages have been done - are we part of it and how to look at revenue flow from this? 
Rohan Verma: 
Sure. Shobit, this is Rohan here. Yes, land records and cadastral maps, this is something the 
government, over the last 10-plus years, has been focused on. There's both a rural angle and an 
urban angle to this. And we've been participating in it, this is part of our addressable market. We 
are quite well positioned here. We are able to do the mapping of land records, not just 2D but 
also now 3D with our drone-based digital twin capabilities. 
 
We are also able to offer software solutions on top of that through our geospatial platform, 
whether for property tax management systems, so that municipalities can earn property tax based 
on land records, or through our geospatial platform to help in urban or rural planning as well as 
linking to this ULPIN, which they're calling the Unique Land Parcel Identification Numbers; 
what we call is Mappls Pin, which is a unique digital address for every place. And so we can 
link the 2, ULPIN and Mappls Pin, so that anybody’s land parcel can be uniquely identified, and 
services can be delivered to them, not just the location information. There are very interesting 
ways in which we are deeply involved when it comes to mapping or software or other solutions 
in this. And so we are happy the government has put an impetus on us. It will aid in our 
addressable market and our growth in the time to come. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is in IoT. On the hardware side, we saw around 42% year-
on-year decline in revenue and around 60% Q-on-Q. So what led to decline in revenue? Are we 
facing any challenges here? And typically, what is the gestation period for SaaS income to flow 
once the hardware is sold? 
Rakesh Verma: 
On IoT, we are pretty bullish, and it's growing  quite well - the way it has increased from INR8 
crores to INR50 crores to INR100-plus crores over the last 3 years is a good sign for us. This 
year also, I'm pretty confident that we'll have a pretty good growth in the IoT business. Just don't 
look at Q1. I think I tried to answer that right in the beginning  - that was due to lack of funds 
with Gtropy, for which we needed to get approval from our shareholders, which we have gotten 
approval now. So going forward, you will not see that as a reason for not having growth. Growth 
will be there. But the good thing also, if you look at the SaaS part of the IoT business, it has 
shown very good results. I think it's almost 90% growth in the SaaS business of IoT. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is just a follow-up on the IoT business. Thanks for your earlier comments on 
that. So just trying to understand the interplay between the software part of the IoT business and 
the hardware part of the IoT business. You’d think that the hardware part is sort of an installed 
base on which the software bit can be annualized potential revenue there. This quarter, we've 
seen a meaningful pickup in software part of the business, which I'm guessing is slightly higher 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
margin. So just trying to understand how the interplay between hardware installed base and 
software annualized revenue should ideally work in your plans going forward? 
Rohan Verma: 
Sure. Thanks, Chandra, for the question. This is Rohan here. You're right. SaaS is definitely 
higher margin. And as you said, we treat hardware as an installed base. So when we install the 
hardware, then that customer takes the SaaS from us going forward. So it generates those SaaS 
annuities. So the more our installed base, the more our SaaS revenue will grow. 
 
Sometimes, this kind of quarter pause or quarter reduction in hardware shows you the strength 
of the SaaS business of the IoT, with a meaningful pickup in SaaS income and, hence, improved 
margins. But there's such a large addressable market out there, and we have such great hardware. 
We're going deep into the design and engineering of these hardware also so that we can make 
really specialized or appropriate solutions for the different segments of the Indian market, 
whether it's in the auto OEM side, whether it’s a line fit win, or whether it is in the aftermarket 
for various sectors. There are so many sectors where IoT can be useful: energy, logistics, 
mobility, consumer gadget. 
 
So there's a huge headroom. We're very excited. Keep this quarter as a one-off when it comes to 
hardware. We are very focused on growth of the IoT business, and they both kind of support 
each other. SaaS, I think, will keep happening. And then as hardware base grows, SaaS further 
gets uplifted. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. My second question is on the INR1,000 crores target that you've set for 
yourselves in FY '27, '28. That would imply sort of mid-30s to maybe 40% annualized top line 
growth. Just looking through your financials over the past 3 years, it looks like 1 out of 4 quarters 
might be a little slower versus that run rate, possibly because it's a B2B business,.  
 
So just trying to understand in FY '25, how do we think about that slight lumpiness in the 
business? Is this sort of the one-off quarter that you foresee in your business planning for FY 
'25? And do you see the balance 3 quarters as being on track for that 35% to 40% growth target 
that you've set out for yourselves? 
Rohan Verma: 
Chandra, you're right. Our revenue is predictable based on our open order book. And so you've 
seen over the last few years the track record of our open order book and new order bookings, 
that has grown significantly. I mean it was INR1,300 crores at the beginning of this year. It was 
INR900 crores the year before. And the year before, I think it was INR699 crores. So that will 
all add up into revenue in the coming time. So that's what makes us fully confident of achieving 
our revenue milestone of INR1,000 crores by FY '27, FY '28. 
 
In our business, this is an annual business, so there can be lumpiness. So quarter-on-quarter 
movement can be there from here and there. We are not concerned overly about it because we 
know if something doesn't work out in a quarter, it will work out in the coming quarters. So in 
that sense, I just want to reiterate that we are confident about our revenue milestone, and the 
business is building up in that direction very nicely. 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. And my last question is around the Hyundai contract that you've discussed 
over the past couple of quarters. I think there was some commentary in the investor presentation 
for this quarter that there was a ramp-down in some of the older contracts. So just trying to 
understand, is the ramp-down related to some of the older Hyundai business ahead of the pickup? 
And when exactly would you say the new Hyundai contract, I think, the INR400-plus crores that 
you mentioned over a period of time, when exactly is that flowing through into your business 
plan? 
Rohan Verma: 
This ramp-down was in fact with the old program of Hyundai-Kia. The ramp-up has actually 
begun - If you notice, all Hyundai-Kia cars on the road currently, in fact, actually have already 
switched MapmyIndia on, and even their companion app now has MapmyIndia. So we are very 
excited and grateful to Hyundai. 
 
It's one of the most advanced automotive players when it comes to technology, and they're fully 
leaning into all the advanced tech, what we call NCASE, for the next generation. And we have 
a very close and strong relationship with them. So ramp-up of the next generation has begun. 
And over the course of time, this fairly lucrative contract for us will unfold in terms of revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ikshit Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Ikshit Naredi: 
So my basic question is on your Map-led business. Why are your maps not updated with current 
geographical changes? Like I think it's 6, 7 months old. My second question is why are your 
maps not working through Apple CarPlay or Android Auto? Can you please guide me with this? 
Rohan Verma: 
Sure. If you use Mappls App, it actually fully works with Apple CarPlay and Google Android 
Auto. Maybe we can take it off-line to discuss what specific issues you are facing. But a fair 
number of consumers are using our Apple CarPlay and Android Auto-compatible Mappls App 
and quite liking it. 
 
On the map update point, we have the most agile way of updating our maps, we call it real-time 
rich. And so when a new bridge opens up or a new road opens up or a new place is inaugurated, 
it is first on MapmyIndia's map. Of course, India is a very vast country. So there could be places 
here and there, for sure, which are not updated. But the moment we get to know we validate then 
ingest and then publish immediately. We are continuously proactively tracking through all sorts 
of methods, automated and semi-automated based on our customers' usage and our consumer 
usage, our own team's data acquisition pipeline, surveys and more. 
 
So any specific kind of map feedback if you have or if it's related to some specific car, which 
was an old car of an OEM, which didn't have Internet, the earlier generations, those may be the 
reasons why you might be seeing old geography. But otherwise, if you're using Mappls App or 
our connected automotive solutions that are coming to market or our APIs, you're getting the 
most frequent map updates. 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Ikshit Naredi: 
Okay. And my last question is if you talk about the Ola Maps and Google Maps, is there any 
pricing pressure on us or in future? Is it easy to switch your customers to the other companies 
like Ola Maps or Google Maps?  
Rohan Verma: 
See, on one side if a product is really, really bad, then regardless of the price, customers are not 
going to take it, right? So that axes one kind of competitor. And the second part is we've been 
dealing with competition for so long. And competition has been pretty arbitrary with pricing 
whereas we've kind of stuck close to the customer and price based on what value we give to the 
customer, and it's been of mutual agreement. So obviously, the response on pricing for the 
foreign company was not to a new entrant who just came a month ago. I don't think the big tech 
companies are that agile. It's obviously a response to us. It probably doesn't go enough, but that's 
the best that they could do. And I think we are fairly close to our customers. They are fairly 
confident and happy to continue working with us. And I think these pricing activities show that 
others believe their products are not actually strong enough that they have to use such drastic 
pricing as a lever. 
 
On how easy it is to switch, it's not that easy, to be honest, depending on how deeply integrated 
the solution is in a use case. MapmyIndia tends to work with fairly large enterprises or large tech 
companies who actually have the ability to pay meaningful amounts of money. And the solutions 
are deeply integrated. This also means, of course, whether it's new customer acquisition mode, 
we also have to work hard to migrate customers from another map to ours. And that's kind of a 
B2B enterprise life cycle journey. 
 
So is there an immediate threat or even a medium-term, long-term threat to our existing customer 
base? No. And based on our value of our product and the pricing and the whole value 
proposition, do we see us getting a meaningful share out of the growth in the market? Answer is 
yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Moez Chandani from AMBIT Capital. 
Moez Chandani: 
My question was more on the partnership that we had with ClarityX. So just wanted to see, have 
there been any incremental revenues coming in from this partnership already? And also, how do 
the revenue and profitability sharing agreements work in this partnership? 
Rakesh Verma: 
MapmyIndia is keen to develop its AI-based data analytics and consulting business. The idea of 
ClarityX is to provide that kind of an activity so that MapmyIndia's business grows. That's the 
fundamental relationship between MapmyIndia and ClarityX. So the revenue is accrued totally 
to MapmyIndia and the profits accordingly. 
Moez Chandani: 
Okay. So all the revenue is accrued directly to MapmyIndia business? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Yes. 
Moez Chandani: 
All right. Understood. And secondly, on some of the new initiatives that we've talked about 
earlier, international markets, drones as well as consumers, any update in terms of growth there 
or any incremental revenue contribution on new projects that we've seen here? 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Rohan Verma: 
On international, actually, things are building up quite well. We'd say that in the next couple of 
quarters, you'll hear some serious announcements from us. So I mean I would say stay tuned for 
that. It's very interesting. We are quite bullish on international. I think we are quite well 
positioned. 
 
On drones, yes, things are going quite well. More and more of our solutions, whether for 
government or for infrastructure clients, warehousing clients, public sector, private sector - this 
whole 3D digital twin mapping is picking up. This is aided by the fact that we are full-stacked 
drone solution providers, without even going deeper into design engineering when it comes to 
drones. The fact that we have a geospatial platform called mGIS, fully in 3D, our 3D maps, our 
other kind of abilities or IoT is an indicator that it is building up well. Of course, it's the third 
pillar of our business. It's coming up soon. And so just the way you've seen IoT grow, we are 
quite bullish about how the drone-based business will grow in the time to come. 
 
And finally, on consumers, you are seeing consumer adoption increasing rapidly, whether from 
Mappls App or Mappls Gadgets. And there's a whole host of announcements of product 
enhancements that we'll be talking soon. 
 
And so yes, these are the 3 things that we are doing for the various long-term. We are working 
hard and passionately and enjoying it, making good things, innovative things, unique things, 
valuable things for customers and users. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Anmol Garg: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on the last 2 quarters, we are seeing increase in the technical 
services outsource cost. If you can indicate what this pertains to and what can be the normalized 
level that we can expect for this expense? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Majority of it was related to the projects for which we have earned revenue, which is shown in 
the financial statements. So from time to time, depending upon the projects, such costs get 
incurred. We do not want to service those by increasing the people within the company, because 
these are project specific. So if you're asking, what kind of similar costs will happen in the 
future? It will depend on the nature of the projects that we undertake and try to convert it into 
revenue. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. Secondly, just a continuation on the Hyundai and Kia contract. So as contract comes in 
2Q, can we expect a strong increase in auto revenue going ahead in second quarter? And also, 
in continuation of that, in this quarter, particularly, so if we include the IoT business as well, 
then it looks like the auto business actually grew ex of IoT despite the Hyundai and Kia impact. 
Is my understanding right over this? 
Rohan Verma: 
Anmol, like we've said, we are not a quarter-on-quarter business. Look at us annually. It will 
help everybody understand us better. Obviously, directionally, the fact that Hyundai-Kia has 
gone live, that will start building up the revenue, and it's a fairly large amount over a period of 
time. So I don't want to kind of say quarter specific. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
On the IoT side, as Mr. Verma explained already, there was a reason why hardware sales was 
reduced by design. And obviously, that situation has changed now. And so overall, A&M was 
still good, considering the ramp-down of various programs in the past. I don't want to go into 
specific customers and what the specific impact is on revenue, because we have a broad portfolio 
of customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
First is on IoT. I just first want to understand, given that the fund approval has come just last 
week, and that means essentially almost half of Q2 also gone. So are we looking at a softer Q2 
also? Or is there kind of a pent-up demand in hardware and we can make up for the lost time in 
Q2? 
Rakesh Verma: 
If you are wondering if that business is lost, answer is no. The business can be kept alive and 
going forward, now that the issue of funds is resolved, you will see the increased hardware sales 
also happening. As Rohan also pointed out, the more the hardware we sell, the more the SaaS 
revenue for the future happens. So I don't think there is anything to worry about IoT business 
growth from the last year where we were at INR100 crores. You will see the good growth in that 
in this year, too. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. Second, on the SaaS revenue itself, my understanding was that it’s kind of sticky on the 
installed base. So I was a little surprised at the sequential decline from Q4 level of the software 
revenues. So is it because some of the hardware where we have given a kind of annual 
subscription were not renewed? And if that's so, if you can just give us a percentage of retention? 
Rakesh Verma: 
That's not exactly true because along with the hardware also, some SaaS revenue happens. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
No, I understand that. But if it was INR18.5 crores last quarter, that must be linked to some 
hardware, which is already sold. So a decline from that level, I'm just curious on that. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Okay. Hardware sales happen in a couple of different ways. One is with the software 
subscription. The other is without software subscription. So unless until one digs into the details, 
you will not know. In my mind, I don't think it has gone down from the subscription level. 
Rohan Verma: 
And you should look at it an annual basis, not quarters. I mean quarter-to-quarter, this is not 
necessarily a quarterly subscription. It could have been that it is an annual subscription also, 
which might have given a filip to Q4. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
And one maybe last question. You keep saying that we should look at it on an annual basis, the 
revenue. So while we have a 35% to 40% kind of revenue CAGR to achieve our target, every 
year from now until FY '27, '28, should we look at the growth in that ballpark of 30%, 35%? Or 
it's more like a back-ended kind of revenue that we are looking at to achieve our INR1,000 crores 
target? 
Rohan Verma: 
I think I talked about this earlier. You look at the open order book, how it's progressed from 
INR700 crores to INR900 crores to INR1,300 crores. Fairly predictable that the revenue will 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
grow based on this open order book growth as well. So we have the confidence. We are seeing 
it again that we will cross this revenue milestone by FY '27, FY '28 of INR1,000 crores. And 
business is building up in that. We don't want to give specific guidance on specific dates beyond 
what we have said, and we have a focus on executing fully, and things are looking good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Sharma from MC Pro Research. 
Nitin Sharma: 
So firstly, can you please talk about how big is this 3D digital twin project and how much time 
will it take you to complete it? 
Rohan Verma: 
No, regarding specific customers, we probably can't talk about size. I mean there’s sometimes a 
stock exchange requirement because of which we have to, but if it's not required, we won't talk 
about individual customers. 
 
But yes, the project is very interesting. It's to help in modelling flooding in the city, which 
obviously means that it has to be 3D mapped, because you need to see kind of where water builds 
up and where water can flow out from. It’s a complex, geospatial project. And getting a 3D 
digital twin of that is required, and we have all the capabilities across ground-based or inside 
water-based and, of course, aerial-based capabilities to do that, from data acquisition to 
processing to the platform. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Is there a rough timeline for this project or any project of a similar nature in your understanding? 
Based on your conversations, do you think that this whole flood situation is manifesting open 
opportunity for you from other state governments?  
Rohan Verma: 
I mean, again, we won't talk about the specifics, but you can imagine these huge projects take a 
couple of quarters. It's not an overnight solution to do all that. The type of projects we tend to 
take are things that we can choose, things that we can deliver, things where customers will pay 
us. We are fairly picky in what we focus on or at least we try to be. And yes, each of our use 
cases are applicable, and that becomes very interesting. So each of these opens up more 
opportunities for other cities and other flood-prone areas, and that will be the endeavour to show 
that we could do it here so we can do it somewhere else. And that's how the business will grow 
over time. 
Nitin Sharma: 
And if I can squeeze in a small question. So the 40% EBITDA margin guidance you had 
previously given, is it intact, right? 
Rohan Verma: 
You're talking about the EBITDA margin guidance? 
Nitin Sharma: 
Yes, yes. Right, margin guidance. 
Rohan Verma: 
See, there's like multiple parts to our business, right? You know that's a high-margin business 
from a MaaS, SaaS, PaaS point of view. But we also want to continuously invest in our products 
to keep making cutting-edge innovations which are world-class. I mean we are not stopping at 
just making a good-enough product or a bad product. So we really want to make products that 
are superb. So we have to invest for that.  

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
And the other is that we really do believe that one of the things that will unlock growth for us is 
more people getting to know about us and our solutions. And so we are starting to do that 
activity. You may have seen recently in the India-Sri Lanka kind of ODI series, we are very 
prominently placed as a sponsor. And so more people knowing about us will make them curious 
about what we do and give them trust that we are large enough for them to entrust us with their 
time and their money, regardless of if they are a consumer or an enterprise. 
 
So there's a bunch of investments we want to do in products and marketing to unlock further 
growth. So EBITDA is an outcome of that also. And so I don't want to kind of say a specific 
number, just that we are a profitable, growing business, and we're working towards that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vidyadhar Ginde from Sohum Asset Managers. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
So my first question was regarding the annual report. You have discussed in detail about 
addressable market size in various areas such as drones as a service, drone solutions, defense, 
B2C digital maps and services, a lot of MEA markets and SEA, and given what is the addressable 
market size improvement slightly increased, slightly up to 2030. 
 
I presume this will also start contributing to revenue over the next few years and probably will 
contribute something to your revenue by FY '27 and FY '28 when you are targeting INR1,000 
crores of revenue. So should we expect that we need revenue to come from these new areas to 
move to INR1,000 crores? Or if anything comes from these areas, it will take your revenue to a 
level higher than INR1,000 crores? And will you, at some stage, give us a road map of revenues 
from these areas also so that we have much better clarity on your overall revenue? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Business is ongoing. Product, technology and innovation is also ongoing. A year back, we had 
given our road map of INR1,000 crores. We drilled it down and explained where and how it will 
happen. Now do we have all the contract orders that will give us that INR1,000 crores today? 
The answer definitely is no. But I guess we look at the holistic picture and then say that this is 
the big market that is there, and within that, we carved out our addressable market. And within 
that, we mentioned that we would like to achieve INR1,000 crores. 
 
Now that's a very good milestone we have set for ourselves, and we have communicated to every 
investor. So whether it will come from the new orders or whether it will come from the existing 
orders, there's nothing like that. Existing order book is that INR1,300 crores open order, if you 
want to think of it that way. But every year, like from INR699 crores to INR900 crores to 
INR1,300 crores we've built up, the business team and sales team are continuously building more 
and more orders every year. So that's how the business is run. I hope you will understand and 
appreciate that. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
No, no, what I'm saying is, for example, the road map which you gave us of your INR1,000 
crores, certainly did not include B2C digital maps and services, in-app advertisement as well as 
going to MEA and SEA road maps. And I presume you will do that before FY '27, FY '28. So 
that was my question.  

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Rakesh Verma: 
Today, we have no indication for that B2C, advertising or whatever you are calling it. Now we 
have not said that we'll be earning revenue from that. If we earn, we'll let you know when that it 
is happening. As of today, we are not making that statement. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
So are you saying that these are unlikely to contribute significantly to revenue in FY '27, FY 
'28? 
Rohan Verma: 
I think we've answered the question well. We can move on. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
Okay. So my second question was on this ClarityX thing. From the answer you give to one of 
your earlier questions suggests that in this partnership, the entire revenue will go only to 
MapmyIndia and nothing to ClarityX. Is that correct? 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes, MapmyIndia is going to generate the revenue from it by selling these solutions. See, if you 
look at it from MapmyIndia's angle, we're a product and platform company, meaning that we are 
selling our maps, our software, our APIs, et cetera. But at the end of the day, we want to solve 
customers' problems. 
 
And if we, as a company, have our DNA being product and platform, but customers need 
solutions, analytics and consulting; this is more bespoke and more professional services. And 
then there is other expertise also that is required, which are these AI models for analytics, where 
geospatial data is only one component. There might be other components, too. 
 
So these 2 companies together, MapmyIndia and ClarityX, can deliver on a larger set of needs 
of customers, in the specific area of AI-driven analytics and consulting. So for MapmyIndia, it 
increases our basket of offerings. So we can have a higher wallet share, we can be closer to the 
strategic planning and monitoring of the customers. It gives us more opportunity to upsell and 
be engaged, but we don't have to build that delivery capacity around that, for which ClarityX is 
building that expertise, and we have good strong close collaboration with. So revenue will, of 
course, accrue to MapmyIndia, and that will help grow the business. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. It's from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Deepak: 
Sir, earlier, you made a comment on Ola Maps and said that the product quality is not up to the 
mark and with Google Maps, there is no pricing consistency. So can you please explain with a 
small example, let's say, taking an autocomplete or direction map APIs, what could be the pricing 
differential between, let's say, Google Maps or Ola Map or you on an API basis?  
Rohan Verma: 
You should talk to somebody who's using that map or the products that power that map, or try 
it yourself and then figure out whether it's even worth the time, forget about the money. So I 
don't want to go into comparing to a product that has no track record. You can search on Google 
or Twitter and see how people are talking about it. I don't think it merits too much discussion. 
 
Now when it comes to Google, which is a serious player in this space, there are customers using 
them; However, I think we are much more agile as a company when it comes to providing 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
solutions and providing value. So if it's taken so many years for this big tech company to respond 
in one way, whether it comes to pricing or even product, that should give you an indicator.   
 
I’ll just give you one example. We launched 3D junction views. Actually, it's been there in our 
automotive product for many years actually, starting with BMWs and Hyundais and all of that 
for like 7-8 years. But people started to take note of it with Mappls App 2 years ago, as Mappls 
App became popular. And people just really loved the feature.  
 
Now we noticed that just in the last month, they announced a feature called flyovers, where it 
verbally tells you take a flyover. First of all, there's not one type of flyover. There are complex 
flyovers in India. There are underpasses. There are other complex intersections. So I would say 
this is a very weak way of solving the very specific needs of Indian customers. I mean if you 
want to solve it, solve it the way that we give that 3D junction views, where you visually see 
realistically what that junction is going to look like, and which turn you have to take. 
 
We are just much more agile, much more hyperlocal. We understand the nuances of customers. 
And so pricing-wise and product-wise also, I think we offer better value. Of course, we'll have 
to fight it out, it's a competitive market, and that is what we are doing. 
 
And then there's a whole host of solutioning that we do around maps where these other 
companies are much further back because over 30 years, we've innovated so many solutions that 
there are so many use cases where they're not even a factor. So it's a small fraction of our 
business, where we intersect with these players. And even in that small intersection, I think we 
are fairly well placed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
So my question is on the continuation of the competitive intensity that you have mentioned. So 
in light of the higher competition, how do we see the margins of the Map-led segment? 
Obviously, we have seen that it is costing around 50%. But with the higher investments that 
you're planning in terms of technology, can we see some contraction there over the longer term? 
 
Also, we have a very high market share in the auto segment. Have you ever seen the OEMs 
asking for any pricing discount? Or we believe that the pricing that we have is still very low and 
there is a scope of improvement there? 
Rakesh Verma: 
If you're talking about the auto segment, OEM customers typically go for 4-5 years of contracts. 
So now the earlier Hyundai-Kia agreement or contract has ramped down, and the new contract 
is in place, and the revenue has started this quarter. So it's not that we spend every day sitting 
down with auto OEM customer negotiating prices. 
 
Now we are always providing, through our NCASE solutions, some upselling. Now if there is 
an upselling of some new features, then we sit down and negotiate an addendum to that 
agreement. So that's how the automotive OEM is happening. 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
Now I don't know if you're talking about the pricing for the one Google type of competition 
versus the new entrant. The new entrant is giving everything for free. So let that happen, let them 
do it. And any serious user will ever think of using something which doesn't work. 
 
Coming to the other one, we have reduced the prices, I don't think we are very concerned about 
that either because as Rohan said before, they were probably responding to our pricing, and that's 
what took them that time. And it's just a matter of coincidence that, same time, the new entrant 
also talked about it. 
Rohan Verma: 
And there is some nuance of that pricing. This is a headline number, misleading. For small 
customers, that discount is actually up to 70%. For large customers, there's no change. When it 
comes to marketing versus actual on ground features, there's differences. It’s aimed at small 
developers who have very low propensity to pay with very low volume, hence resulting in low 
value. And we also have free plans. We are cognizant of it. We are watching it carefully, and we 
are addressing what has to be addressed. 
Amit Chandra: 
So is there any clause of any volume-based discounts? Now that we have the dominant market 
share, as the volume increases is there any chance of any un-operating-based discount that the 
OEM can ask, because we have seen that happening with other players and who was very close 
with the OEM. 
Rohan Verma: 
So automotive is a different market, and API and developers are a different market. This pricing 
that these people have done is to do with the  API and developer market. It is not a relevant topic 
in the automotive OEM space. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, I would like to thank all the participants, and I would like to say with a high level of 
confidence that we are pretty much on track. And the year FY '25 has started in a nice way. So 
let's hope that we continue doing a good job in the quarters and years to come. But again, a small 
request to please look at us on a year-to-year basis, and this quarter-to-quarter volatility will 
happen through either lumpiness or whatever reasons. So that's my request to all of you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
