 
 
 
   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                             CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
 
       Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
Mailing Address:                                Registered Office:                                                           Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable) 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,        ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,            Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com                                 
New Linking Road, Malad (West),        Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                       Website: www.icicilombard.com 
     Mumbai - 400 064                                Mumbai - 400 025                                                              
  
     
  
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/113-7/2025 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference 
call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 9, 2024 and July 19, 2024, please note that the 
Company had hosted earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Friday, July 19, 2024 to discuss the performance of the Company for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2024.  
 
In this regard, please find attached transcript of earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above  
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed by 
Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2024.07.25 
18:44:16 +05'30'

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call  
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO  
MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. ANAND SINGHI – CHIEF RETAIL AND GOVT BUSINESS GROUP  
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF CORPORATE SOLUTIONS GROUP 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY & HEALTH (UW & CLAIMS) 
MR. GAURAV ARORA – CHIEF UNDERWRITING AND CLAIMS – PROPERTY & CASUALTY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's Q1 FY2025 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
From the Senior Management we have with us today Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri – MD and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gopal Balachandran – 
CFO, Mr. Alok Agarwal – Executive Director, Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief 
Technology and Health Underwriting and Claims, Mr. Sandeep Goradia 
– Chief Corporate Solutions Group, Mr. Anand Singhi – Chief Retail and 
Government Business and Mr. Gaurav Arora – Chief Underwriting and 
Claims – Property and Casualty. 
 
Please note that any statements or comments made in today’s call that 
may look like forward looking statements are based on information 
presently available to the management and do not constitute an 
indication of any future performance as future involves risks and 
uncertainties which could cause results to differ materially from the 
current views being expressed.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD and CEO 
– ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the 
Earnings Conference Call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Company Limited for Q1 FY2025.  
 
Let me give you a brief overview of the industry trends and 
developments that we have witnessed in the ensuing months. Post this, 
our CFO, Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the financial performance 
of the company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
During the financial year 2024, the Indian economy surged by an 
impressive 8.2%, which is better than the expected growth of 7.6%, 
maintaining its position as the fastest growing major economy globally. 
During Q1 FY2025, the key high frequency indicators such as toll 
collections, GST receipts and E-way bills continued to remain buoyant. 
Manufacturing and construction sectors showed strong activity and PMI 
data also highlighted robust demand and strong export orders. 
However, global geopolitical tension and uneven distribution of 
domestic monsoon can be a key risk to the ongoing growth momentum.  
 
Now talking about the auto industry, during the quarter, we have seen 
decent growth in the wholesale numbers as reported by SIAM with 
private car growing at 3.0%, two-wheeler at 20.4% and CV at 7.8%. 
This entails approximately 1 million private cars, 5.0 million two-
wheelers and 0.4 million CV’s being sold during the quarter. However, 
the retail numbers as reported by FADA has seen muted growth for 
private car at 2.5%, two-wheelers at 12.6% and CV at 6.0% for Q1 
FY2025.  
                                  Despite relatively lower retail sales during the quarter1, we expect the 
onset of the festive season in the coming months to augur well for auto 
industry.  
                                   Health insurance as a segment continues to be driven by under 
penetration in the retail health business coupled with enhanced 
awareness. In the last 5 years, health as a segment is growing more 
than 20% CAGR and we expect this trend to persist for FY2025.  
The Commercial lines of business grew by 10.3% during the quarter. 
Fire line of business continued to witness pricing pressure due to impact 
of discontinuance of IIB rates. However, with better awareness of new 
age risks and continued government focus on infrastructure 
development and related capital expenditure, the commercial line 
business is expected to do well in coming quarters.  
                                   Overall, from an insurance industry standpoint, we see a significant 
convergence with macro and micro factors supporting the growth.  
 
Coming to the performance of the General Insurance (GI) industry, it 
delivered a year on year Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) growth 
of 13.3% for Q1 FY2025. Ex-crop and mass, GDPI for the industry was 
at 14.8% for the same period. We have seen Q1 FY2025 growth being 
sequentially better than Q4 of last year and we expect this trajectory to 
continue in the coming quarters.  
                                                 
1 FADA 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
Overall, the combined ratio of the industry was at 112% for FY2024 as 
against 115.8% for FY2023. For motor, the combined ratio was 118.5% 
for FY2024 as against 121.1% for FY2023. While there seems to be 
some improvement in the overall combined ratio, with no motor TP rate 
hike and the Motor combined ratio for the industry continues to remain 
under pressure.  
 
In our previous call, we discussed the series of regulations prescribed 
by the authority. The regulatory environment is becoming more 
cohesive, and recently, the authority has issued various circulars 
including master circulars on health and general insurance respectively. 
These developments are expected to augur well for policyholders and 
the industry over the long term.  
 
Now I will speak about the business impact for us in Q1 FY2025.  
                                   The company's GDPI grew at 20.4% during Q1 FY2025 which has been 
higher than the industry growth of 13.3% during the same period.  
 
Let me now touch upon our performance in key business segments 
during the quarter.  
 
In the Commercial lines segment during Q1 FY2025, we grew at 
9.7%. We continue to maintain leadership position in segments 
such as Engineering, Liability and Marine Cargo.  
 
As mentioned earlier, while the Fire segment has seen pricing 
pressure, the inherent growth continues to remain intact. Despite 
the headwinds, we have maintained our market share in the Fire 
segment. We remain vigilant in terms of risk selection and will 
continue to monitor development in the coming quarters.  
 
In motor for Q1 FY2025, we registered a growth of 26.3% vis-à-vis 
industry growth of 12%. We continue to harness our strong 
capabilities in this segment across distribution, underwriting, claims 
servicing and actuarial practices. The overall growth in the motor 
segment was aided by strong growth in the old business.  
 
The new private car business grew at 13.4% is as against SIAM 
volume growth of 3%. Two-wheeler segment registered growth of 
~21% in Q1 FY2025 in line with the SIAM volume growth. While the 
new CV segment grew by 20.3% as against SIAM volume growth 
of 7.8% during the same period.  
 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
During the quarter, we have continued to maintain a balanced 
portfolio with private car, two-wheeler and CV mix at 51.5%, 26% 
and 22.5% respectively.  
 
We also continue to build efficiency in Motor claims. In Q1 FY2025, 
we were able to service 69.9% of our Agency and Direct claims to 
our Preferred Partner Network (PPN), up from 56.3% in Q1 
FY2024.  
 
With the de-notification of tariff wordings and the operational 
guidelines of master circular, we expect newer product 
opportunities in the motor segment, which will enable the segment 
to expand further. We are excited to share that we have recently 
introduced long-term product for private car and two-wheeler 
segment.  
 
We stay positive on the motor segment and are leveraging our 
multi-distribution strategy to drive growth across channels, which 
enables us to sustain market leadership in the segment.  
 
 
The health segment grew at 28.5% in Q1 FY2025 against the 
industry growth of 16.6%.  
 
In the Group- Health Employer-Employee segment, we grew at 
31.1% in Q1 FY2025. The change in the underlying industry pricing 
sentiment resulted in customers moving towards insurers with 
superior servicing capabilities, helping us to build this portfolio.  
 
For the first couple of months during the quarter, Retail Health 
business grew lower than our expectation. However, with the 
launch of a new health insurance solution, growth reached 14.4% 
in the month of June. Overall, the retail business grew at 12.6% in 
Q1 FY2025 compared to the industry growth of 19.0%.  
 
As updated earlier, we continue to remain committed to invest, create 
differentiation, and provide solutions for the Retail Health segment. In 
this endeavor to enhance our value proposition, we recently launched 
a new revolutionary Retail Health insurance solution, 'Elevate' Powered 
by AI. Elevate offers key add-ons such as infinite sum insured, infinite 
care, power booster, jumpstart, etc. These add-ons are industry first or 
industry best offerings. Further, the solution is backed by AI engine, 
which offers optimal coverage based on customer persona. We 
launched 
this 
solution 
across 
the 
country 
through 
200+ 
Bandhan events, with our agency distribution.  
 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
During the quarter, with lower credit disbursement growth of our Key 
Relationship Partners, our BANCA business grew by 7.5%. However, 
ICICI Group distribution grew by 31.4% for Q1 FY2025 due to strategic 
focus on branch banking business. When it comes to our relationships 
across distribution, we continue to deep-mine our existing relationships 
by creating new value streams and at the same time, focus on 
expanding relationships by staying invested in this channel.  
 
 
As mentioned in the last call, we continue to stay invested in 
strengthening our digital business. Resultantly, our customer facing 
digital business grew by 20.7% in Q1, constituting 4.9% of our overall 
business.  
 
 
Our one-stop solution for all insurance and wellness needs, the ‘IL 
TakeCare’ app, has surpassed 10.0 million user downloads till date. We 
registered a premium of ₹ 504.5 Mn for the quarter.  
 
 
As far as servicing our customer is concerned, we continue to leverage 
solutions such as :- 
 
o Cloud-based calling for motor claims, which has enhanced our 
customer experience by allowing direct interaction with the 
assigned claim manager, bypassing the need for the Interactive 
Voice Response (IVR) systems at call centers. This 
advancement has provided them immediate clarity on claims 
process, current status, and prompt resolution for their inquiries.  
o Our clients are increasingly embracing the self-service 
capabilities of our chat-bot RIA, which provides assistance 
across all our digital customer interfaces. The utilization of RIA 
for checking health claims status, and downloading policy 
copies have doubled in comparison to the previous year.  
 
During our previous call, we spoke about “One IL One Team” vision. As 
a part of this initiative, we continue to drive synergies whether in terms 
of One IL One Digital, One IL One Agency, or One IL One Call Center. 
Our collective efforts focus on the organization's goals has created 
tailwinds, which are driving superior growth in the recent months. We 
will continue to consistently leverage the power of One IL One Team 
through efficient systems and processes driven by our teams.  
 
 
In our previous update, we discussed our core business and technology 
transformation project, ‘Project Orion’. We initiated this transformation 
journey with our ‘Health’ business and are now progressively extending 
these efforts to our other lines of businesses.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
We will remain focused on leveraging our multi-product, multi-distribution 
strategy. We aim to achieve profitable growth by harnessing data 
effectively, embracing digital advancements and introducing new products. 
Simultaneously, we will continue to foster growth as “One IL One Team.” 
 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the 
recently concluded quarter.  
Gopal Balachandran:       Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you 
a brief overview of the financial performance of the recently concluded 
quarter. The results have been uploaded on our stock exchanges and you 
will be able to see the same getting reflected on our website as well. You 
can access it as we walk you through the performance numbers.  
 
The Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the company was at ₹ 76.88 
billion for Q1 FY2025, as against ₹ 63.87 billion in Q1 FY2024. This was a 
growth of 20.4%, which was higher than the industry growth of 13.3%. 
Excluding Crop and Mass health, GDPI growth of the company was at 
19.7%. Again, higher than the industry growth of 14.8% in Q1 FY2025.  
                                   Our GDPI growth during the quarter was primarily driven by growth in the 
preferred segments. The overall GDPI of our property and casualty 
segment grew by 9.7% at ₹ 25.08 billion in Q1 FY2025, as against ₹ 22.86 
billion in Q1 FY2024.  
 
On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the motor segment was at ₹ 
23.69 billion in Q1 FY2025, as against ₹ 18.75 billion in Q1 FY2024, again 
registering a growth of 26.3%.  
 
The advance premium numbers was at ₹ 34.56 billion at June 30, 
2024, as against ₹ 33.30 billion as at March 31, 2024.  
 
GDPI of the Health segment was at ₹ 23.37 billion in Q1 FY2025, as 
against ₹ 18.19 billion in Q1 FY2024, registering a growth of 28.5%.  
 
Our agents, which includes a Point of Sale distribution count, was 
at 1,31,021 as on June 30, 2024, up from 1,28,411 as on March 31, 
2024.  
 
Our combined ratio was 102.3% for Q1 FY2025, as against 103.8% for Q1 
FY2024.  
                               Our investment assets rose to ₹ 510.04 billion as at June 30, 2024, up 
from ₹ 489.07 billion as at March 31, 2024. Our investment leverage was 
4.14x as at June 30, 2024, as against 4.09x as at March 31, 2024.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Investment income was at ₹ 11.28 billion in Q1 FY2025 as against ₹ 
8.44 billion in Q1 FY2024. The investment income for Q1 FY2024 has 
been revised basis the recent IRDAI Master Circular dated May 17, 
2024.  
 
Our capital gains, net of impairment on investment assets increased to 
₹ 2.84 billion in Q1 FY2025 as compared to ₹1.23 billion in Q1 FY2024.  
                                   Our Profit Before Tax (PBT) grew by 48.8% at ₹ 7.74 billion in Q1 
FY2025 as against ₹ 5.2 billion in Q1 FY2024.  
                                   Consequently, Profit After Tax (PAT) also grew about a similar number 
at 48.7% at ₹ 5.80 billion in Q1 FY2025 as against ₹ 3.9 billion in Q1 
FY2024.  
 
Return on Average Equity (ROAE) for Q1 FY2025 was 19.1% as 
against 14.7% in Q1 FY2024.  
                                   Solvency ratio was at 2.56x at June 30, 2024, as against 2.62x as at 
March 31, 2024 and this continues to be higher than the minimum 
regulatory requirement of 1.5x.  
 
As I conclude, we remain steadfast in our commitment to driving 
profitable growth, creating sustainable value and safeguarding the 
interest of our policyholders at all times. I would like to thank you all for 
attending this earnings call and we will now be happy to take any 
questions that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, I basically have a question on the Motor Segment where you guys 
have delivered quite well, particularly in the first two months of this 
quarter. Some color, if you can give about, I know you have said that 
more growth came from old vehicles than new vehicles. I am not sure if 
I got that right, if you can help me with that.  
 
Second, the thing with the motor segment is that the motor TP book has 
seen quite a strong growth. OD is the fastest for you, but TP growth was 
also very strong given that competition in this segment has been de-
growing. Also, the loss ratio or the reserving triangle for a lot of 
competition for FY2024 saw a bit of worsening. So, is there any 
dramatic shift in the industry dynamics or the competitive landscape or 
any color that you can give to us about the motor segment? And 
whether we can sustain this 20% -25% plus growth rate in the motor 
segment, that will be useful.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thanks, Shreya. Yes, clearly, not couple of months, I think the full 
quarter, the team has been able to do pretty well as far as motor 
segment is concerned. But look, we always maintained a very steady 
line that being a multi-line, multi-product company, in that sense, we will 
go where we believe there is value.  
 
At some point in time, if we go back in time in terms of our quarter 1, 
quarter 2 call last year, you had seen that we had retracted significantly 
because it was not making commercial sense to pursue what was going 
on. We spoke about the industry numbers for FY2024. There is a bit of 
a semblance in terms of the loss ratio which is there. We see an overall 
industry-wide some improvement, while still it stays concerning. We 
were able to leverage that part of it.  
 
With respect to the new and old, new sales per se, as I said, the FADA 
number has given a very muted number, but overall supply has 
increased and that should hold good in the ensuing quarter when you 
have festive season coming in.  
 
For us, again, from deep mining, we were able to do a much better job 
on getting the old book. So you are right. Our new grew at around 16%, 
17%, but the old book has grown at almost 33%. So, that's what has 
given value for us as a company.  
 
Question on the last one, I can leave it to Gopal if he wants to add 
something, is this sustainable? I mean, this kind of a market share gap, 
I don't think sustainable will be a right thing. But we will continue to stay 
vigilant. If there is a value on the table for us, you will see us operating 
with same intensity. It's not that we were not gaining market share, we 
were not doing what was required. We will continue doing the right 
things and hopefully the outcome will fall in place, but yes, on motor, 
overall as a segment, we continue to remain committed as an entity. 
Gopal, you would like to add something? 
Gopal Balachandran:  
Yeah, I will just add on to say that, the good news is there seems to be 
semblance playing out in motor as a segment. Which is what we put out 
also as a part of the opening remarks, to say that directionally, the 
combined ratio for the industry looks to be going down almost by about 
3% or 4% when you look at it on a full year basis. This is obviously a 
trend that we will watch for even for the subsequent quarters.  
 
And linked to this is your last question that you asked in terms of what 
has been the loss experience, or let's say the loss ratios for the industry, 
vis-a-vis what has worked out for us. Honestly, I am sure each 
companies will have their own approaches to write risks in the way they 
would want to source, and the outcome is more a reflection of the 
thought processes that they would have had taken in their respective 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
companies. So, very difficult to comment on the way the reserving 
triangle disclosures are moving for those players. But at least from an 
ICICI Lombard's standpoint, we continue to stay prudent in our 
approach to reserving. And even if you recollect what we have been 
talking through since the last few quarters - is on motor as a category, 
we have said the loss ratio band at which we would be largely 
comfortable at, on an overall basis has been between 65% to 67%; and 
within that on own damage, we have generally talked about the loss 
ratio staying in the range of 60% to 65%, and third party in the range of, 
65% to 70%.  
 
So, that's largely the loss ratio band that we have been kind of largely 
working with. And at this point of time, given the point that Sanjeev 
made in terms of our ability to go after micro segmentation and doing 
the right risk selection, we believe, we are pretty much poised to stay 
around those loss ratio bands. But obviously, it's all a function of what 
business mix that we write at the end of the day.  
Shreya Shivani: 
And sir, just last one comment. Are you guys seeing any benefit from 
the Motor Vehicle Act, in sense of are you seeing faster claim 
intimation? Is there some change in the industry dynamics from that 
perspective?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, actually, Shreya, it's early days, but we do see overall on a 
sequential basis claim intimation on faster note than what it used to be, 
but can we be conclusive about it as yet? No, but overall early signs are 
positive in the direction that augurs well for the industry, not only us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, a couple of things. First, you know, I know it's early days, but maybe 
you can talk a little bit about the health product, what's the kind of 
numbers that you are seeing and what are you sort of building in your 
mind as a target for this year? And second, you have done very well on 
the investment income side. So, I am not sure whether you gave this 
number out or not, but what is the capital gain amount and if you can 
split the investment income in capital gains and normal gains? And then 
in the opening remarks, you had mentioned about the numbers for 
private car, two-wheeler and CV. If you could just repeat the CV 
number, what is it for the industry and what is it for us? So, those would 
be my questions.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Madhukar, thanks for your question. I will speak on the health product 
and then I will ask Gopal to share with you the details of investment 
income as well as the private car and two-wheeler . Again, it's been a 
thoughtful process for us. We have been talking on health more from 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
the retail health side in a very big way. As a team we have launched 
this product ‘Elevate’. Supremely excited in terms of the way it has been 
received by the market across channels and partners at this point of 
time.  
 
Number wise probably we will wait till it comes to the end of the quarter 
2. As you rightly said in your question itself, early days, but what I can 
tell all of you on the call is that, the way it has been received in terms of 
multiple industry first covers that we have put across, we do see a 
significant traction. And as a team, all of us are very excited as to where 
it can take us in the health segment and yes, this should be one of the 
typical steps to make our journey more concrete. So, as I said in couple 
of calls, that our efforts on health at many times have not reflected the 
output. Hopefully, we are seeking through this some convergence on 
that as an entity is all I can say. Now I will hand it over to Gopal to take 
the other two questions of yours  
Gopal Balachandran: So, maybe I will go in the reverse sequence. I will take the third one, 
which is relatively easier. We put that as a part of the opening remarks. 
Just to kind of reiterate, the mix between overall motor on private car, 
two-wheeler and CV, that mix is at 51.5% is private car, 26% is two-
wheelers and the CV mix is 22.5%. To your other question on the 
investment. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Sorry, Gopal. Gopal, I wanted the number of new CV growth was for 
the industry and what is it for ICICI Lombard? 
Gopal Balachandran: What are the SIAM numbers?  
Madhukar Ladha: 
SIAM numbers, yes. 
Gopal Balachandran:  So SIAM numbers for private car, two-wheeler and CV for this quarter, 
private car growth was 3%, two-wheeler is at 20.4% and CV is at 7.8%.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
And what is it for us for the CV?  
Gopal Balachandran:  For us new CV growth is at about 20%. Now coming back to your 
second question on terms of what is the split between the overall 
investment income, we called that out as a part of the opening 
transcript. See the capital gain numbers for this quarter is at ₹ 2.84 
billion. This number in quarter 1 of last year was ₹ 1.23 billion.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.  
Sanketh Godha: 
My first question is on the reasons that led to the significant 
improvement or decent improvement in the Opex ratio, because if I look 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
outside commissions, your overall Opex has declined by 7-8% year on 
year. So, where this saving has come? Is it because we have focused 
on old versus new vehicle? Has that played a role in significant 
improvement in the Opex ratio? That was my first question. Just wanted 
to understand what led to it and how sustainable it is going ahead.  
 
And the second question what I had is that when you do long term what 
you launched in private cars and the two wheelers, just wanted to 
understand from accounting point of view, it is recognized on cash 
basis, or it is 1/n for other than the new TP what you write for 3 years 
and 5 years?  
 
And lastly, my question is on, you said that non-ICICI Bank has seen a 
growth issue, which is even reflected in personal accident cover growth, 
which is declined year-on-year for the quarter. So, is it because the 
major bank channels like HDFC or Axis have slowed down our 
business? And how do you think it to play out going ahead? Yeah, these 
are my questions.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, I think, thanks, Sanketh. With respect to the Opex part that you are 
referring to, definitely, configuration of the portfolio has played a role. 
There is no doubt about it. The growth of old has definitely helped us in 
overall averaging of cost.  
 
So, you are absolutely right. And besides this, even the growth in GHI 
which comes on a relatively lower Opex which we have grown as a 
business at almost 31.1% has played a role. Some bit of crop business 
also has got booked on an incremental basis, but I wouldn't say that 
that has changed the Opex. It is largely driven by the nature of business 
in which it has got done.  
 
Whether it is sustainable? See, this is a very dynamic situation. We 
have a regulatory requirement that we need to manage our expense of 
Management below 30%. We will stay committed at the same time to 
dynamically operate and ensure that the profit pools are taken care of. 
We would take calls that are appropriate in the interest of the company. 
So, I wouldn't go and say that it's all sustainable, but some way or the 
other, yes, we will seek efficiency and that is the direction that we will 
operate on.  
 
With respect to the long-term piece, I would request Gopal to speak. On 
the non-banca channel, which is non-ICICI banca channel that you are 
referring to, we have a larger relationship which is driven by NBFCs and 
the overall unsecured part, we have seen in the market that the 
disbursement has gone down because of the changes in the regulations 
for them. That has impacted our sourcing. Else we remain very 
committed to this business and it has been a key value driver for us as 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
an organization. And as and when the overall disbursement improves, 
we will be there present with the relationship to drive our own market 
share with them. And on the long-term part, Gopal, if you can just. 
Gopal Balachandran:   And on the second question, Sanketh, pretty much similar to the same 
prescription. As you rightly mentioned, whatever is true for the new 
private car or new two-wheeler prescription, the same prescription is 
what we are following with respect to the long-term motor offering that 
we do for the rest of the businesses as well.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Just on the Opex part, I just wanted to, see, I understand the ratio 
improvement is because of little more GHI and crop, but absolute 
decline in the cost is the point I was more focused on, that it declined 
by 7.5% to 8%. So, is it largely attributed to the fact that your retail health 
growth was lower and old component has increased in the motor? Just 
wanted to understand, if that is a strategy going ahead, then we can 
see such an improvement in the Opex ratio.  
Gopal Balachandran:  Yeah. So, Sanketh again this is something that keeps coming to us 
every quarter, right, in terms of where is the directional movement on 
the overall expense number I would again keep reiterating the fact that 
end of the day as an institution, what I think everyone should be  largely 
watching out for is the combined ratio outcome. Because again, rightly 
mentioned by you, businesses obviously get impacted by different mix, 
different growth levels within a particular segment and each of them 
have obviously its own nuances and dynamics with respect to the 
overall cost of acquisition.  
 
Having said that, if you look at generally quarter 1 obviously tends to be 
slightly lower because the relative proportion of commercial line 
insurances tends to be higher. So, hence to that extent, there is an 
element of cost of acquisition that plays out. But having said that, I think 
what we have also been able to achieve is the relative efficiency and 
the productivity gain on even motor as a category in terms of the top 
line coming back to us at the acceptable level of cost of acquisition.  
 
And again, the point that we made within that segment, the growth has 
also largely stemmed from what Sanjeev mentioned. The old growth in 
motor has been 33% plus. So, obviously as the older portfolio grows 
faster, the relative cost of acquisition relatively is lower. And that's 
something that we keep monitoring.  
 
If you ask us what will be the directional trend that this expense ratios 
will take, the only thing that we would call out to say is at all points of 
time - we stand committed to staying within that threshold of 30%. Very 
difficult to pull out and say what will we finally end the number with. The 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
endeavor is obviously to make sure that we operate within that overall 
objective.  
 
So, hence lots of moving parts. Very difficult to call out a particular thing 
to say what has led to the overall efficiency in the expense numbers.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Godha, may we request you return to the question 
queue for follow-up questions as there are several other participants 
waiting for that. Thank you so much. We will take the next question from 
the line of Aditi Joshi from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Aditi Joshi: 
So, I have three questions. Sir, can you please help us understand on 
the Group Health side, what are the competitive dynamics you are 
seeing, and also in terms of pricing trend that was observed and your 
outlook as in going forward in the coming quarters, how do you see the 
health insurance pricing both in the retail segment as well as in the 
group segment, that is the employer-employee?  
 
The second question is related to the combined ratios items. We came 
up in the last call suggesting that the improvement in the combined ratio 
might be faster than the previous expectations. But in the first quarter, 
it was around 102% level vs 101.5% that we were expecting. So, sir, 
can you please help us understand if that is what you continue to think? 
And if so, then what would lead to that faster than expected 
improvement?  
 
And then just the third question is on the, in the underwriting profit 
segment-wise there was a significant improvement in miscellaneous 
group and corporate. So, can you please suggest what this precisely 
is?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Aditi, I will go in the same sequence. Let me start with corporate 
health. Again, pretty much similar to what Sanjeev explained on the 
motor side. As a thought process, I think when markets have been quite 
aggressive, we have obviously tried to take a guarded stance, but 
continued to stay invested in our distribution/ servicing capabilities.  
 
The same thought process is what we have even on the corporate 
health. I think market did see signs of stress for some time, at least in 
the last few years. That seems to be coming back, which is why even 
as a part of the opening remarks, we did call out to say that there seems 
to be pricing discipline coming back, particularly from players who have 
been very aggressive in writing this particular segment.  
 
So, obviously, now the fact that let's say pricing discipline is happening 
on corporate health, that obviously is giving us an opportunity, which is 
why as a segment, I think we have been able to outgrow the market at 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
an underwriting outcome, which is to our liking, which also responds to 
the last question that you asked in the context of, let's say, the 
corporate/ miscellaneous group segments in terms of the absolute 
outcome on the underwriting side.  
 
On the retail, I think obviously one keeps looking for what is the quality 
of the book that we want to write. I think we stay to the loss ratio 
thresholds that we have generally spoken about, which has been 
around 70% numbers on the retail health. I think that loss ratio band is 
something that we would obviously want to stay focused on and the fact 
that we have been able to launch this new health insurance solution will 
obviously  aid in terms of the loss ratio outcomes that we are  expecting 
for the rest of the year as well. And obviously, we continue to monitor 
the portfolio in terms of its development. We believe, we are fairly priced 
for the risk features that we have launched as a part of this solution. But 
as I said, at the end of the day, we would obviously want to see that 
particular segment operating in that loss ratio range of about 70%.  
 
On the second question in terms of the combined ratio trajectory, I think 
what we are seeing is obviously a directional improvement in the way 
we have been able to exhibit our combined ratio outcomes. But again 
as we keep saying, this has to be looked at in the context of the industry 
movement on combined. The good news is again, what we called out, 
at least basis public disclosure on the full-year numbers for FY2024, 
has been relatively better than FY2023 by almost 4% points 
improvement in combined for the overall market.  
Now obviously, if this trend line continues and within that motor has 
seen almost again a 3% to 4% improvement from an overall industry 
standpoint. If this trend line was to further continue for the rest of the 
year, I think we believe that we should be able to kind of stick to our Q4 
combined ratio thought process that we have of about 101.5%. I think 
we should be able to get to that trajectory by the end of the year. So, 
that's in response to the second one.  
 
The last one, I will keep saying that an absolute underwriting outcome 
in itself may not mean much, particularly when you look at it in a 
quarterly context because as we know that whenever you end up doing 
relatively higher growth, this could be across any segment, the relative 
cost of acquisition comes and hits you upfront. But all that we can say 
for sure is hence to keep looking at the combined ratio numbers  
 
The good news is as I said the fact that we have been able to write a 
risk portfolio which is to our underwriting outcome, and hence to that 
extent the combined ratio trajectory for the company as a whole has 
been in line with what we would want to see ourselves at.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Aditi Joshi: 
Just a clarification. What categories come under the miscellaneous in 
this disclosure, please? 
Gopal Balachandran:   So anything which is not covered by the rest of the segments for which 
there is a separate disclosure that is put out, all of them come as a part 
of the miscellaneous segment.  
Aditi Joshi: 
So that will include the engineering part in it.  
Gopal Balachandran: Yeah, so all those separate segments that have been specifically put 
out in terms of regulatory prescriptions have been put out separately. 
Anything which is not there as a part of those separately laid out 
requirement, they will all form a part of miscellaneous. That is correct.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, on the health ratio, loss ratio front, there is an increase from 78.7% 
to 83.6%. What is this really reflective of, are there any adverse trends 
that we have seen in the quarter and how should we think about this? 
That would be my first one.  
 
Second is on the motor strategy, wherein you have spoken about the 
older vehicles' growth has been stronger. Generally, you know, OEM 
channel has been our strength and that generally drives our growth in 
the new vehicle business. So, what's differently we have done to grow 
the older vehicle channel? It's digital where we have become more 
competitive or it's through the agents' channel. How has this kind of 
come across and whether that's sustainable?  
 
And lastly, on the motor TP price hike, with this kind of loss ratio 
trending, do we really envisage a price hike coming this year or even 
for that matter, if it sustains anytime soon, what is price hike we should 
work with? Those would be my three questions.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thanks, Prayesh, for your question. On the health side, in particular, 
where we see relatively increased loss ratio, I think Gopal in a way also 
spoke about it as to where we expect it to be around. There are two 
segments, which is retail health and then the other part is the group 
health.  
 
But that being said, there is no denial of the fact that we have seen a 
relative increase in frequency which has impacted the loss ratio overall. 
Also, from what we are aware of, it has been at the industry level. And 
it is something which is witnessed across is what we are understanding. 
Whether this trend will be secular and will be there, quarter 2 typically 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
has an elevated loss ratio because of the monsoon that comes in. There 
are vector borne diseases, which can have an impact over on this.  
 
But for us, since we have also launched the product, which is expected 
to do well, I think the mix should also play out over coming quarters to 
help us in rebalancing our book and we remain committed to the overall 
health as a segment and more so on the retail health, which we want to 
continue to invest and grow. So, that's the first part as far as health is 
concerned. 
 
On motor per se as a strategy where it stands new and old, so it's not 
that the new part, which we have shared the numbers also has not done 
well for us, we have done well on the new side, but it is the growth of 
old which has also significantly exceeded new. Both sections have done 
well, but definitely old has grown at double the rate of what new has 
grown as far as the company and that has helped us rebalancing it. 
Agency also has done well and other channels also from wherever we 
are able to source motor like broking channel has done well. 
 
In terms of overall strategy, we are deeply entrenched in every single 
section, whether it is private car, two-wheeler and commercial vehicle, 
we will continue to explore opportunities. There is a lot of work that has 
been done by our actuary as well as underwriting in terms of further 
micro-segmenting the market to create white spaces and see if we can 
do further business in that.  
 
On motor TP hike, the last part that you have spoken about, look, I 
mean, this is something which comes under the regulatory requirement. 
We continue to pursue because at the industry level, there is still a need 
in some segments to see an increase and maybe there are some 
segments where there can be a decrease also on third party to overall 
rebalance the book. And it is not only for growth. It is also for us as an 
entity, if that pricing factor comes in since it is regulated, it will help us 
to further expand our market. That's what it is Prayesh from our side. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just clarification on motor part. So, have we, you know, like in the last 
6 to 9 months got more competitive in terms of pricing or what has been 
the change in the approach of ours which has, one, obviously, the 
industry trends have been feasible, but even from our side, what 
changes we have done with respect to pricing? Does that play a role?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yes, obviously, there is an element of pricing, but we have continued to 
be in a similar journey to be very honest. Others have, who were far 
more aggressive, recalibrated it and that gain also has accrued to us. It 
is not that we have gone dramatically on the price cut side. We have 
stayed moderate in the zone, which is what we have always been 
talking to each one of you. It's just that the others who were being far 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
more aggressive in the market have gone ahead and taken some more 
of control in terms of numbers  
 
So, that's where it stands. We have been consistent and also 
moderating whichever way we want to acquire in the market that we 
want to acquire, we have done what is required to stay valid in those.  
 
Another piece which is there is the PPN network that we have started 
leveraging very extensively and today, we would be on the agency and 
direct side, we have got almost 70% of our claims which are being 
processed at the PPN network, which is the preferred partner network 
that we have. That drives significant efficiency also for us overall and 
helps us in the motor profitability.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
My question is on health insurance product. What is the underwriting 
process or philosophy in that product given that pricing is quite 
attractive? So, how are we controlling underwriting at the customer 
origination level? And what are the rejection rates for that product?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, pricing obviously is a function of our own modeling that we have 
done and clearly I would say that we are aware of what we are doing. 
Further details in terms of what is the rejection and all, I mean, honestly, 
we would not like to share that. But yes, the business is, since there is 
a decent pull, besides we launching this product, it does give us the 
leeway of underwriting what we believe will make sense and the ones 
which will not, we wouldn't.  
 
So, it's at a simple level. And if you see the construct of the product 
which is very important, if you all have not seen it, you must go through 
it. It's a very modular product where the features are available as Add-
on. So, it's up to the customer whether they want to pick it up and all. 
So, there is a risk pricing element that has got created which otherwise 
was not the case. So, it was one shoe fit all kind of a product which will 
say that this is what's available. But in this you go through a modular 
model. They say that this is the core which you will get, and there are 
features, if they suit your requirement, you must opt for it. So, it avoids 
mis-selling and at the same time, it allows us to price the risk 
appropriately.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from 
UBS Securities. Please go ahead.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, three questions. First is on the duration of the book and the things 
which worked well. Second is on the retentions have been given are 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
fewer and are lower. So, commissions should have been a little lower. 
Is it the motor of the mix which has come up and driving the higher 
commissions as in last Q1? And third is more towards today’s incident 
of the global IT outage. Wanted to understand any cyber insurance, 
from the cyber insurance risk perspective, are we seeing any impact or 
how should we work the things about it? Though the portfolio might be 
little small, but just wanted some thoughts here.  
Gopal Balachandran: Maybe I will take the last one first. So, I think, obviously too early to call 
out because it's like a cyclone happening and can we kind of estimate 
what will be the impact of losses that has hit our book. So, obviously, it 
will take a while for us, if at all there is any impact so far as claims is 
concerned. But again, just going back to the underwriting discipline, 
what we have tried to do from an underwriting standpoint is obviously 
to  write and risk select books which we think will be within our 
underwriting appetite.  
 
And hence, end of the day, whatever underwriting we do, we are in the 
business of paying claims. And therefore to that extent, if there is 
genuinely a claim, and obviously to that extent, we will honor those 
commitments. But too early to call out, but obviously maybe in the 
subsequent quarter, we will be able to give you a much better update in 
terms of where we are consequent to this outage that one would have 
possibly seen.  
 
To your first point, in terms of what is the duration of the book, the 
duration of the book currently is at about 5.48 years This is something 
if you recollect, I think we have been obviously taking advantage of the 
higher interest rate regime over the last couple of years. And that again  
augurs very well in terms of the portfolio interest accruals and we are 
well-positioned to capitalize the opportunity depending on how the 
interest rate cycles move in the market.  
 
So, that's what we keep doing. It's not just in this period. I think even 
over years, when we have seen periods of high interest rate regime, 
during those times, we have obviously tried to go long. And as possibly 
the cycle of interest rate starts to reverse, we have been able to see the 
benefit of maybe higher realization getting accrued towards in terms of 
capital gains and obviously till that time, higher interest accruals. So, 
that's the response to the duration of the portfolio.  
 
On the second question, if I got you right on the commission ratios, 
again, as I  explained earlier, I think at the end of the day what we will 
be largely guided by the combined ratio objective, which will obviously 
be a function of what is it that one sees on the loss ratio and what is it 
that one sees on the expense of management.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
To call out one over the other honestly for us may not be the right thing 
because that's the inherent nature of the business that we are in. We 
are a multi-product, multi-distribution set-up, we source different type of 
businesses and therefore each business mix will have an outcome 
which will be very different. So, hence, again just to reiterate, we stand 
committed to the trajectory of the declining combined ratio that we have 
spoken about and at the end of the year, assuming the market 
continues to  show improved trajectory, we stand committed to see a 
combined ratio which is Q4 FY2025 exit of about 101.5%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Avinash Singh: 
Couple of questions. The first one, if you can help again on motor where 
you explained that share of old had gone up. How it has panned out in 
various distribution channels, I mean, agents, or is it gaining share from 
other peers at the OEM dealer point or is it something to do with the 
new corporate broker or online broker tie up you have done? That's one.  
 
Second is, I mean, if I look at the motor third party loss ratio of 69% for 
the quarter, is it just based on this quarter or is there some support 
coming? Because if I see the industry, you are the only one who has in 
motor TP for FY2022 or FY2023, you have not taken any kind of a year 
TP ratio so far. So, is the 69% now getting some support from this 
quarter only? And if you can give some kind of idea that how, if, I mean, 
in the Ind AS, when reserve discounting is allowed, how the 69% would 
typically look?  
Gopal Balachandran: Maybe I will take the second one and maybe I will  respond to the couple 
of questions on TP loss ratios and maybe the related impact on the Ind 
AS front. Let me start with the reverse order.  Ind AS for us is work in 
progress. And as I have been saying, even in the earlier calls, we will 
come back to the market at an appropriate time to talk about what 
exactly will be the relative impact when we transition to the Ind AS from 
a discounting of reserve standpoint.  
 
But one element which I will again keep retreating is irrespective of 
whether it is Indian GAAP or whether it is a transition to Ind AS, the 
underlying economic profit of the business that we are writing is not 
undergoing a change. It's more a reflection of what profits you see under 
the current accounting prescription vis a vis let's say a changed 
accounting prescription. That could be the only dynamic, but the core 
underwriting objective or let's say the economic outcome will be 
something that we will be largely working towards in terms of its 
outcome. Specific numbers, we will wait for a couple of quarters to come 
back. 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
On the third party loss ratio, Avinash, I think again, which is why one 
called out at the beginning to say what is the range that one is 
comfortable with in terms of the third party loss ratio outcomes. But 
having said that, I think you are absolutely right. Does it make sense to 
look at the number more on a quarterly basis is something that we again 
keep talking about. I think, ideally all of you understand this far better. 
Particularly on third party, this is a segment which you have to look at 
numbers over long term. Hence, the range is something that we have 
talked about, and that's what we will possibly end up doing in terms of 
the mix of the business that we write within private car, two-wheeler and 
commercial vehicles. And that's what we keep revisiting. Forget about 
the numbers that we put out on a quarterly basis to all of you, internally 
for us, it's on an everyday basis in terms of the way how we risk select 
portfolios between private car, two-wheeler and commercial vehicles. 
So, hence, I think the range, just to reiterate, on third party, what we 
would be comfortable is within the range of 65% to 70%. And obviously, 
the experiences on third party book has to be looked at over longer 
cycles.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Also, on the motor in terms of the old part, as I mentioned in the previous 
question that was asked, our growth has been across channels. Clearly, 
there is no way the old can grow at double the rate of new if we don't 
have better retention coming from our dealer network. So, that also has 
played out. And that being said, even the agency as well as the website 
and broking business has contributed. But it is not something which is 
that one of the few which has delivered. It's been overall a very, very 
comprehensive, well-thought plan.  
 
Again, it's a question of where we believe we are able to derive value 
for sourcing. If we see that over the coming quarters not playing out, we 
may choose to stay where we are. So, these are all very dynamic calls 
that we have to take as an entity on real-time basis. And fortunately, as 
far as private car in particular, which is almost 51% of our motor book, 
the ability to read the own damage numbers is pretty current. And we 
don't have to wait to see it play out. These calls we will take on a virtually 
month to month basis.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from the line of Supratim Datta 
from Ambit. Please go ahead.  
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the recent IRDAI change with respect to 
commissions for long-term motor policies. Now, the commission limit 
has been done away with. So, just wanted to know your observation 
that how do you see this playing out in the industry and what impact 
could this have? That would be the first one.  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
The second one is, when I look at the quarterly numbers, there appears 
to be a provision release of around ₹ 355 million. Now there was a lower 
kind of provision release last year in the first quarter as well. Just 
wanted to understand why does this keep happening in the first quarter 
and is there something that we need to be cognizant of going forward? 
That would be my second question. 
 
And lastly, on the health insurance space, if you could help us 
understand what is the profile of customer that you are targeting with 
this new product and what was the retail versus group loss ratio 
breakdown for this quarter?  
Gopal Balachandran: So maybe I will go in the same sequence. On the IRDAI recent 
guidelines on accounting for long term, I think at this point of time, we 
would not want to put out specifically in terms of what the impact could 
be. Primarily because at this stage, as you all know, the regulator has 
rightly put forth the implementation of this to be deferred for a couple of 
quarters and in the interim obviously industry and the regulator will work 
to see what finally and in which shape and form does this guideline 
eventually translate into. So honestly, maybe at that point of time, once 
we have a finality to the way how this will get played out, is when we 
will call out in terms of what impact could it have on the overall book.  
 
To your second point, Supratim, if I got you correct, this ₹ 355 million 
provision, are you referring it in the context of any specific line item?  
Supratim Datta: 
Yeah, it's the provision for diminutive investments.  
Gopal Balachandran: Understood. All right. So, which is what I was just wanting to try to 
understand. So, obviously, that's again a function of what does one see. 
We do have our own impairment policies, which is more internal, that 
we have put in place. And that obviously gets assessed on a time to 
time basis. What effectively happens is in case if we find that a particular 
value of a stock has reached a price which we believe is right, then to 
that extent, obviously we take calls in terms of making an exit and 
whenever we take calls to exit maybe that particular stock, at that point 
of time, this is more an accounting reflection.  
 
As in at that point of time, one would see a reversal of the provision for 
impairment happening in the quarter in which the call to exit the stock 
would have been taken, and correspondingly there would be an element 
of capital gain, as one would have possibly seen given the fact that we 
have seen the value of the stock reaching a price at which we are 
comfortable to take that call.  
 
So, there is no unusual or specific instance that one has seen 
specifically happening in quarter 1 that is more coincidental than 

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
because as I said, it's more a call that the investment as a treasury 
function does basis individual stock that one picks.  
 
To your point on the last one, which is with respect to the health 
insurance segment in terms of what profile of customers that we want 
to underwrite obviously is across bands. I guess, again, if you look at 
the entry age of this particular health insurance solutions that we have, 
that's again something that we have been able to kind of expand. I think 
it starts from 18 and it goes on to whichever age limit that one would 
want to kind of get in as a part of the portfolio underwriting.  
 
So, therefore, the endeavor for us is not that we would want to pick and 
choose any particular category of customers. Our endeavor is, I think 
again what Sanjeev mentioned, I think the good part of the solution is 
what we want to create as an offering is something that will be more 
unique and personal to an individual and hence to that extent, whatever 
is the right health insurance solution for that customer or that individual 
is what we would want to recommend as a part of the solution. That's 
the profile of customers that one would want to write and that could cut 
across various age groups, that could cut across various geographies, 
that could cut across various limits of sum insured expectations 
because each customer will have its own expectations. So, that's what 
I would leave it with. 
 
And finally, just on the loss ratios front, I think, again, as we have 
spoken, quarterly numbers again may not be largely reflective of what 
the portfolio experience of the overall book will be. Again, just to 
reiterate, the corporate health or the group health book is something 
that we would see on a full year basis at a loss ratio range anywhere 
between 94% to 95%. That's the range that we have spoken about even 
in the past and retail health indemnity again we have spoken about a 
loss ratio of about 70%. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Just one last one on, obviously the target which we want to have is 
healthy lives. It's very difficult and I can share with you quickly, if you 
only write younger population, the persistency drops because they have 
a tendency to move away if they have some other expenses to incur. 
So, it's a healthy mix of young as well as relatively older population, is 
the mix that we have. The idea is to overall source as much as possible 
healthy lives. That is the criteria that it works on. Each one of it comes 
with its own set of challenges.  
Supratim Datta: 
That's absolutely fair, Sanjeev. Just one clarification. So, you have 
called out that the relative increase in claim frequency within the health 
insurance portfolio. Now was that at a retail level or a group health 
level?  

 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 19, 2024  
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So see, I tell you. It's important to understand whether we write group 
or we write retail, the unit when it comes to report sickness is an 
individual customer, the mode of writing is of no consequence. So the 
elevated frequency would come at a category level, you know, whether 
it is individual or group. I hope you are able to understand. It's always 
the category that we are seeing more people falling sick. Which manner 
they will come, whether they will come from group or retail is part of the 
process of how the product of health insurance has been picked up by 
them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as a last question 
for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri for closing comments.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Great. I think thank you so much for joining in and wish you all a great 
quarter 2 and look forward to connecting with you individually as and 
when you are visiting our offices. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:              Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other 
risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there. 
 
