 
             PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office : 616, Tulsiani Chambers, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400021, Maharashtra 
Phone : 022 22828172/69061600, E-mail : corporate@patanjalifoods.co.in, www.patanjalifoods.com 
 
 
PFL/2024                                                                                                                                                                   July 09, 2024 
 
To 
BSE Ltd.                                                                                        
               National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Floor No. 25,                                                                                                     Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,                                                                         Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street,                                                                                                      Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001                                                                                          Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code : 500368 
 
 
                               NSE Symbol: PATANJALI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors/Analyst meet held on July 02, 2024 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated July 02, 2024 regarding audio recording of 
Investors/Analyst meet held on July 02, 2024. Please find attached transcript of the said 
Investors/Analyst meet.  
 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the website of the Company at 
www.patanjalifoods.com.   
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
 
Ramji Lal Gupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ramji 
Lal 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Ramji Lal 
Gupta 
Date: 2024.07.09 
17:37:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Patanjali Foods Limited 
Analyst and Investor Meeting” 
July 02, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on July 02, 2024, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SWAMI RAMDEV – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV ASTHANA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. KUMAR RAJESH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PATANJALI FOODS LIMITED 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
First of all, good afternoon and welcome to this Analyst and Investor Meeting that we are having 
today on a very historic occasion. You all have seen on the media posts that we did yesterday on 
the filings at the exchange, the Board of Directors approved a very large transaction of our HPC 
business, Home and Personal Care business of INR2,800 crores, highly profitable, on a slump 
sale basis at a cost which is, some of our big investor friends were saying it's almost historical, 
a lot of feedback what we got. And this is a very important milestone in our journey, this is the 
third acquisition that we have done after the biscuits business that we acquired 2.5 years back. 
Last year we acquired our foods business from Patanjali, both were done on the slump sale basis 
and this is the third business on the Home and Personal Care that we are acquiring. And just to 
give you a flavour and a context that both the businesses that we acquired, once they came under 
the listed entity, we have not only grown them at a huge sort of scale, nearly 60% and 50%, we 
have increased the profitability, we have repositioned the company at a completely different 
level. 
But I will not come in between this, I have got a detailed presentation, but first I am going to 
request Pujya Swamiji to address all of you in terms of what is his vision, his mindset, his 
orientation towards Patanjali overall, how he sees the transaction and what is the vision he is 
drawing for all of us in terms of where he sees the company three years down the line, five years 
down the line and in general his own orientation towards everything that Patanjali does. So we 
would request Swamiji to come and address all of us. 
Swami Ramdev: 
Namaste, Pranaam to all. Please smile, you are sitting very serious. There are some people who 
are under stress due to political reasons, some due to business issues, some due to their husbands, 
some due to their wives, some due to their children. Where you are not the reason, 99% of the 
time you are under stress. It is someone else's fault, if something else is happening, it will be 
fine, you are fine. 
So anyway, you should have a positive mindset. I have attended thousands of seminars across 
the country, I have travelled more than 25 lakh kilometers. I have studied in a government school 
in Gurukul and I had come out of the house with a resolution that something big should be done 
for the country. 
I have heard that people study in IIMs, IITs, in big institutions like Oxford, Harvard, Stanford 
and in big business schools and sell foreign companies' soaps, shampoos and toothpastes. So we 
can create something big. With this resolution, I started my journey 35 years ago. I have been 
doing yoga for 50 years and my biological age is only 25 years. Some say I am 56, some say I 
am 58. Someone has made me old. 
My age is written somewhere. Then people ask me, what is your real age? I say, when people 
are beating me up, let them beat me up, no problem. Anyway, it is not about age. The point is 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
that we should do something big on our own. And when you go out to do something big, the 
country also stands by you. 
 
People always say negative things. People don't support you, the society doesn't support you, 
the family doesn't support you. At least you go out. I say, people supported me. The yoga that 
was on the path, I took it to the peak. Ayurveda has reached a great height. 
And the Swadeshi movement, which we started by listening to it, has taken a very big shape 
today. Like our CEO Asthana ji was telling you, Patanjali Foods, which was formerly known as 
Ruchi Soya Company, has been on this journey for over 35 years. After the launch of the 
company's IPO, we merged Patanjali's whole portfolio of biscuits in just INR62 crores, which 
had a revenue of about INR 1,000 crores, which has now increased to INR1,600 crores.  
Nowadays, how much revenue, how much EBITDA, and how much will be its multiple, on the 
basis of this, whether it is a related party or a new party, or if you do an acquisition of a business, 
so based on the multiple and its various aspects everyone calculate it. So biscuits, whose value 
was very high, in a slump sale of INR62 crores, you know that in a slump sale, land, buildings, 
and that too is based on book value, machinery, plant, stock, on the basis of that, there is a slump 
sale value. Food, which was a business of INR4,000 crores, which has now increased to 
INR7,250 crores. 
In INR690 crores, it was transferred at the slump sale value. Today, the business, which is a very 
core business of Patanjali, which is called personal care, hair care, dental care, skin care, which 
has a lot of potential . Today-in dental care, Dant Kanti is the number onein more than half of 
India. 
This is a big achievement and for this, 35 years of indirect and for the last 20 years, there has 
been direct hard work, penance, there has been innovation, thousands of people have worked 
hard for distribution, then it became possible. Now, recently, before the merger, we have 
launched a new product in Dant Kanti category, Dant Kanti Fresh.(7:11) We have roped in Tiger 
Shroff and Tamannaah Bhatia  as the brand ambassadors to connect with the youth, because 
youth use freshness more. The stock that we had made for 15 days, that was finished in 3 days. 
Then, because our Essel group makes tubes, they make about 60 crores tubes for us. Now, our 
goal is to make 100 crores tubes. Their team came and said whatever capacity you want to 
increase, we are ready to increase it, you just take it further. It took us 15-20 days to reach 
different places. 
In one month, we have reached about 5 lakh direct, and 10 lakh indirect stores. This is the story 
of our success. In one month. This is a very big thingWhen we supplied to 5 lakh stores directly, 
and 10 lakh stores indirectly, we received 3-4 repeat orders from those 5 lakh direct, and 10 lakh 
indirect stores.So, this is the story of Patanjali's success. 
It is true that in between, for 2-3 years, we had reduced the cost of product sales, distribution, 
and marketing. Now, this is all a matter of cost, we have to put in something. Now, Dant Kanti, 
in India, will take time. Because, when I used to talk about Swadeshi 30-40 years ago, people 
used to say, Sir, who can challenge Colgate? Who can challenge Close up? In this category, 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
there is no effective brand in India. Now, in the next 3-5 years or, it may take a little longer for 
some things. This is not a straight line. But, , our target is to achieve 50% plus market share in 
every category whether it is the dental category, hair care, dental care, and skin care. In skin 
care, it will take some time for skin care as it is a critical matter. But, slowly we will achieve our 
target. Like today, Patanjali aloe vera gel sells around 70%-80% in  the whole of India. 
Today, 60%-70% of cow ghee sold in this country is of Patanjalis, we have established our brand 
in such a way that. In this country, we have created the records. Today, in the Hair care category 
we have our Kesh Kanti brand. For hair oil and shampoo, our target is to reach INR1,000 crores 
plus.  
In dental care category, our target is to reach INR2,000 crores plus. I am telling you a little less 
target. Mr. Asthana is looking at me, Swamiji, it will take a lot of effort to do this. I will support 
you, I will not leave you alone. Within the next 3-5 years, it can be INR 2,000 crores-INR 2,500 
crores, but I am talking about the conservative side of INR 2,000 crores because you people have 
taught us, less promise, promise over delivery. So we are working on this concept. So we are  
targeting  INR2,000 crores plus is Dant Kanti in dental category. 
In skin care also, our target is INR2,000 crores-INR2500 crores plus, and later we will reach 
INR5,000 crores plus. Now we are doing INR700 crores plus. It will take some time, but we will 
do it. Because now people want to go back to nature. Many people have tried work arounds, but 
nothing happened. 
Nothing beautiful happened. We sell Aloevera gel for INR175 crores plus. To make it   INR500 
crores plus, is not a big deal for us. We have to make people more aware. Today, if someone has 
any skin problem, whether it is rashes, pimples, wrinkles, some pimples keep coming out, 
sometimes you eat more mangoes, sometimes you eat more chillies, sometimes it rains more, 
humidity increases, pimples come out. In 99% cases, it just takes 3-7 days to get the normal and 
clear skin. 
These are big things. People should be aware. Today, when I go on a flight, the air hostess says, 
we apply your AloeVera Gel. In news channels, or in different entertainment channels, whether 
it is GEC  or news, the anchors say, they have to put on so much makeup, later they use Aloevera 
gel to remove the makeup, and they apply it again after removing make up, or else the skin will 
get damaged. So people want it. I am not telling you a story. 
So there is a scope to do a lot in the skin category. About Face wash, Patanjali's face wash is 
ultimate. Today, some samples are being given – not for any inducement. Some people say, we 
have ethics, we don't take gifts from anyone. God has given you the biggest human head, what 
have you paid for it? It is a human body. It is a gift from God. It is a human body. 
So we are not giving you a gift, we are giving you an introduction. You see, we have given some 
products. Sanjeev Asthana ji is a little greedy in this matter. I thought he would give 25-30 
products. I saw a small bag with few of our products packed in it are being given. At least, we 
have more than 200 products. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Non-food business, personal care, home care products consists of More than 200 products. 
SKU's. So, about 50 products are made. So, he has given you 15-20 as a gift. So, you will get an 
introduction. Very amazing things. Face wash is ultimate. 
Bathing soap is ultimate. Neem, Panchgavya, Aloe Vera, Haldi Chandan. These are opaque 
soaps. Then there are transparent soaps,  80% of them have coconut oil. Very premium soaps. 
Then there are shower gels. So everything is ultimate. We will increase it further. So, each 
category is around INR1,000 crores, INR2,000 crores. By increasing it like this, first INR5,000 
crores, then INR10,000 crores. It will take time. This is a very big amount. And what we have 
said, we have done. Some will take 3 years. Some will take 5 years. Some will take 7 years. But, 
the resolution we have taken, we have not backed off from it. There is only one formula of my 
life - Resolution without alternative. Until my goal is achieved, I will keep going with full 
determination and spirit One day, we will reach our destination. 
With the same resolution, we have reached here today. And without any selfishness. Without 
any selfishness, We work hard and we are a proof of  the concept of trusteeship, if someone wins 
it in a real way, then it is Swami Ramdev, Patanjali, Acharya Balkrishna Ji. 
We have only one goal. Investors, whether they are retired or institutional, whoever they are, 
they should also earn. And they should also create wealth in their life. But, our share, is for the 
service of 100% of the society. We work with this resolution. So, with this resolution, we have 
moved forward. 
We will move forward. And, I have told you a small vision. The business of non-food, personal 
care and home care. Even in home care, we have amazing products. I will talk about 2-3 
products. There are around 10 such products. If we count from the top, Kesh Kanti, Dant Kanti, 
Aloe Vera, our face washes, our bathing soaps and, in this, the amazing products, the premium 
products, the premium category, we have just launched it. And, some people say, Patanjali, is a 
masses brand. But, even for classes, we have launched many premium products. 
We have done research and innovation. We have launched it. For example, I will talk about 
home care. So Gonyle. People used to apply phenyl in their homes. Gonyle is such a product, 
that, whether, we talk about its efficacy, on bacteria, virus, fungus, whether, we talk about its 
feel, whether, how much it is consumed, we talk about it. It is an amazing product. And, in India, 
for the first time, we did this. We gave Gonyle as an alternative to phenyl. 
It is a very big product in itself. In which, in the coming time, it has the capacity to be a brand 
worth INR500 crores to INR1,000 crores. If we work a little on it, then it will happen. Why not? 
People are selling white water in bottles. This is an amazing product. It is tested. It is a scientific 
product. We have made it with innovation. We add cheed oil to it. We add guduchi to it. We use 
neem. We use cow dung. It is an amazing product in itself. So Gonyle. 
Similarly, we have Dish wash Bar, which is available, we will build its capacity further. 
Meaning, today, in it, it is about, how much is it now, sir? It is our product worth INR250 to 
INR300 crores. Dish wash Bar. It is worth INR200 crores plus. We will be able to do INR500 
crores in the future easily. And in the future, it has a capacity of INR1,000 crores plus. All this, 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
to clean the utensils, the soaps that are made only with chemicals, people's hands are getting 
spoiled because of it. 
It has a negative effect. The mothers who, clean the utensils at home, or the women who clean 
the utensils themselves, their hands are getting spoiled. Patanjali's, Super Dish Wash Bar, is 
advertised by women. So, it is worth INR240 crores. It has a capacity of INR500 crores, and we 
can do it INR1,000 crores more. That is its capability. 
At the end of the program, we have prepared the ad campaign in the same way. We had spent 
money in the middle. The amount we spent, I have seen, if we spend INR100 crores, we can 
build a brand worth INR1.000 crores. This is my experience. Which, does not match the 
standards of the industry. People say initially at least, 50%, then 30%, then 20%, then 10%, is 
to be spent on advertising. 
We have built the brands at 10%, where people spend 10% just for the sustainability of the 
brands. So, these are such big products. Rest, from Herbal Wash, Herbo Wash, we have worked 
very hard to make these products. 
In skin products, whether it is anti-wrinkle cream, anti-aging cream, or gold cream all these 
products, we have innovated, because, their formulation, their aging, their effect, there are no 
complications, we have worked very hard on this delicate topic, skin. So I gave you a brief, 
about the business that is being transferred, and, all the work has been done. Some small 
formalities are still left. 
How long are you going to put in for shareholder approval? Yes, put it in as soon as possible. 
Shareholder approval, regulatory, everyone is feeling joy at this news. Very few people thanked 
me, instead, they asked mewhy did you give it in so less? I said it was you people who told me, 
that make a lot of money for the investors.  
So their question is what is your goal in this? Our goal is to grow Patanjali. Our goal is growth 
of the investors. And when Patanjali becomes big and when investors become big, then we will 
become big on our own. In the corporate history of today, thousands of crores, which have a 
value of at least INR30,000 crores to INR50,000 crores in the market, in the capital market, in 
the equity market, which you multiply, INR30,000 crores to INR50,000 crores value, at least 
people get it. 
From today, 10 years ago, 7-8 years ago, when people used to value Patanjali, they used to say 
Patanjali has a brand equity of around INR1,00,000 crores. Today, when we have transferred 
business, we have done it with a resolution that we all should move forward for a long journey 
as a team and we will move forward. Earlier, I had promised that we, at any cost, you will 
remember when we had launched FPO then also then I keep meeting different events, I have met 
at least 4 times, 5 times with the investors. So I said, at any cost we will not only match, we will 
meet it and give more than that.  
So this is not a matter of giving and taking. It is a matter of doing something big. So we want 
Patanjali to become the biggest brand of the country and spread it all over the world. Today, 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Patanjali has become the number one food brand in the country. For this, I would like to thank 
you. You have given us the strength and we have worked hard to take it forward. Today, there 
is one brand that is ahead of us Unilever.  
Now, I will say this in a funny way. I am going to do Asana. So some companies will be toppled 
/ dethroned and then Bharat Mata will sit on the throne and we have a dream of self-sufficiency 
from Swadeshi. We will see it happening in front of our eyes. So after saying a few more things. 
People ask what is the distribution of Patanjali? Patanjali has a biscuit distribution, a food 
distribution and a non-food distribution. We were 10 lakh shops before then 5 lakh shops were 
added then 8 lakh shops were added.  
Now 20 lakh shops have our direct distribution and 20 lakh shops have our indirect distribution. 
Today, we have reached the distribution between 40 lakh and 50 lakh. Our reach is 100 crores 
and we have customized the reach of that 100 crores. Now in that, we can reach our product 
portfolio to their homes as much as possible. This is our target. That our range reaches there as 
much as possible and we can deliver very healthy, affordable and premium products to them.  
With this resolution we are moving forward with this journey. Rest the work of the figures is of 
our respected Mr. Asthana. You always have the recognition of our Mr. Asthana in a 
conservative way. Whenever I go to the investors' meet, I am going to go again from 21st, first 
America then Britain then Singapore. We will definitely go to the foreigners. We will invest 
their money in good work. They will also earn some good, but our Indians are also not less. They 
also have a lot of strength. So, we thank you a lot.  
Our Indian investors ie retail and institutional investors’ strength has increased a lot. Your 
contribution has increased a lot and we want your contribution to increase even more. We don't 
want to defeat anyone, but we want to increase ourselves so much that we can build bigger 
structures. So, I have a broad vision in front of you. Patanjali's palm plantation work is also 
moving fast you must have seen it.  
We have planted about 20 lakh acres of land. We want India to become self-reliant in edible oil. 
We are working for that. There are three, four new initiatives we are going to give a live 
presentation on that. Mr. Dhoni who is a very good brand ambassador has joined us in edible 
oil. I was talking to you about Tiger Shroff and Tamannaah Bhatia. Our new ad launches of 
Ghee are also very good. I was talking to you about Gonyle and Dish wash bar. So you will see 
new creations you will see how to connect with the new generation. We want to take it to a new 
level.  
First we want to become a winner in the country and then we want to be ready to become a world 
winner. When Colgate can be the number one brand in the dental category, why can't Dant Kanti 
be the number one brand? This is our dream. I was talking to you about one brand. In the same 
way, we will give strength to export as well, we will give strength to online as well. We will 
fulfill our big goal and dreams. You all invited us with so much love. This was a limited meeting.  
We were able to meet you in a small place. If we invite you openly without an invitation I think 
we will have to meet 5,000, 10,000 people. For this, I would like to thank Mr. Kirti Doshi. I 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
would like to thank him and his team. I would like to thank you all for your valuable time. I 
would like to thank you all for your faith in me and Patanjali. I would like to thank you all for 
your faith in me and Patanjali. I would like to thank you all for your faith in me and Patanjali. 
You and we would together we would achieve new heights. I wish you a good luck. Respected 
Asthana ji for further presentation. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
It is not easy to speak after Swamiji because he speaks so impressively. So I will speak in brief. 
Generally my speech becomes boring and everyone gets less interested. So, I will take some 
time. 
Swami Ramdev: 
Mr. Asthana is a very capable man. Please clap for him and encourage him. When a great 
wrestler steps down people get disappointed. By the way you are very courageous. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So, a quick presentation before you. Patanjali's version 1 and version 2 are very popular now. 
When we acquired the version in the first stage, our FMCG share was less than 5% in the 
business. After that, we did a lot of activities. Our version 2 which lasted for 2.5 years, we 
acquired biscuits, we took it from INR1,000 crores to INR1,600 crores, we acquired food, we 
took it from INR4,000 crores to INR7,000 crores, we launched the Nutraceutical business, we 
restructured the balance sheet, we paid off the debt. And now, Patanjali is ready for version 3 in 
which a major change is coming. 
The HPC business that we are acquiring today, you have the details and I will tell you. Under 
that, we did our best to acquire the business and done premiumization. Now the focus is on how 
we can take version 3 of Patanjali, become a consolidated FMCG entity become growth-oriented 
and grow in a highly profitable area and how to increase it. Our turnover was INR2,771 crores 
which is almost INR500 crores EBITDA margin.  
The terms of acquisition very quickly the slump sale value is INR1100 crores in which the 
inventory alone is INR500 crores, rest the land, plant and machinery and the total building is 
INR1,100 crores which is almost 2 years EBITDA. And if you look at the past track record, we 
had paid INR62 crores for biscuits. Our last year's biscuits alone had a profit of around INR125 
crores.  
So within a matter of 2 years the cost we paid doubled our margin, in the same way we have 
grown in food. So the cost we are paying, the existing EBITDA, and the growth we achieve, I 
think with a 1.25 year earning we can get this business virtually in that cost. The second term is 
our 20-year licensing agreement in which we will give Patanjali a 3% license fee in which all 
the patents, all the brands, all the intellectual property they have, will come to Patanjali Foods 
which we will make and grow, and it is for 3 years, 4 years. 
And I would also like to say, that our synergies which I mentioned later, but it is right to say 
here that the synergies we will bring, we estimate that in 18 months to 2 years, 200 basis points 
we will increase the margin by 2%, through our supply chain efficiency, through distribution 
efficiency, through our marketing consolidation and how we will change the ground level forces. 
So the net cost of current value also less than 1% of the license fee will be left out and we believe 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
that within 2 years, we can increase this margin almost nearly 1.5 times to 2 times, because that 
is the kind of potential which the business has. So, we will grow it consistently. 
We have four segments in the business as we just discussed in which there is home care, personal 
care, skin care and dental care. We have 92 products, 186 SKUs which are coming to our 
business and the strong competitive edge of the business is that the positioning of Ayurvedic, 
the positioning of natural, the positioning of health and the positioning of natural, is a very strong 
positioning of ours around the HPC business which we will increase further.  
 
In the business segment, one by one, I will keep addressing as Swamiji has already told a lot, 
but just the specifics, the numbers. So, in dental care we have INR1,345 crores which is almost 
nearly 50% of our business. We have a gross margin of 56%. 
 
We have 24% EBITDA, 9 products and 31 SKUs. A lot of changes we have done, which you 
can see in our ads and it has already come on television. But just as a recap, you will see, that a 
very strong, largest category, according to our estimation, more than 65% market share, in the 
herbal and category toothpaste, is a very strong level brand, which continuously, consolidates 
on it, with new products. 
Swami Ramdev: 
Those who copied us, they had to recall their brand Colgate Vedshakti, etc., after spitting 
thousands of crores. So in this category, the leader was already Patanjali and will be Patanjali in 
the future too. This is visible in front. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So next. You guys just play the ad. [Video Ad 34:10]. Next. So the second segment of our skin 
care…  
Swami Ramdev: 
People saw the ad for the first time and said this is Patanjali's. I said yes, it's Patanjali's. Now 
you can see the beginning. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So very contemporary, very latest. We have a turnover of INR725 crores in the business skin 
care segment, 48% gross profit margin, 14% EBITDA margin, 45 products, 85 SKUs and very 
marquee products like our body cleansers that Swamiji was talking about, the samples that we 
gave today, no one is doing justice to it. There are so many other good products available. My 
request to you all is that please try them, please buy them. They are available. They are available 
online. They are available in retail stores. 
 
They are available in Patanjali stores. Please buy them and you will be delighted with the soaps 
and body soaps and face washes etc. They are of extremely high quality. Next please. Similarly, 
in our home care segment, we were talking about a revenue of INR410 crores, 29% gross profit 
margin, EBITDA margin of 9%, 18 products, 38 SKUs, super dishwashers, bar and gel that we 
were talking about, we have a revenue of almost INR238 crores. It is a very fast growing 
segment. 
 
It is on a rapid base. Since the base is herbal and natural, its takers and attraction to the market 
is extremely high. We are seeing a very good attraction in the marketplace. Next one. Play the 
TVC please. [Video Ad 36:38]. So I would really urge you please try them at home. These are 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
brilliant products. They are most natural products and once they started experiencing that, they 
have seen the difference compared to the chemical sort of dish washing products etc. It is a very 
remarkable value that you will derive out of this. 
 
Our third category which is a hair care category, INR291 crores, 35% gross profit margin, 12% 
EBITDA margin. It is in the range of Kesh Kanti brands. It has oils, shampoos, hair colours etc. 
Very popular, getting growing increasingly. There is a lot of demand in the export market. 
Especially we are seeing a lot of orders from the US which is growing consistently. 
 
We feel that there is a growth momentum in terms of both creation of new product introduction 
and growth. We are expecting a huge play in this marketplace. Next one please. Just play the 
TVC please. This is new ad of Tamannaah Bhatia. [Video Ad 38:07] Next. [Video Ad 38:54] 
 
Just as a quick split of the top selling products that we have. Dant Kanti as I mentioned as a 
toothpaste brand is about INR1,300 crores plus. Body cleanser INR353 crores. Dish washer bar 
INR238 crores. Shampoos INR195 crores. Aloe vera gel INR180 crores. Face wash INR105 
crores. Detergent powder INR101 crores. You can see that range of products which are popular. 
 
Some of them are growth momentum driven. And some of them are very recent starts. There are 
some products and brands which started just 2-3 years ago. In which we are moving towards a 
big scale growth momentum. Next one. In the sales and distribution network, this is just an 
illustration of what the architecture of distribution that we have. Right from super distributors to 
distributors to modern trade, Patanjali stores, retail distribution. This is the network that we have. 
Geographic distribution. Clearly you can see that green which is a strong strength area. Followed 
by red which is INR250-INR450 crores. There are some spaces which are less than INR50 
crores. 
 
We need to focus on a lot more. And that gives us a very deep insight. That when biscuits we 
saw that the distribution wide spaces were available where we were not reaching. The moment 
we started pushing on them, we saw immediate take off in the sales. Similarly, the food business, 
when we saw the wide spaces available, immediately it saw that immediate pick up in the sales. 
So, now the benefit what we are drawing is different products, we write the distribution chains 
and we are able to leverage the synergies between the respective businesses, the independent 
distribution that they have, which is driving this growth and the momentum forward. 
 
Next one please. This is the past acquisition which I was telling you. Revenue for biscuit 
business in ’22 is INR906 crores, In ‘23 it became INR1,350 crores and last year it became 
INR1,600 crores. So one of the values what we have seen is that under the unlisted entity with 
the way it operates and it is not that it is an inefficient operation, it is just that the way it operates. 
 
It is a different way of operation. Under the listed entity, we have helped by adding to 
distribution. We introduced the other synergies, linked it with oil, ran our ad campaigns 
differently, did the teams differently. 
 
We achieved nearly 60% growth in biscuits within a matter of two and a half years. Similarly, 
what you can see is that we have nearly doubled our turnover, little less than double in the food 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
business within a matter of two and a half years. So the lot of effort which has gone into building 
the businesses by expanding the value. 
 
Likewise, we are confident that even the HPC business, we will see a very rapid expansion. Once 
the combination is done with rest of the four businesses on the distribution side that we have, 
we will be able to drive the growth of the brand and the profitability and of course, the synergies 
financial gain is there, we should be able to drive that a lot better. I just want to share with you 
a very critical part and this is what Swamiji was speaking about earlier, what we commit, that 
vision what we had and how we have worked to assiduously achieve our target and reach there. 
 
Next one. So clearly one of the stated if you people remember that 2-2.5 years from now we are 
continuously saying that when our share was below by 5% in FMCG and the overall thing and 
it's a commodity business, we told the people that we will take this share to 50% equivalent. And 
this path is clearly visible in front of you today if we look at the combined basis of our last year. 
including the current business if we see looking at it right now, including the current business 
that we are acquiring on an annualized basis its nearly 36%, last year it was 30% market share 
for FMCG, share of the revenue, this year it will become -- if we simply keep INR2,700 as it is, 
our share will become 36% of the revenue, if our growth momentum will grow at 15%, so this 
INR12,500 crores is going to become INR20,000 crores in 3 years time. 
 
And at that time if we keep our oil revenue static, then we should be hitting 50-50 FMCG share 
and the edible oil share. And this was our stated strategic intent, which we are continuously 
monitoring and growing and one of the major commitment was that how do you build up a 
INR18,000-INR20,000 crores of FMCG business in next 3-3.5 years time and how do we have 
edible oil as a stable but the volume growth will continue to happen. We will emerge as and how 
many companies in the country exist with this kind of turnover on the revenue side of 
INR18,000-INR20,000 crores on the FMCG business, so that was a stated intent and we are 
going to sort of work towards that & in wide array of products we are looking at both organically 
growing new lines as and when the opportunity shows up. 
 
And if we see any opportunity inorganically, which we feel we can invest in selectively, can 
integrate it, can bring a good team, then our focus will remain on that to and we are very well 
prepared towards that. And I will talk briefly about some of the strategies on the premiumization, 
what the company has followed and started to work towards. 
 
Next one. We have talked about brand enhancement there has been a massive work, so one of 
the things which is less understood that this is a value play, this is, but how we have 
systematically built up our brands and business and I will show you some of the ads etc. What 
Patanjali has accomplished in last 2-2.5 years time.  
 
We got Mahendra Singh Dhoni for Mahakosh and Sunrich sort of brands, we got Tiger Shroff, 
Tamannaah Bhatia, you saw the ads, we built up all these brands what you are seeing below, 
they are leaders in their respective categories and they have done phenomenal amount of work 
and lot of work has gone towards building up, both the marketing campaign, creative sort of 
storyline behind it, getting the brand ambassadors and building them in a very new and different 
way that new orientation of FMCG has emerged for Patanjali in how it has gone about it. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
Next one. So, I am going to show you couple of the TVC which you may have seen but I would 
really like you to refresh and see that what all has it been a completion matter of just a short time 
of 3 years and where we have reached. You play the TVC please. 
 
[Video Ad 45:43] 
 
We took a little time to showcase the kind of work the company has done in 2.5 years and 3 
years. And how we are repositioning the company, building its growth and addressing the 
contemporary. This is a big focus that we have on premiumization of the businesses. We have 
repositioned a series of products, redesigned it, changed the packaging, brought in ambassadors 
and added growth to it. 
 
For example, we changed it to food products, we brought in a max range of Breakfast Cereals, 
likewise we brought in millet based products like Biscuits, which is in 7 Grains, Ragi and 
digestives, which has gained a lot of traction in the market place. In the personal care range, we 
have launched advanced versions like Kesh Kanti, fresh Dant Kanti, we have launched max 
range of nuts, which has become very popular in e-commerce and our own stores building up. 
Nutraceutical business repositioning even though it meant that we took a step back but 
completely repositioned a completely contemporary basis to build it. 
 
So, then what it has given to us is that both uptick in the margin and drive that we have been 
able to build up which has been a very positive step in the way the company has gone about 
building its own structure of FMCG businesses as we are going forward. Next, please. This is a 
quick snapshot of the extensive reach which the company has today. So, our reach is estimated 
at nearly 4 million retail outlets. 
 
That we've got a strong base of nearly 84 super distributors Mega stores, 8,000 plus distributors 
Chikitsalaya, Arogya Kendra Exports to more than 34 countries. We are doing no justice. The 
demand is massive, and we are working to build now we are listed on Amazon US directly for 
a lot of our products. Which we are working on, both in US and Canada. Similarly, in e-
commerce and D2C channels we are building it up. 
 
The idea being, and across all the modern trade outlets and channels that you have, we are 
present. So, the idea is that we want to consistently develop and build up both direct and indirect 
reach to the marketplace. And continuously we are adding to the distribution range that we have, 
any new business that we launch, for example, HPC when it comes into our fold. Not only will 
we be able to leverage HPC's distribution. 
 
But we'll be able to give the benefit of the food distribution that's available, for that to grow and 
build up in a much larger way. Next. In terms of synergies, broadly, which I told you, in the 
HPC business alone, not for the entire FMCG, we believe that there is a gain of 200 basis points 
that we can get over the next 18 months to 2 years by various things in streamlining supply chain 
or unified operations that we can put in. 
 
Similarly, enhanced cost optimization on sales force and distribution network maybe we'll be 
working on very closely. Manpower efficiency so actors across the skill trained force in terms 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
of both training and retraining and leveraging our ground level assets to a significant benefit that 
we'll be able to drive and of course a very robust R&D setup that Swamiji spoke about earlier is 
that the kind of network that we have the Patanjali Research Centre and the research lab that we 
have is one of the most advanced versions of new innovative products, new ideas that get 
generated and new medicines, Food Products, Nutraceutical product and non-food businesses, 
products that have been generated backed by more than 500 Scientists, peer reviewed journals 
etc. 
 
So huge value that has been generated. So net, I would summarize by how to look at this version 
3 of Patanjali. Our plan is to complete our target of 50-50 in 3 years, to 4 years. Our target for 
the FMCG portfolio is still there It's clear that between INR18,000 crores to INR2,000 crores 
we'll build the FMCG portfolio. By that time, in the next 4 years our Oil palm plantation. Which 
currently has 75,000 hectares. Will have more than 3 lakh hectares. Next year we'll plant  40,000 
hectares. By end ofnext year, we'll have total 1.25 lakh hectares. 
 
Our Edible Oil portfolio, will have a growth of 4% to 6% in volume. I don't want to guess its 
revenue because its dependency is always on the price point. It has no meaning. Our stated intent 
is that we want to reach the double-digit EBITDA margin which is the turnover of a company 
between INR40,000-INR45,000 crores and a 10% plus margin which is our stated clear-cut 
target which will take 3-4 years between that we'll accomplish it. 
 
And this is only directly which is an organically growing business we'll do it in the same way. 
There are no inorganic growth elements. We don't have any capital expenditure requirement. 
The entire INR1100 crores payment which we'll do to the parent is through our internal accrual. 
We have more than INR5,000 crores of free cash flows in our balance sheet. 
 
We have zero debt. Our free cash flows are building up year-on-year. And are being added 
further. We don't have any capex requirement other than routine maintenance capex that we 
have. The entire funding will be done through internal accrual. So it is going to be EBITDA 
accretive business on a huge way. 
 
And benefiting from this we'll do a new Patanjali version 3 over next 2.5-3 years which are going 
to totally redefine the FMCG sort of play and the work that we are going to develop and build 
up. And with that I'll end my presentation. 
Swami Ramdev: 
And if you want to see someone in person, come to Haridwar. I'll invite you. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
And come to Haridwar. And now it's Q&A time. So in front of all of you Swamiji, Rajeshji. Any 
question that you have, we'll be very happy to answer. 
Swami Ramdev: 
Rajeshji is also a very hardworking person who is in our service. A big round of applause for 
him. 
Chintan Kotak : Please raise your hands. And please state your name and organization name before asking a question. 
Thank you. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Abhijeet (From Antique): Pranam Swamiji. Pranam Sanjeevji and Kumarji. First of all, congratulations for this acquisition. 
Sir, the first thing I want to know is the expected completion of consolidation of business and 
integration of business, when will it happen? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
We have two requirements. One is regulatory approval like CCI approval because the transaction 
size is larger. So that application will go to CCI in the next few days. We'll go for shareholder 
approval. These two activities shareholders’ approval will be done within 25-30 days. And for 
CCI approval we'll work for it. For the requirement of corporate affairs. So our target is within 
this quarter it will definitely be done hopefully within 4-6 weeks we'll be able to complete the 
transaction. 
Abhijeet (From Antique): So we can assume that from second quarter onwards the number would be integrated? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
May be middle of second quarter onwards. Because today we are already sitting at the beginning 
of this quarter. So my guess is by 15th August the consolidation will definitely be done. May be 
plus minus 5 days it can happen 5-7 days earlier or it can happen 4-5 days later. But our effort 
is that all the preparation is ready. Our bankersare already working on CCI application. Our 
shareholders’ approval documentation is already ready. So, very quickly within next couple of 
days it will getdone immediately. 
Abhijeet (From Antique): Sir, second question on financial parts. You’ve said that there is INR496 crores EBITDA. But 
what would be the contribution on the PAT front? Depreciation, interest cost and ultimately 
PAT, what would be the PAT for this acquired business? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
There won't be much depreciation. Because fixed assets have low value. So there won't be much 
depreciation. You know about the burden of interest. Our company is completely debt free. 
Hence no question of interest burden is there. So, very minimal depreciation will be there. 
Abhijeet (From Antique): And third and last question. Right now for the listed entity A&P spend is relatively less compared 
to other FMCG companies. In HPC category we are increasing our advertising spend. What 
would be the contribution right now as a percentage of sales? How much will be the A&P spend 
and how far can we take it? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So total annualized basis, our ad spend will be close to INR300-INR350 crores. Because right 
now it is distributed. Percentage wise it is compared to other FMCG companies. It is on the 
lower side. But our estimate is about INR350 crores is what we will spend. So if as a percentage 
that you see, it will be about 2.25% or there about. Of the FMCG share, if you look at the overall 
revenues, it is going to be just about 1.25%. 
Abhijeet (From antique): 
And just one clarification on this 3% royalty that is only for HPC business or including food 
business? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Only for HPC business. And as you remember on biscuits we pay 0.5% royalty fee of the gross 
revenue. On food business we pay 1% royalty fee. On these businesses we will pay 3% royalty 
fee and it is only for this business. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Abhijeet (From antique): 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Its industry norms are also like this. This has already been benchmarked. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
This is Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum. Asthanaji, Babaji congratulations whatever you said and 
did is Unparalleled. I wanted to ask 2-3 things. This INR1100 crores slump sale, this money is 
going to go to the trust or will come back in some form investments at the back end? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
As we are acquiring business from PAL. So all this money will go to PAL and PAL has already 
told us their purpose that they will retire all the debt liability. So all this money will go to PAL 
and that is the main purpose. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. When I am looking at the margin gross margin and EBITDA margin, in personal Q&A 
you mentioned premiumization, so now you are seeing that skin has 34% gross margin and 
EBITDA margin is also less. So in these 3 years any advice for future growth path that where 
will you settle this margin, what contribution premiumization will do? Patanjali’sKesh Kanti is 
also a big segment, you have already done this in Dant Kanti you have already achieved 24% 
EBITDA margin but these 200 basis points which you are saying ,which segment has a better 
lever to get this margin very quickly? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So I will answer that Rajeshji if you want to add to that, I will just quickly tell you that I think 
we see a big opportunity in the skin care, home care segments are typically normally stressed 
hair care and skin care. We see huge opportunity for margin expansion. We are going to work 
on both in terms of the price points and the premiumization work that we are doing. 
 
Similarly we are going to work on the supply chain side of efficiency so our current estimation 
is that the integration based benefits are around 2% points on the HPC business. We should be 
able to accomplish that. The rest of the effort towards premiumization and growth the new brand 
ambassadors, the work we are doing Towards premiumization, repackaging, growth momentum 
that we are driving, that should also start to add. 
 
So in broader terms the target is currently 18% blended EBITDA. We should, in the natural 
course, be able to take it up to 20% and then we will start working towards that. There is no 
specific target that we will make it 14%-18%. But we are going to sit down, work on it and we 
will certainly look for expanding the overall profit targets in each of these categories. So 
certainly we should start to better that. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Last question on the distribution. I understand you have done a phenomenal job on the biscuits 
so the growth of biscuits is a distribution led growth. I agree that in FMCG especially in Dant 
Kanti and the hair oil business but can you tell us some numbers like what will be your market 
share in toothpaste, what are you targeting or what is your target in hair care? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So in toothpaste we had told you in the respective category of herbal care segment the natural 
toothpaste has more than 65% market share. And in hair care there is no target because that 
category has got different levels at which it is dealt with. And we are not setting any specific 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
target in rest of the categories because there is a lot more growth and up room that we have to 
build up. 
 
The idea is, in the respective brands within that there is a particular sort of market share that we 
have. But that is not something that as a stated intent, we have not declared that we will only do 
this much. But that is what it is, but we are going to soon come out with a clear road map once 
it is fully integrated and then we will start working towards what market share we are targeting, 
what distribution levels we can reach, it will take some time. 
 
Give us one or two quarters to reach that number and then we will give our clear-cut objective 
for this business because as you have seen in biscuits and food, we grew that very fast when we 
acquired them. The growth was much slower, but when we got them in, it became much faster. 
So here also as you have seen the growth was about 7% prior to acquisition we believe that we 
should be able to double it straight away. But whether it is double or it is three times larger or 
higher or whatever it will be I think that the team is working on it right now I think hopefully 
over two quarters we will build that up. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Sir, the first question will be on hair oil the listed hair oil 
companies they have had very low growth for the last 3-4 years. If I look at your number, it is 
about INR55 crores so I wanted to understand what is your view on hair oil as a category and 
INR55 crores is a low number. What is the reason for this? Because earlier also Patanjali's R&D 
In terms of Babaji's Overall connect with the customers was very strong. What will be the change 
in this specific product? 
Swami Ramdev: 
See in the hair category. We have not done a lot of Advertisements, we have not spent much on 
sales marketing earlier in the market 99% of the hair oils sold all are mineral oil based. Ours is 
100% based on natural oil. In this there are many possibilities of growth we will drive it in the 
same way so that especially from coconut oil and our Kesh Kanti Advanced hair oil the problem-
solving Product towards natural products in this direction we will have to bring awareness in the 
society. That they are applying LLP (01.05), Mineral oil or are they really nourishing their hair. 
This is a little time taking process but we will move ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, one follow up will be, your point about LLP (01.06) is absolutely right but those who use 
natural pricing increases. The listed companies' that are number one or that Kolkata company. 
They also say that their premium hair oil their sales are very slow versus their mass-based hair 
oil. 
Swami Ramdev: 
The challenges are there and they are not going to go anywhere. We have beaten the challenges 
and we will do it in the future. To achieve big goals you have to put in a lot of effort. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, last question. You also told us about e-commerce and quick commerce so quick commerce 
companies have already done largely 4%-5% of the total sales. How is your product right now 
Based on this consolidation, what can be the difference Over 3 years? 
Swami Ramdev: 
E-commerce is not a big excitement for us nor is it a restriction. We have kept it running without 
disturbing our mass distribution that is why we are conservative. You also know if you put in a 
lot of stuff in e-commerce there will be cutting and your brand will be damaged. 
Sudarshan Bhandari: 
Good evening. Myself Sudarshan Bhandari from Beat the Street. My question is around strategic 
planning for the company. Patanjali Ayurveda has around INR6,200 crores revenue and after 
2,700 acquisition there is another INR3,500 crores businesses left. What business exactly it is 
and do we have a plan to acquire into the listed entity so that there would be any synergetic 
opportunities this is the first question and as you said the PAL Patanjali Ayurveda has a debt 
which will be the current amount would be used to repay the debt so what is the debt overall and 
whether a promoter stake sale would be required to pay off the debt or the royalty payments 
would be sufficient to meet the debt obligations? These are the two questions. 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I will answer both the questions the first one first. The other businesses are basically medicine 
business the Ayurvedic medicine business. The second business there is the puja, which is the 
religious for the puja purposes there is a very wide product range which Patanjali has that 
comprise of that. there are two other businesses there both are commodity oriented which we 
were not interested in taking over. One is the rice business and second is the dairy business liquid 
milk business which is fairly large. And then there are couple of smaller segments so that 
comprises the balance part of the business which there is no plan to acquire and the listed entity 
in terms of the acquisition from the parent. 
 
This part is already done so that we will not be acquiring any further. In terms of the debt 
repayment, I don't believe that – I mean I am speaking on behalf of Patanjali Ayurved INR1,100 
crores will be used to retire the debt. There will not be any OFS Offering which will be coming 
anytime soon because really the royalty payments and the income that they generate those are 
highly profitable businesses the medicine business, the puja business are very highly profitable. 
So there is enough cash flow generation within the company to pay off the debt Of the Patanjali 
Ayurved side. 
 
So really there is no need for either PFL to sort of issue any fresh equity or for PAL to issue any 
OFS in terms of repaying the debt. So this is a fairly comfortable position they have so the 
royalty payments not withstanding royalty payment is one. But also, they will have very 
substantial profitability from the existing medicine and the puja business what they have. 
Sudarshan Bhandari: 
Thank you 
Apoorv: 
Pranam sir. This is Apoorv from Whitestone Financial Advisors. First of all, thank you for this 
acquisition. My question is on oil palm plantation business, so if you can share some metrics on 
this, like the plantation how long does it take to mature? And then once it gets matured then for 
how many years can we take oil from that plantation? And how to see that business, how much 
revenue can we get from per acre or something. If you can share some numbers on that. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Sure. Typically, the plant to mature takes about 4 years when it starts to do early fruiting. The 
full maturity happens in 7 years' time. So that is one, so just a quick fact check farmers typically 
end up making about nearly about INR1.5 lakh to INR2 lakh per hectare. And our business, our 
plan currently is that we do 75,000 hectares is already planted of which 35% of our plantation is 
between 0 to 3 years which means that we have got very young plantation which is going to 
continuously keep growing and adding to our income. 
 
Similarly, we are planting very aggressively right now, so it took 18 months to 2 years to get our 
nurseries up and running get the sprouts in. So right now, the plan is next year we should do 
more than 40,000 hectares of plantation new plantation we will keep expanding that year after 
that we will do nearly 1 lakh hectares of plantation. And the plantation in terms of the income 
generation for us what is there is nearly 16% to 18% annuity EBITDA business the way India is 
structured. So, we are guaranteed almost that kind of income that we are going to get. So, to give 
you some flavor, year before when the oil palm prices were high, we made INR256 crores in 
that business EBITDA last year we made INR216 crores of EBITDA in that business. 
 
So that business in the fullness of time in next 5 to 6 years' time we should start seeing a bigger 
uptick on that business nearly INR400 crores to INR500 crores of EBITDA margin and in 7 to 
8 years' time, we should start seeing nearly INR1,000 crores of margin coming out of oil palm 
plantation alone. And once we start to see that kind of revenue it is going to stay consistently for 
next 25 years and at the end of 30 years cycle, 32-33 years cycle then the trees start getting old 
then you have to cull them and start doing the new plantation that is how the cycle works in oil 
palm. 
Mihir: 
Hi sir. This is Mihir here from Nomura. Sir if you can talk a bit about your rural urban split in 
the HPC business and may be the other food and biscuit business as well. How much comes 
from rural and urban? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So current split overall in the company is about 60% is urban and 40% is rural. And that my 
expectation is that will not change too much as we are seeing the pace of urbanization that is 
happening while the rural markets if they get a big fill up in terms of the income and sort of 
better earnings that they will start having. So that market will certainly grow but my guess is 
that 60-40 split is probably going to remain there in the longer run on the distribution side. 
Mihir: 
So, can you talk about your distribution expansion more it will be there? Do you have more 
space to increase distribution in the urban areas or will it largely be in the tier 2, 3, 4 towns? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
No. There is a huge opportunity for distribution expansion as we were discussing earlier that 
both direct and indirect put together our estimate is 4 million outlets that we reach I think the 
benefit that we are getting so we are expanding every town below at 20,000 population we have 
a distributor. Our retail outlet reach is still substantially less than where we could potentially go. 
There are a lot of white sort of pockets that are still not addressed in the way we would like them 
to be addressed. There are certain segments, certain states where we are continuously sort of 
working towards it. 

 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
 
 
July 02, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
I believe we have a long way to go on distribution expansion and I think the minimum target as 
a company as a direct reach we should do for ourselves is nearly between 3.5 to 4 million retail 
outlets that we want to reach Indirectly we want to do 1x also further of that so nearly 7-8 million 
retail outlets is what should our target has to be to really do justice to the range of FMCG 
portfolio businesses that we have. And to be able to reach most of the sort of points of purchase 
where consumers are likely to ask for Patanjali product or we'd like to be seen visibly on that 
retail outlets. 
Mihir: 
Can you talk a bit on the manufacturing capabilities that you will get, how much is insourcing? 
How much is TPA and how do you expect it to go for that to progress going forward? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So right now, in terms of contract manufacturing nearly 100% of what we are acquiring is in 
house there is no contract on the HPC business I'm talking about, in the biscuits business we 
have 15 plants of which 4 are owned by us 11 are contract manufacturing locations and smaller 
ones. In the nutraceutical business we have 2 small plants which are very small products that we 
get but that's a regular practice in biscuits which is there but rest of it is 100% of it is all In house 
manufacturing 
Mihir: 
Fantastic. Wishing all the very best. Thank you that's all from side. 
Shanti Patel: 
Hello, I'm Shanti Patel Chartered accountant I just wanted to know how much we have paid to 
Mr. Dhoni and Mrs. Bhatia as a brand ambassador and for how much period? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I think that is unfair for me to answer on this. 
Swami Ramdev: 
We will send you the bill. Thank you. This is an endless process, our journey will continue. We 
will have some fun in between. So all of you with so much love, some were hungry so they went 
out. The house was full. They thought we will reduce the crowd. Thank you all very much. 
