 
 
  
 
 
 
 
www.stl.tech 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
August 06, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q1FY25  
Ref.:   Scrip ID - STLTECH/ Scrip Code - 532374 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance of our letters dated July 20, 2024 and July 30, 2024 respectively, please find enclosed transcript of 
earnings call held on July 30, 2024 in respect of Company’s Q1 FY25 financial results. 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL RESULTS- 
INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at https://www.stl.tech/downloads.html#qiect 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
 
Amit Deshpande 
General Counsel & Company Secretary (ACS 17551) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Amit 
Deshpande
Digitally signed by 
Amit Deshpande 
Date: 2024.08.06 
21:55:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
Sterlite Technologies Limited Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 30, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANKIT AGARWAL – MD, STL 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CFO, STL  
MR. CHETAN WANI – HEAD IR, STL 

Page 2 of 20 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the STL's Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. I am Chetan Wani, Head, Investor Relations at STL. 
 
Today we are joined by Ankit Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Optical 
Networking Business, STL and Tushar Shroff, Group CFO, STL to walk us through the 
Q1 FY25 results and to take your questions.  
 
 
 
Please note that all participant lines are in the listen only mode as of now, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of the presentation. You can also 
download a copy of the presentation from our website that is www.stl.tech. Please note 
that this call is being recorded.  
 
 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to add that some elements of today's 
presentation may be forward looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to the business. The Safe Harbor clauses indicated in the presentation also 
applies to this conference call.  
 
  
 
I now hand over the call to Ankit Agarwal for opening remarks. Over to you Ankit. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you Chetan. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q1 FY25 
earnings conference call. 
 
 
 
As we enter Q2 FY25, directionally our strategic priorities remain the same. On the 
Optical Networking Business, we shall continue to focus on driving growth by 
increasing OFC market share and connectivity attach rate. We will focus on rapidly 
building data centers suite of products to tap the huge potential in that space. We shall  
continue to also drive our technology and cost leadership in the optical business.  
 
On the Global Services business we shall continue to build new capabilities for value 
added services. We shall stay focused on improving project mix to improve profitability, 
and we will work towards completing the demerger of our services business.  
 
Lastly, in our STL digital business, we shall continue to scale the business to conscious 
investments in building new technology and domain capabilities while we keep our 
focus on maintaining our profitability. 
 
 
 
STL has always endeavored to be a responsible leader and ensuring a connected and 
inclusive world. Through our various initiatives in education, women empowerment and 
health care, we have positively impacted millions of lives since FY19. To highlight some 
of these key initiatives, we started RoboEdge in 2023 with intention to power students 

Page 3 of 20 
 
with next gen skills and focus on robotics to enable career growth and we have been able 
to cover more than 11 schools and more than 3500 students have been benefited already. 
Next to the right is a Jeewan Jyoti program founded by Miss Jyoti Agarwal to empower 
underprivileged women by training them in various vocational skills to make them 
financially independent. So far more than 5000 women, artisans have been benefited 
from this program. We also started a hybrid healthcare program during COVID 
providing primary health care as well as tele health facilities to marginalized 
communities and rural parts of select districts of Maharashtra, we have impacted more 
than 1 million lives. To its left is afforestation and water pension program, where we are 
working with 26 Gram panchayats for creating or rebuilding 95 water structures. Our 
efforts have resulted in replenishment of 2.69 million cubic meters of water in 
Maharashtra. Under this project, we have created urban and rural forests by planting and 
maintaining more than three lakh plants and we will sincerely continue to drive such 
initiatives going forward.  
 
 
 
On the ESG front, we are committed to our goal of being net zero emission organization 
by 2030. We present here some of the accomplishments on this front and to mention a 
few achievements since FY19. We have diverted more than 250,000 metric tons waste 
away from landfills. We have reduced emissions of more than 34,000 tons of carbon 
dioxide equivalent. We have recycled 860,000 cubic meter of water during this years. 
We are proud to share that we have even won more than 100 ESG awards for our work. 
We are the world's first optic fiber manufacturer launched externally verified eco label 
methodology when compared to standard products, these eco label products utilize 
approximately 52% less energy, carry 75% less global warming potential and use 
approximately 18% more recycled content and 25% more recycled packaging material. 
These products also reuse and recover almost 20% more waste and enhance the 
longevity of the network by nearly 13 years, thereby benefiting both the clients as well 
as the environment. 
 
 
 
On the next few slides, let's talk about Optical Networking business and our specific 
efforts toward becoming the top three players in the optical connectivity business. Now 
as we reflect on FY24 in the last quarter, as per CRU latest estimates, OFC consumption 
for 2023 declined by 7% globally this was led by almost 12% decline in North America 
market. As we have shared previously, the inventory at multiple layers played a major 
role during this time. And sub optimal factory utilization was a trend across the industry. 
Despite a lower fresh demand during the last few quarters, we observed robust and 
continued fiber deployment resulting in healthy inventory digestion. Various Analysts’ 
reports estimate steady demand improvement as well as demand scenario to stay robust 
for the medium and long term. As we look at the future projections from CRU, the 
medium term demand and the optical fiber cable volumes is expected to go up to 662 
million fiber kilometers by 2028, up from 536 million fiber kilometers in 2023. Theis 

Page 4 of 20 
 
projects healthy 4.3% annual growth in global demand and a strong 7.1% growth in 
annual demand from 2023 to 2028 if we exclude China. The positive demand outlook 
by CRU along with our continued client commitments on increasing fiber deployment 
and steady STL order book additions is indicative of our recovery in the coming quarters.  
 
 
 
Let us also look at a major technology trend, that is AI and its anticipated demand on 
fiber demand. As we discussed in previous earnings calls, AI and machine learning are 
gradually taking the center stage and swiftly blending in with all major mega technology 
trends, while data storage consumption and bandwidth requirements has spurred the 
demand for data centers over the last few years. 2023 will be remembered as the coming 
of age of AI. Chat GPT reached 100 million users worldwide in just two months, a goal 
that took Facebook four and a half years. Industry report suggests that two thirds of 
global network traffic shall involve AI by 2030. For the growth of AI and technologies 
to sustain and succeed, the technology backbone shall need massive amount of data 
center capacities to smoothly manage this data explosion. As we understand more, AI 
revolution is actually reshaping the data center designs and architecture. It's estimated 
that the overall optical connections and fiber requirements in AI data centers will be 
significantly higher than traditional CPU based data centers. If we look at some of the 
key layers in the data center architecture, typical optical connections in the AI data 
centers are estimated to be five times compared to traditional data centers and rack 
density may be as high as one and a half times. The fiber channels required to store in 
the storage layer is approximately estimated to be one and a half to two times of the 
traditional storage layers in traditional data centers. Overall network and connectivity 
may require as high as 18 times higher fiber content in the AI data centers. Overall data 
center capacity in the world is  expected to grow at a rapid pace up until 2030 at least. 
In summary, in this era of the AI revolution, fiber shall need to be at the core of 
connectivity within and outside data centers. This fiber explosion within data centers 
and higher fiber requirements for data center interconnectivity presents a massive 
opportunity for a company like ours and have set an ambitious target that approximately 
25% of our revenue should come from our data center suite of products in the medium 
term.  
 
 
 
Apart from the AI driven investments that I just spoke about, globally, the fund infusion 
that we are seeing in 5G network creation FTTx deployments, as well as Cloud Data 
Center buildouts continue to be very strong. 5G remains one of the fastest growing 
technology in the world and tower fiberization is at the core of 5G not just in India, but 
also globally. 5G subscribers are expected to grow rapidly in the medium term across 
geographies, and we can expect 5G subscriber addition in North America, Western 
Europe and India to be robust all the way up to 2029. As per recent reports from 
Analysys Mason, the average fiberized mobile sites of towers in India stands 38% in 
2024 which is expected to increase to 63% by 2029. With higher 5G subscribers and 

Page 5 of 20 
 
higher number of 5G towers, and higher fiberization requirements, 5G clearly is at the 
core of global expansion and should continue to drive demand for more optical fiber. 
FTTx connectivity, demand for homes and businesses globally remains strong as well. 
In the US alone, approximately 100 million homes await fibre to the home connections. 
Europe FTTx passes is expected to grow by 4% at least for the next five years. And India 
is expected to lead the global growth in FTTx installations, with 26% CAGR expected 
between 2023 and 2028. Data Center deployment is expected to continue attracting 
strong investments with data center capacity in North America projected to grow by 
more than 10% CAGR between 2024 and 2029. But Europe is expected to grow at 8.5% 
CAGR in 2027. In India, the existing data center capacity is expected to more than triple 
between now and 2028. As we saw previously, the data center connectivity requirements 
will continue to carry the demand for optical connectivity products. The demand outlook 
is also expected to be supported by other factors such as what we have witnessed in 
terms of improved telecom tariffs in India, especially between Airtel and Jio resulting 
in improved financial health and investment capability of the Indian telecom companies, 
the existing anti-dumping duty on Chinese products in India and Europe and overall 
industry shift from copper to fiber. On top of that, we also have the mega government 
projects such as the BEAD project in the US, BharatNet project in India and other such 
programs in Europe, Australia and other geographies, which will also overall increase 
the demand for optical connectivity products. 
 
 
 
Coming specifically to the North America and the US region, at STL we are being 
optimistic on the demand in North America region. CRU has projected that the North 
American optical cable demand is expected to grow at approximately 13% CAGR till 
2028. The fiber deployment in the region stayed strong at more than 9 million homes 
passed in 2023 alone and between 9-12 million incremental home passes additions are 
expected in the year 2024. The telecom and internet provider companies in North 
America have set aggressive ambitions on FTTx at home passes additions for the next 
two to three years. And have announced these targets publicly. For instance, AT&T in 
the very near term intends to add 19 million new homes, Lumen plans to add another 9 
million homes, Frontier has already announced 5 million new homes to be passed. In 
addition, the government spending through BEAD and other programs shall only add to 
the fiber deployments planned by the private sector. As for the latest update, the program 
is progressing steadily asshowcased in thispage. Some analysts expect BEAD funding 
to begin by the start of 2024. All in all, it is estimated that in North America nearly as 
much fiber will be deployed in the next five to six years as has been deployed throughout 
history. 
 
 
As a technology driven company for the past three decades, we have meticulously and 
passionately built capability across the optical fiber value chain. Our business and reason 
for existence is deeply rooted in fiber and technology has made the core of it right from 

Page 6 of 20 
 
creating Ultra Pure Glass Preform, State of the Art Optical Fiber Drawing, Optical fiber 
cable and most recently optical connectivity products, we are truly offering glass to 
gigabit connectivity. Our passion for innovation has driven us to solve industry 
challenges like attenuation, bend sensitivity, compatibility, duct space, labor 
availability, and the TCO reduction and created advanced fiber solutions that will 
support everything from immersive entertainment to Ad scale Gen AI experiences. 
 
 
Some of our solutions are truly first in the world or sometimes first in India, such as 
India's first multi core fiber Multiverse which offers four times the capacity in the same 
fiber. Stellar fiber with superior bend in performance. We are amongst the first 
companies globally and amongst India's first to develop the world's slimmest fiber- 
miniaturized advanced fibers with diameters of 180 and 160 micron. We are also proud 
to share our progress on the IP portfolio, during Q1 FY25 our total IP patent portfolio 
increased to total of 715 patents, including filed and granted. We filed 32 new patents 
during this period and a record 24 patents were awarded to us in the US and India. We 
continue to push the boundaries and drive product innovations relentlessly to achieve 
many more firsts in the future as we move forward in our journey to become one of the 
top three optical networking companies globally.  
 
 
Let us now reflect on a market share in optical connectivity rates. Basis CRU 
consumption data during H1 CY23 we had 8% market share on optical cable demand 
excluding China. Our Q1 CY24 market share however was observed at 6% amid 
challenging market demand environment. We believe that the market share shall 
normalize as a fresh demand steadily picks up and as we have also had intensified our 
efforts to regain our market share. We are happy to share that we recorded our highest 
ever optical connectivity attach rate during the last quarter at 23%. We are continuously 
working on new product developments and commercialization in optical connectivity 
space to further increase our attach rate. 
 
 
Coming to the financial performance for the optical business in line with our guidance 
Q1 FY25 revenue stands at Rs.810 crores, which has marginally improved on quarter-
on-quarter basis. EBITDA for the quarter stands at Rs.88 crores at 10.9% of revenues. 
EBITA margin reflects substantial improvement on Q-o-Q basis and stands low lower 
on Y-o-Y basis due to lower cable volumes. The Q-o-Q EBITDA improvement is 
indicative of success of various cost optimization measures undertaken by the company.  
 
 
Having completed our capacity expansions are shared in previous discussions, we 
strategically located manufacturing assets and continued focus on cost structure 
optimization, product innovation and focus on data center product portfolio development 
as well as approval from tier one customers. We are very well positioned to capture the 
significant market share going forward and grow the business as the demand picks up.  

Page 7 of 20 
 
 
 
Now let's discuss the progress in the Indian market and the growth of the global services 
business. In the global services business Q1 FY25 revenues stood at Rs.355 crores. Our 
selective order intake and execution focus has helped us achieve Q1 FY25 EBITDA of 
Rs.25 crores and EBITDA margin of 6.9%. We continue to build our capability towards 
value added services to improve our margin profile and reduce the fund involvement. 
On the project execution side, we have made substantial progress on all key projects 
during this quarter. Among major India public projects, our BharatNet project in state 
of the art Telangana is 69% complete including all packages. The data center project 
with PSU stands at 93% completion. Among the major India private projects fiber 
rollout for large Indian telco phase II is now 59% complete. Fiber rollout for a modern 
optical network for another private customer is 98% complete. With our extensive large 
project experience, we are well positioned to tap BharatNet phase III opportunities in 
the coming quarters.  
 
 
Now let's discuss about STL digital business and their performance. In STL digital we 
are continuing the growth momentum. We are continuously working with new 
customers for growing our business in the US, Europe and India across technology and 
service verticals and observed a healthy fresh order flow during the last quarter. We are 
working with our 25 plus global customers and 40 plus active technology partners for 
business growth. We expect the future growth to be driven by robust order book of 
Rs.377 crores, healthy order pipeline and execution strength backed by the right team of 
leadership and consultants. In line with expectations and despite a tough industry 
environment, we achieved a quarter one FY25 revenue at Rs.71 crores displaying a 
growth on Y-o-Y basis. The EBITDA loss for Q1 FY25 stands at Rs.17 crores, the 
EBITDA loss is trending downwards on Y-o-Y basis and also suggests improved 
margins Q-o-Q basis. 
 
 
I will now hand over to Tushar to talk through the financials. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Thanks Ankit. Good day ladies and gentleman. In line with our guidance the 
consolidated Q1 revenue stands at Rs.1,218 crores showing improvement quarter-on-
quarter basis. The Q1 EBITDA stands at Rs.93 crores and EBITDA margin stands at 
7.6%. As guided our EBITDA margin has improved on quarter-on-quarter basis and for 
Q1 after the tax losses stands at Rs.47 crores, after the tax losses have reduced on 
quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 
 
The new Order addition during the last quarter was robust with us securing the several 
large orders from marquee customers. We won the large long term orders from the 
leading UK telecom companies for optical interconnect and connectivity solutions. We 
secured large deals in Italy for optical fiber cable and specialty cable products. In India, 

Page 8 of 20 
 
we won large long term orders for fiber optic supply and deployment for a large private 
telecom operator. We also won large orders for our service business from an Indian 
public sector enterprise. On the back of global business our revenue mix was well 
diversified during Q1 FY25. We expect revenue mix to improve towards North America 
and Europe as the demand for optical products pick up in our global market. 
 
 
We are happy to share that despite a significant order descoping, our open order book 
stands at Rs.9,883 crores at the end of Q1 FY25 backed by steady order wins. Our order 
book is well diversified across our customer segments and all of our businesses. We 
place before you an abridged version of reported numbers for your perusal. We are 
happy to share that the net debt has reduced by Rs. 769 crores from FY24.  
 
 
With reference to global service demerger, we are progressing as planned on process of 
demerger. During the NCLT convened meeting on 10th July 2024 the scheme of 
demerger received 99.98% approval from the equity shareholders and 100% approval 
from the secured and unsecured creditors. The final NCLT approval are expected in 
indicative timeline of next three to four months and the resulting company is expected 
to get listed by the year end. 
 
 
In summary, we have clear focus areas identified to drive business forward. In optical 
network business we shall target to drive the technology and cost leadership and pursue 
our ambition to be a global top three. We will increase the sales in our focused market 
to grow our optical network business and fill the volume gap. We will continue to 
increase optical connectivity business with a growth and attach rate with focus on rapidly 
building our data center product portfolio. In global service we will continue to focus on 
select project intake to improve the profitability and optimize the net fund involvement. 
In STL digital we will continue to scale the business and grow our revenue along with 
the focus on profitability. 
 
 
With this now I hand over a call back to Chetan. Thank you.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you, Tushar. Ladies and gentleman, we have come to the end of our presentation.  
 
And we shall now move to the Q&A session. We request you to keep your questions 
brief and limit the number of questions to maximum two so that the management can 
attend to maximum questions. The call is now open for Q&A 
 
 
 
We will take the first question from the line of Nikhil Choudhary.Nikhil please go ahead 
and ask you a question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Hi and thanks for the opportunity. After a long time Ankit and Tushar we have seen first 
Q-o-Q growth. So, congratulations on that. But one thing here, the growth looks like it's 

Page 9 of 20 
 
driven by interconnect business where the attach rates jump from 11 to 23%. So 
basically, if you remove the interconnect part the core business was flattish or declined. 
So two questions here, first is how the demand is trending on the core business excluding 
interconnect and what's the outlook there. And second thing, what's the outlook on 
interconnect, after a long time it increased to 23%. Can it go further up?  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you Nikhil for your question. So, you have summarized it quite well. I think as 
we have been guiding, our focus markets continue to be US, Europe and India and as we 
have shared in the past, particularly in the US we had seen that it's been an interesting 
situation where on one side the inventories had been high but the deployment especially 
fibre to the home deployments have been very strong, in fact amongst the highest. So 
when I look at the market demand that I continue to be very positive about; it's triple 
play in terms of demand from the telecom operators, money coming in from private 
equity players into tier I and tier II service providers, as well as government funded 
projects, some from the past and BEAD which is expected to start coming in probably 
Q3, Q4 onwards, and then probably more significantly into next calendar year. So, from 
a demand perspective, definitely US and Europe will be our key drivers. I do also expect 
that in India, there will be continued focus on fibre to the home deployment, fibre to 
enterprise deployment as well as even when operators are talking about fixed wireless 
you will still need a fair bit of fiber connectivity which will be required up to that last 
100-200 meters. So that's something that we do see principally a demand being positive. 
And then the fourth trigger and all of this will be the data center connectivity. As we just 
shared in one of our slides. We actually seeing a very interesting shift from so called 
regular data centers to DCs which are being built for more and more AI capability which 
will definitely require much more connectivity between the servers and the racks, etc. 
So, I would say principally we remain positive about the demand. We do see the 
inventory levels coming down, and certainly between next one to two quarters, this 
should result in improved demand for our optical cable products. On the connectivity 
part, principally I want to reiterate that we do endeavor to sell our cables and 
connectivity together as a solution. That's really where we believe we create value for 
our customers and then for STL, so that continues to be an endeavor. We continue to be 
focusing on our investments in building the technology, building the product portfolio, 
and also the IP. So I would say that this is something that we will continue to focus and 
prioritize but I wouldn't be able to give a specific guidance on connectivity. It will be 
both a function of how cable also steps up, and how we are able to win more orders both 
in Europe as well as in the US. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Sure. Thank you for the detailed answer. Second and third are smaller question on the 
other two segments, services saw Q-o-Q jump but the margin did more or less in line 
with expectation but relatively higher than what we were thinking. So what should be a 
steady state margin in services and in the digital segment, despite of being lower base 

Page 10 of 20 
 
our revenue decline, high single digit on Q-o-Q basis. While I understand that our 
challenges in IT industry, still such a sharp decline was relatively higher. So those two 
are my final questions. Thank you. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So Nikhil, with reference to the service business, steady state margin that we are 
expecting is in the range of 8-10% EBITDA margin, that is what we are targeting for 
this particular financial year. However, during this particular quarter, because it's a mix 
of the various orders which results into the margin. So there is a change in the mix, 
which has resulted in terms of the impact on the margin for this particular quarter but 
for overall financial year, we are looking at 8-10% in terms of sustainable EBITDA 
margin for this particular business. With respect to the digital business, yes this 
particular quarter because of the last couple of months and a couple of quarters, we have 
seen that the industry has witnessed slowdown in the IT sector, and which has also 
impacted us. However, we see this current financial year, we expect to grow this 
particular business over a period of time. So, overall we are targeting that we should be 
able to have at least 5-7% kind of growth in the digital business. That is what we are 
expecting.  
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Sure. Understood. Thanks a lot and good luck for coming year.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thanks Nikhil. We will take the next question from line of Balasubramaniam. Bala 
please go ahead.  
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Good evening sir. Congratulations for Q-o-Q improvement. So, my first regarding 
BharatNet phase III and how much is the addressable market for us out of Rs.1,39,0000 
crores and second question is there any delay in BEAD program due to political situation 
US 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you. Hi Bala. So one the current RFQ and opportunity right now from the spend 
perspective is Rs.65,000 crores. And I think it's important to remember that we would 
address this for 2-3 levels for us. It's an opportunity definitely on the services business, 
in terms of the entire deployment and then the materials. The second part would be 
supply of cables, both for our services requirements as well as other partners or players 
in the project. And then of course, the fiber itself to various cablers. So, this is something 
which is an opportunity across the board. I think it's a bit too early for me to share, we 
are in that phase where next 2-3 months where there will be more developments 
regarding this project. But certainly I would say there is a strong intent from the 
government to take this project forward and to make sure that the project is successful. 
In terms of the BEAD project, definitely there is a strong intent, the BEAD project was 
passed, which was bipartisan, so we don't see or expect any impact or slowdown of the 
BEAD project, particularly linked to the political situation. I would say that probably 

Page 11 of 20 
 
versus our own estimate earlier in this financial year to now we do see that the impact 
of BEAD ultimately to cable requirements, connectivity requirements, that probably got 
pushed out by 3-4 months or so. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Got it. Sir we have lot of large deals in UK and India. So like what kind of environment 
levels for inventory reduction on global operator levels, and we when we can expect 
normal sees whether it's Q3 or Q4. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, so as I said, we have been tracking this quite closely with our customers and also 
with their distributors. I would reiterate that the inventory topic that we have been talking 
about is largely a phenomenon in the US and probably to a smaller extent in Europe and 
UK. So I would say that what we are speaking about inventory, that is what we are seeing 
probably another one to two quarters more before we see the inventories are normalized. 
But I think when we talk about interest, RFQs or requirement requests coming up, I think 
that is moving in a good direction and the underlying demand of the market especially 
in the US, we continue to be bullish on for the next 4-5 years. As we shared is one of the 
slides we have won some good projects across UK, Europe that we've been talking 
about, which is both on the cable as well as connectivity. So as I said, our whole 
objective is to look at cable and connectivity together as a solution. And that's certainly 
something we are confident that the customer will see value in and will also be valuable 
to STL. 
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Got it sir, my next question recording any improvement in OF and OFC prices and 
because our revenues majorly impacted by volumes. How much volumes have been 
dropped in this quarter, and we have seen some improvement on Q-o-Q basis it's because 
of realization side or increase in capacity utilization side. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I would say that overall, we won't be able to give specific volume details. But what I can 
share is that principally we've had, a flattish quarter in terms of volumes on the cable 
side but we've seen the positive growth on the connectivity side. So, I think that's how 
you should think about it. Definitely from a pricing perspective, again, I would say 
flattish to slight reduction. Again, that's also a function of where the mix of our sales has 
been. Our US sales has been on the lower side compared to Europe and India. So that 
has also reduced our overall realization at STL level. So as the US market improves as 
those exports increase, as well as what we produce locally there and we continue to sell 
to that extent our realization would improve again.  
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Got it Sir. My final question, any kind of impact because of anti-dumping duty by 
European commission's because one of our competitors only exempted by European 
Commission's. So what kind of impact we can see not only for our company but the 
entire Indian market players. 

Page 12 of 20 
 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Look, one I think it's important to remember that this is a provisional, so at least I can 
speak on behalf of STL. We are very confident on the merits of our case. We believe 
that with the right calculation levels, we do not believe there should be any case for anti-
dumping and we are making all our representations with full effort. In terms of being 
prepared for it. I would say very confidently that we have one of the most advanced 
facilities for fiber optic cable in Italy, from where we can serve our European customers. 
We have invested in this facility significantly since we did the acquisition of 
Metallurgica a few years back, so we are very well set up to meet all our customer 
requirements with their lead times and product requirements. So from our perspective, 
meeting the customer requirements,  we are very comfortable. In terms of the duty itself 
as I shared, we are definitely working on it. And to make sure that we put our full effort 
towards what is provisional duty currently. I won't be able to speak about rest of the 
industry, of course, different players have got different rates applied to them 
provisionally and I am sure the entire industry will work towards seeing how these can 
be removed or minimized.  
 
Balasubramaniam: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take the next question from Advait. Please go ahead and ask you a question. 
 
Advait: 
Sir congrats on a robust set of numbers. Just want to know how do you plan to structure 
your costs and is it across businesses and is the demerger a part of the cost restructuring. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, the way we have been looking at the cost structure is, overall we are looking at the 
fixed cost and we are attempting to see how we can optimize in terms of the fixed costs 
that we have, at the company level, whether in terms of manpower spent or in terms of 
other expenses or whether it's a logistic cost or whether it's a packaging material cost, 
all of that which are fixed in nature. We are trying to address all of that, by working with 
innovative solutions that we may be looking at, to find better way of managing the 
business. So, we are targeting to reduce fixed costs, at least to the extent of 4-5% on 
sustainable basis. 
 
Advait: 
And this is across businesses.  
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Yes, across the businesses.  
 
Advait: 
And additionally, there is a Kavach, anti-collision opportunity in India, where the 
railways will be deploying 4G. So we just wanted to know if there's any kind of 
opportunity there for us. 
 

Page 13 of 20 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I am familiar with the specific opportunity. We will definitely evaluate that and broadly 
I would make a view that not just BharatNet, there are multiple and very interesting 
opportunities for the services business. Just given the massive experience we have, 
whether it's on previous BharatNet projects, whether it's on system integration projects 
for the Indian Navy, Indian army. I think we are very well placed with our experience 
to capture some of the new opportunities that we are already starting to see in our 
pipeline. 
 
Advait: 
Right Sir. Last question on the Italian plant we have, what is the capacity and how do 
you see that going up, if you can share. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I won't be able to comment on specific capacities but what I can share is that since we 
had acquired that facility, we have invested in scaling it up. And it's truly a world class 
facility. Now it's probably one of the largest facilities in Europe. So we are very well set 
up to cater to our customer requirements and certainly from a product portfolio 
perspective we are very well set up. 
 
Advait: 
Thank you.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thanks. We will take the next question from Sohan Joshi. Please go ahead. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
First question is with regards to the freight cost, the freight cost has increased by 2x 
almost across the geographies. So how are we impacted by this, I mean any impact on 
bottom line or the freight escalation enjoy the pass through status. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So we have seen that the freight impact in our financials, what we have seen is that at 
least 2-3%, which we have seen that increase in the freight during this particular quarter, 
some part of the element is also with reference to the air freight that we had to incur to 
serve the customer better. It's a mix of the rate increase as well as in terms of the change 
of mix from air freight to sea freight that is also being impacted. But yes, in this quarter, 
we have seen a little bit of impact on the freight cost. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
So, going forward, are we planning to structure contracts in a way that henceforth you 
can pass on these costs to the customers because post COVID this has been a continuous 
issue, right. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes. I will break in two things, of course there is some element of this link to the Red 
Sea impact, and that has both caused some of the increase in costs as well as the 
insurance costs, lead times, travel transport times have gone up. So, I think that's 
anyone's guess by when those things normalize, but that is expected to normalize over 
the next few quarters. What we are doing in our own bases is, both just looking at how 

Page 14 of 20 
 
do we reduce our logistics costs, how do we reduce our container requirements itself, 
how do we become more efficient, at the same time, look at other types of contracts that 
we could do to minimize the costs, look at various routes. So that's the work we are 
doing. Typically our customers especially in our global customers, they typically want 
it on delivered basis, so it's up to us at STL to make sure that we can optimize our costs. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Okay, my second question is with regards to the data center business, what growth run 
rate are we targeting. I mean, will it compensate to some extent toward declining 
volumes of OFC. Since internet companies are investing heavily in data center business, 
I presume the growth run rate will surpass every other business, right.  
  
Ankit Agarwal: 
As I said, principally we definitely are very excited with the kind of opportunity we are 
seeing in the data center space. And as we said, because of this massive boom towards 
essentially generating AI. There is a direct implication into how data centers are getting 
structured and as a result of that need for fiber optics, cable and connectivity within the 
data center. So that flow is principally what we tried to share in through some of the 
slides. As a result of that we are looking at how do we increase our presence in this 
space. So that was essentially the message that we had shared and we have taken a target 
that 25% of revenue in the medium term should come by our sales to this sector. So, it 
was more something we wanted to share with our investors that strategically this is the 
direction we are excited about, this the direction we are leaning towards. It is not so 
much about you know bridging any gap it will take us some time to build a portfolio, 
get the technology get the IP and definitely we will update you probably quarter on 
quarter as we are progressing on that. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Okay, thanks that is it from my side. All the best for the future quarters.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thanks. We will take next question from Ketan Athavale. Please go ahead. 
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Sir I wanted to know our margins which have been impacted since last few quarters, 
what are the factors contributing to that besides slowness in optical business? So that is 
the first question. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, if you see last three quarters our margins have been impacted mainly on ONB 
business, because of low capacity utilization that we have seen. Presently, since we have 
not been able to utilize all our facilities to the optimum level, which is impacting because 
of the higher fixed costs operating costs that we have not been able to leverage on, in 
terms of the fixed costs that we have. So that is impacting the overall the margin profile 
of ONB business. 
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay, so by when can we see previous levels of margin and how do we expect the other 

Page 15 of 20 
 
expense to trend going forward? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, we expect US to pick up in next 1-2 quarters, that is what because the inventory 
levels are going down and as we see that US starts picking up, there are two advantages 
to it. One is that we will be able to utilize our US facility to the full extent, as well as for 
some of the non-BEAD requirements, we will be able to utilize our India facility. So, it 
has the two benefits one is fully utilizing the US facility as well as the India facility. So, 
which will help us in terms of taking a better utilization and which will improve the 
margin profile. However, in terms of the overall cost structure, as I have mentioned, in 
earlier question, that we are targeting to reduce it by at least to the extent of 4-5% on 
sustainable basis. That is over a period of time and that is what we will be looking at. 
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay. And coming to BharatNet, so if my understanding is correct about 6000 maybe 
optical, 12,000 maybe EPC and the rest about 40,000 will be network equipment. So 
will we participate in that as well, can you clarify? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Just to clarify, as I said earlier, we have had extensive experience on phase I and phase 
II. Government is still issuing various clarifications on the terms of the tender, various 
conditions, various milestones, etc. So we continue evaluating in terms of making sure 
that the terms are something that make business sense for STL. So, from that perspective, 
it's too early for me to comment on what all will be our scope and what size will be. But 
clearly, as I said before, we will be focused both from the services business as well as 
from the optical business to make sure that we are a key participant in the project. 
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay, and just last question. So in the balance sheet, you have an unallocated liability 
of a discontinued operations, so can you clarify what is it exactly. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So these include bank borrowing of ~2360 Cr other trade and statutory liabilities and 
discontinued business related liabilities of approx. 15 crs. These are basically specific 
liabilities which are related to some of the discontinued business that we have, mainly 
on account of those contractual liabilities which is not due or disputed for some of the 
discontinued business that we have. So, over the last couple of years, we have 
discontinued some of the businesses where due to certain issues with the vendors we 
have not been able to close on those liabilities and since those are a disputed liability, 
which we have accrued in the financials, but still not been settled at this point in time.  
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay. So by when can we expect it to go off balance sheet. These are contractual 
liabilities, right. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
These are some of the contractual liabilities but disputed for the service rendered by the 
some of the vendors that we have.  

Page 16 of 20 
 
 
Ketan Athavale: 
By when can we expect them to go off balance sheet can you comment on that?  
 
Tushar Shroff: 
It will depend on what kind of a settlement that we agree with our partner. So, if we are 
able to come to amicable settlement, then probably the liability may reduce or we will 
have settlement over a period time, but when we will be able to make the settlement with 
some of the partners that we have, that is an important aspect.  
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take the next question from Rohan Patel. Please go ahead 
 
Rohan Patel: 
I just wanted to ask our margins have collapsed since the peak be achieved in 2018 and 
2019, which was around 23% and 22% and which has fallen down to 8%. So, there is a 
drastic change. So, I am just new to this company, so can you explain what has 
happened? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Look, one probably if you are looking at the data from back then that would be a 
consolidation of optical business and largely the services business, which will be as one 
data point, and that will be a mix of profitability of probably at that time, some mix of 
optical business as well as some high margin services projects that we were executing 
at that time. Nevertheless, one time to if you also reflect as recent as couple of years ago, 
we had a very healthy optical business. We did north of Rs.5,000 crores plus and we had 
20% EBITDA margin, which we demonstrated. This was essentially when we had a 
healthy factory utilization, which was for us typically north of 75-80%. And at that 
utilization, we are very comfortable to have industry leading margins at close to 20% 
plus. So, that is a little bit of history in brief. We are happy to have a separate 
conversation. Currently, our factory utilizations are lower, they are sub 50% and as the 
volumes pick up, especially in Europe and US and maybe to some extent more in India 
we are confident that structurally, this is a business that we can operate at 20% EBITDA 
margins. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you, Rohan. We will take the next question from Saket.  
 
Saket: 
Sir I joined a bit late sorry, if my questions are repetitive. Firstly for the interconnect 
part of the story. What have been our achievement for the last financial year and what 
are we looking forward for this year in terms of revenue and how is the market growing 
as per our expectation? If you could give some color on this?  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, sure. So, we did share some guidance. Of course, the number we have shared is 
23% is the attach rate which is our highest ever so we are obviously quite excited about 

Page 17 of 20 
 
this, we are proud about it. At the same time, principally, this is a product that we believe 
creates value for customer as cable and connectivity together, it enables a lower cost per 
home pass, it enables faster deployment, lower requirement of trained manpower, so it 
has multiple benefits. One part to also remember particularly about the interconnect 
business, is that there is much more opportunity as more and more operators connect 
fiber to the home. When they go from home pass towards home connect that especially 
when there is specific more opportunity. In addition, what we also see is that as we start 
building our product portfolio, and also including building a product portfolio for the 
data center space, this is also an area of future growth for STL. So overall, I think it's 
something where we continue to invest, we continue to build a portfolio, we have had 
some good success in Europe and UK recently. We want to continue to grow both in 
Europe as well as US and we are also exploring other markets as well, to scale this up. 
And we are definitely looking at how do we provide a great solution for our customers. 
We provide a unique solution and we also building a lot of our own IP so that we can 
continue to scale this up in the future. 
 
Saket: 
So just to brief it down what should be the revenue profile from this by that we can 
specifically give a broad number for the year. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
We won't be able to give a guidance Saket for confidentiality reasons but I can at least 
share with you that we are confident that this is a business that should grow versus last 
year. We will not be able to give a guidance to a specific attach rate for the year. But 
definitely we are working very hard to ensure that we have a good attach rate and at the 
same time of course we also want to grow our cable business. 
 
Saket: 
When we look at your numbers on Q-o-Q basis at least the EBITDA part of the story 
looks a bit encouraging, but again coming down the line to the finance cost part that also 
has been lowered for this quarter. So taking into account how the first quarter has been, 
where are we in terms of turning the tables and reporting better numbers, where are we 
in midst of that and what are the factors that are still pending as impediments for us back 
to our growth journey.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, Saket what we have been sharing as a guidance and strategy that principally remains 
the same. We have been very clear in terms of our focus markets, Europe, US, India that 
remains the same. We do see some pretty interesting opportunities like the BEAD 
project in US, the BharatNet project in India, which can be additional tailwinds to the 
market. At the same time, we have been very focused on what is in our hands and in 
terms of our own cost efforts, that is something that Tushar spoke about. We have been 
driving in a very focused way last 12 months, we will continue to drive it to make sure 
that we are really at a very cutting edge in terms of cost competitiveness. And we will 
be looking very closely at every line item to make sure that we are cost competitive. So 

Page 18 of 20 
 
I think as those efforts also continue to yield results, on the cost side as our factory 
utilization improves, and it goes back to 75-80% levels, probably in the next coming 
quarters, that is when you will really see that positive development. As we just shared 
on the previous question when we run at those kinds of utilization levels, we are 
confident of achieving the 20% EBITDA which we have demonstrated is as recent as a 
1.5-2 years ago, so that is directionally what I can share now. We are confident that the 
market is moving in a better direction. We believe that our efforts on the costs will start 
yielding and will continue to yield results and really essentially as the volumes pick up 
of cable, as our connectivity attach rate continues to be maintained, we definitely feel 
positive about the future. 
 
Saket: 
Thank you. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take the last question from Krunal. Please go ahead. 
 
Krunal: 
Good evening. So, my question is on STL digital. We saw decline in revenue quarter on 
quarter. So just wanted to understand the reasons for the same and there is a change in 
top management in STL digital, so how does that affect our organization in that sense. 
So, if you can throw some light on that.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I will take the second question. Structurally, we have always driven the business as very 
focused business units. So, we have the optical business unit, we have our system 
integration business, and then we have STL digital business. So, we are very clear in 
terms of our three business units and we have very clear leadership and we drive it as 
P&L and also we do segmental reporting. So, we always structure with very strong 
leadership, very strong second line succession planning, all of that is how we drive our 
businesses. So equally when we had the exit of previous CEO for the digital business, 
very happy to share that Naveen Bolalingappa have stepped up. He is now taking over 
as the CEO for this business, and he has more than 20 plus years of experience in TCS 
and various other organizations. He has worked very closely with Raman and he really 
understands how we are going to drive this profitable growth going forward. So 
principally as a business, STL is very excited about the business. We have a strong leader 
in Naveen and we are very excited that through him we were able to deliver this 
profitable growth that we have committed. 
 
Krunal: 
Got it. So just the EBITDA breakeven that we were targeting by year end. Does that still 
stay on? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, for the digital business, yes that is directionally that we have also spoken about and 
now with Naveen coming on leadership, that's what he's driving as well. 
 

Page 19 of 20 
 
Krunal: 
Got it. And the reason for the quarter and quarter decline in revenue there. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, the quarter on quarter is the impact of what we have seen in the industry as such, 
because last couple of quarters, industry is going through the volatile cycle and it has 
also impacted us. In terms of new orderbook which is going to impact us in terms of 
revenue, but we are confident that we should be able to revive our order book for the 
coming quarters and that should help us in terms of sustaining digital growth in this 
particular year.  
 
Krunal: 
So what will be our order book now, you have shared the number last time also. So, can 
you share the number this time. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
It has been provided as a part of the presentation, so there has been little bit change in 
terms of the orderbook number that you may see as compared to the previous 
presentation. It's mainly impacted because of the way the revenue recognition happens 
in the IT sector which is gross to net and due to gross to net impact, we had to de scoop 
some of the order backlog. And that is one of the impact that you have seen in this 
particular quarter financials. 
 
Krunal: 
Just one last clarification we had initiated a lot of cost cutting initiatives in the beginning 
of the last year. So has that impact been fully factored in in the quarterly costs or is there 
some more impact left. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So we are continuously working on cost optimization, as I mentioned that we are looking 
at and if you see June 2023 numbers vis-a-vis June 2024 numbers that has been sustained 
reduction in terms of employee cost as well as in terms of other expenses. So, we 
continue to drive the cost optimization effort and as Ankit mentioned that is one of the 
levers that we are trying to see that how we can be a cost leader and in manufacturing 
our products. So from that perspective, this is a continuous journey for us in terms of 
optimizing the overall cost. 
 
Krunal: 
Got it, great. Thank you so much. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thanks Krunal. With this we come the end of the question and answer session and now 
I hand over the call back to Ankit for closing remarks. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I’d like to thank everyone for attending today’s call and for showing interest in our 
company and all your questions. Despite the challenging market environment we have 
managed to make progress on our key strategic priorities and happy to share that we 
have also reduced our net debt by Rs.769 crores. Through our focus on customer 
centricity and cost leadership we have gained traction and order across the optical 

Page 20 of 20 
 
business, by delivering purpose engineering solution to our customer we have achieved 
highest ever connectivity attach rate of 23% as I mentioned earlier. We have identified 
AI data center as a future growth area and we are gearing up to make substantial impact 
in the emerging and exciting AI driven data centre segment. We continue to focus on all 
factors in our control including become lean and agile organization which Tushar just 
spoke about and driving technology leadership. We will continue to aggressively pursue 
business opportunity presented to us in our focus regions. Based on the strength of our 
hi-tech manufacturing, our innovation, our industry leading products and our amazing 
talent that we have. Lastly, we believe that we are well positioned to execute and deliver 
robust results and create shareholder value as demand normalizes. I hope we were able 
to address and clarify all your queries and comments. For any future questions and 
discussion do feel free to contact Investor Relations team which include myself and 
Tushar. We really look forward to continuing the conversation with you in the near 
future. Thank you. Jai Hind     
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
 
 
