 
Grasim Industries Limited 
Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, 2nd Floor, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India 
T: +91 22 6652 5000 / 2499 5000 | F: +91 22 6652 5114 / 2499 5114 
E: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com | W: www.grasim.com | CIN: L17124MP1947PLC000410 
Regd. Office : Birlagram, Nagda – 456 331 (M.P.) 
 
Ref No. GIL/CFD/SEC/25/170/SE 
                                                    14th August 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 500300 / 890190 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: GRASIM / GRASIMPP1 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 2024 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on  
9th August 2024 on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company 
for 
the 
quarter 
ended 
30th 
June 
2024 
and 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/grasim-earnings-call-trancript-q1fy25.pdf  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
FCS - 4164  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Cc:   
Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
35A Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Depositary Receipt 
Services 
390 Greenwich Street,  
4th Floor, New York - 
10013 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Custodial Services 
FIFC, 9th Floor, C-54 & 55, 
G Block  Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400098 
 
 
SAILESH 
KUMAR 
DAGA
Digitally signed by 
SAILESH KUMAR 
DAGA 
Date: 2024.08.14 
19:56:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Grasim Industries Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2024 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARIKRISHNA AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PAVAN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. JAYANT DHOBLEY – BUSINESS HEAD, CHEMICALS, 
FASHION YARN & INSULATOR BUSINESS 
MR. HIMANSHU KAPANIA – BUSINESS HEAD, BIRLA OPUS 
MR. RAKSHIT HARGAVE – CEO, BIRLA OPUS 
MR. SANDEEP KOMARAVELLY – CEO, BIRLA PIVOT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for readability purposes, factual and verbatim errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the 
                                  website on 9th August 2024 will prevail 
 
 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Grasim Industries Quarter 1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Panchmatia, Head Investor Relations from Grasim. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Panchmatia: 
Thank you. Good evening, and thank you all for joining this call to discuss our first quarter of 
FY '25 performance. Our leadership team is present today on this call to discuss our results. The 
financial statements, press release and presentation are uploaded on the exchanges and are also 
available on our website. For safe harbor, kindly referred to cautionary statement highlighted in 
the last slide of our presentation. 
 
From the management side, we have Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal, Managing Director; and Mr. 
Pavan Jain, Chief Financial Officer, Grasim Industries. Also joining the call, we have Mr. Jayant 
Dhobley, Business Head, Chemicals, Fashion Yarn & Insulator business; Mr. Himanshu 
Kapania, Business Head; Mr. Rakshit Hargave, CEO of Birla Opus, our Paints Division; and 
Mr. Sandeep Komaravelly, CEO, Birla Pivot, our B2B E-commerce business. 
 
Let me now hand over the call to Mr. Pavan Jain for his opening remarks, post which, we will 
open the call for the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Pavan Jain: 
Thank you, Ankit, and good evening, everyone. Heading into 2024, all of us talked about a lot 
of uncertainties and had built expectations on how new economic realities would take share. 
Some of these were elevated geopolitical risks, higher interest rate for longer duration, impacting 
growth rates and megatrends rapidly transforming industries. 
 
As we cross the midpoint of the year, all such expectations are playing out. Conflict escalation 
in the Middle East and Ukraine remain major risk, inflation persistence is leading to continued 
high interest rates by major central banks. Secular megatrends from artificial intelligence to 
sustainability or reshipping economic and industries. 
 
The recent data points from the U.S. on manufacturing PMI and unemployment rate has 
increased, the probability of the U.S. sale cutting rates in the coming FOMC meetings. Bank of 
England has already executed its first interest rate cut in more than 4 years taking the key rate to 
5%. In China, despite Beijing surprise rate cut which injected 435.1 billion yuan into financial 
system, there our current global economic environment, coupled with heightened geopolitical 
risk conditions indicate that the path to normalization is likely to be a longer one. 
 
At the same time, Indian economy has been a star performer on 21st May, India became the fifth 
country to join exclusive $5 trillion market cap club alongside the U.S., China, Japan and Hong 
Kong. Two months from there, we have hit $5.5 trillion on July 30th. With 7.8% growth in the 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
GDP in Q4 FY '24 and 6.8% expected in current year, India is expected to continue to its title of 
fastest-growing large economy as per the growth projections by IMF. Further, the Budget 2024 
has laid down focus on capex spending in sectors such as road transport and highways, railways, 
real estate, et cetera. Secondly, supporting consumption through higher allocation for rural 
economy, welfare schemes and agriculture and job creation are one of key focus areas. India's 
long-term economic fundamentals appear robust, buyout by government commitments, fiscal 
prudence aiming for a reduced fiscal deficit of 4.9% in FY '25 and 4.5% in FY '26. In latest MPC 
making, RBI has maintained status quo on Repo rate of 6.5% and FMCG, our projections of 
7.2% GDP growth and the inflation target of 4.5% for FY '25. 
 
I now come to our company's performance for the quarter gone by. Consolidated revenues stood 
at ₹33,861 crores and EBITDA for the quarter was ₹4,076 crores.  
Talking about segmental performance in cellulosic fibre business, consumer buying has in stuck 
in major textile consuming economies that is U.S. and EU due to heavy discounts offered by 
retailers and supported by easing inflation. This has led to some inventory corrections, increase 
in cotton MSP and volatility in global oil market due to geopolitical instability and entered in 
lower preference for cotton and polyester fibres making cellulosic fibre as preferred choice of 
fibre for brands globally. Moreover, better sustainability credentials would continue to drive 
growth of cellulosic fibre in the long-term. Globally, CSF prices have been on an upward trend 
since Q3FY'24. India realizations remain impacted by oversupply in Indonesia and decline in 
input prices that is pulp and caustic soda, benefits of which were passed on to the value chain 
partners. Our CSF volumes stood at highest levels of quarterly number of 200 tons and revenue 
stood at highest levels since past 7 quarters. The CFY business remains impacted by low 
consumption phase across the user value chain, though there are some signs of recovery in the 
current quarter. 
 
In Chemicals, global caustic soda prices marks fourth consecutive quarter of improvement and 
are now at highest level since June 2023. While domestic markets have also followed some of 
these positive realization trend, India caustic soda market continues to remain in oversupply 
situation. Our caustic soda sales volumes were lower by 4% Y-o-Y partially impacted by Vilayat 
plant shutdown for new capacity hook up. Improved caustic reductions, coupled with uptick in 
demand and realization for chlorine derivatives had led to improvement in eco realizations, 
which stood at ₹32,529 for Q1 FY '25, highest since Q2 FY '24. The ramp-up in production post 
recent expansion at specialty chemicals unit, remains on track. We have clocked highest ever 
sales volume and revenue for the specialty chemical business, which now contributes 30% to 
the chemical business revenue. 
 
Coming to Building Materials segment, UltraTech continues to grow bigger. The country saw a 
new capacity addition of 41 million tons during the last financial year, 32% of which has come 
from UltraTech. For this year, out of planned 16 million tons capacity, we have already added 
8.7 million tons in Q1 FY '25, crossing milestone of 150 million tons per annum, reaching a total 
capacity with the domestic and overseas totaling to 155 million tons per annum. The recent 
acquisition deal with Kesoram and controlling stake in India Cement would strengthen our 
position in fragmented South India market. For India Cement, the Board of Directors of 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
UltraTech approved purchase of 32.72% equity stake of the promoters and their associates in 
India Cement limited (ICL). UltraTech had earlier made a financial investment in India Cement 
to acquire 22.77% equity in June 2024. Post signing of share purchase agreement and obtaining 
regulatory approval for the purchase of equity stake in ICL, UltraTech will pay ₹3,954 crores at 
₹390 per share for by this 32.72% stake in ICL from the promoter and their associates. This has 
triggered a mandatory open offer at ₹390 per share, which would be done after obtaining all 
regulatory approvals.  
Paints business under brand Birla Opus has started its commercial production at 3 plants in April 
2024 and more than 80% range of 145 planned products have been placed in the distribution 
channels. Trial run production has also started at Chamarajanagar, and commercial products is 
expected to commence from Q3 FY '25. Construction at other two plants is progressing as per 
plans and remains and expected to be completed in budgeted sanction project cost. On branding 
and distribution, I am sure you would have seen our media campaign under ‘Make Life 
Beautiful’. The ad has successfully captured the customers' imagination and it is heartening to 
see a good response from the entire ecosystem. The first flagship experience centre store in 
Mumbai, is already operational with our plans to add more such centers in FY '25.  
Revenue of our B2B e-commerce business, Birla Pivot is gradually ramping up. The current 
quarterly run rate of revenue is over ₹550 crores with increasing trends in total number of buyers. 
Private labels are now available across 3 product categories, which is ply, door, and tiles. We 
are also working on building a retail distribution channel for these private labels along with sales 
support for better penetration. 
 
In our Financial Services business under Aditya Birla Capital, remains on track of its 
transformational growth journey. The company has successfully built a franchisee for 
omnichannel architecture of distribution, delivering steady growth with prudent risk 
management and focus on return on capital. While the company continues to expand its physical 
footprint, a total of over 1,500 branches across businesses, the endeavour remains on digital first 
approach, under this line, Aditya Birla Capital has commercially launched its B2C platform, the 
Aditya Birla Capital Digital, ABCD, offering over 20 products and services catering to each 
facet of financing solutions such as payments, loans, insurance, and investments. Total lending 
portfolio and average assets under management have also surpassed milestones of ₹125,000 
crores and ₹5,00,000 crores, respectively, in the current quarter.  
In the other businesses, our renewable business has increased the capacity to almost 1-GW, while 
in the current quarter and remains on track to double the capacity to 2-GW by end of this year. 
The business has strong anchor clientele with Aditya Birla group companies representing 43% 
of its existing portfolio. During the quarter, textile business profitability was impacted by high 
input cost in linen business. The retail presence of our textile business is expanding under our 
branch Linen Club, Cavallo and Soktas. 
 
On the capex front, we continue to focus on growth capex for FY'25 budgeted capital 
expenditure is over ₹4,500 crores, of which growth capex in new businesses is planned at ₹3,000 
crores, which is 66% of the total capital expenditure. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Now we open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Jai Doshi from Kotak. Please go 
ahead.  
Jai Doshi: 
I've got a couple of questions on your paints business. One is how has the progress been so far 
versus your internal expectations? And if you could respond with a few data points or give us 
some more colour? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So Jai, this is Rakshit here. Let me take your question. So when we had launched paints in 
February '24, from Panipat, we had shared a few data points, which we would want to reach by 
the end of the financial year, and we are in line with all our expectations. 
 
So firstly, from a manufacturing point of view, three plants are commercialized and running 
steadily. The fourth in Chamarajanagar is under trial production, which was what we had 
committed. We have been able to place out of the 125-odd products we talked about, more than 
80% is already there in the market. We had talked about reaching 150 depots by the end of the 
year. We are already beyond 102. We have talked about reaching 50,000 dealers. We are in sync 
with the plan to hit 50,000 active dealers by the end of the year. 
 
Qualitatively, the reception of our product for a quality has been excellent. Painters and 
contractors and the whole ecosystem who have used it, are coming back to use it repeatedly 
because they not only see a quality differential with what exists in the market. But from a usage 
criteria also, they find it to be very easy. 
 
We have also been very successful in our initial brand campaign, which we launched along with 
the start of the Cricket World Cup. So the ‘Make Life Beautiful’ campaign has garnered till now 
close to 70 crores Indian eyeballs. And in terms of the feedback that we have from the market, 
both from contractor painter and consumer queries, it definitely seems to have made a big, big 
impact. 
 
So all in all, both from the supply side and both from the demand side, we see that we are on 
track with what we had committed in Panipat. 
Jai Doshi: 
Understood. A follow-up there, if we do some back of the envelope calculation, it looks like 
June quarter net sales was around ₹80 crores, is that understanding right? Or am I missing 
something? 
Pavan Jain: 
So, Jay, our actual sales will be more than that. See, large part of sales has been out of the trial 
run production for the three plants, which would go commercial production started in April '24. 
So prior to that, some trial production was achieved out of those plants, that sale has gone to 
CWIP. 
Jai Doshi: 
Understood. Would you be able to call out that number? Or would you like to call out that 
number? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, we will not call out the number, but a major part has gone to CWIP. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Jai Doshi: 
Basically, the net sales number that we are looking at after back of the calculation is not an 
accurate number. 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes, it will not. It is just net of what has gone to CWIP. 
Jai Doshi: 
I understand. Lastly, what is the pushback that you're getting, if any, from the trade? And what 
steps are you taking to address the gaps, whatever be on the distribution front? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, let me first say what is the pull that we are getting from the trade. So, the pull that we are 
getting from the trade is that many dealers see us as a very strong viable alternative to the existing 
strong marketplace. They are very confident about the house of Aditya Birla. The quality of the 
paints has been excellent. So we see large-scale adoption across small, midsize and large deals, 
which is why I'm able to tell you confidently that of the target of 50,000 dealers that we have 
said, we are very much on the range. 
 
Secondly, there are many dealers who are very, very interested in dealing with us. And I'm just 
waiting for some more time because in many markets, the full range of products that they want 
to commit themselves to do business with us is still a couple of months away, as you would 
realize. We had promised 1,250 SKUs. We are in that journey, and we have covered a major 
part. But as you would understand, many paint dealers want to wait for some more time because 
they don't want to commit to clients if they are not confident that the full range from Birla Opus 
will be available. But even there, we are making very rapid progress. 
 
So I would want to put it this way. Apart from that, there is no really pushback from dealers. So 
there are dealers who are saying that we want to deal with you just give us some more time, and 
then there are many dealers who are adopting us very, very willingly. 
Jai Doshi: 
Sure. Just one last bookkeeping. These 100 depots, what part of the country gets covered with 
these depots? Essentially, what's your reach today national coverage from a geographic 
standpoint? And that will be all from my side. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So in Panipat, we had promised that we will cover 6,000 towns by the end of the financial year. 
I think we crossed 3,800 as we have disclosed in July itself. So you could imagine that with the 
102 depots, which is operational as of July end and in the last 2 weeks, we actually add another 
6 depots, we basically cover literally the whole of India. We are present in all states, every state 
or every part of India including the North-east has some operational depots. And with more 
depots, we will only improve the intensity of coverage and end up covering some parts, which 
at the moment are not being covered. So basically, we are already a pan-India player. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rahul Gupta from Morgan Stanley. 
Rahul Gupta: 
So my first question is on B2B business. Can you just help us understand what your strategy is 
on B2B business in terms of P&L. I know you'll continue to add products and you want to 
explore or expand in the retail network as well. But last quarter, you said that the monthly run 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
rate was around ₹2 billion revenues. This quarter, you have said that the quarterly run rate is 
around ₹5.5 billion. 
Moderator: 
We seem to have lost the line for Rahul Gupta. The next question is from Ajit Motwani from 
Dymon Asia. Please go ahead.  
Ajit Motwani: 
Yes. Just like the way you're saying that a large part of the revenues on the paints business has 
gone to CWIP, would you be able to give us some details on the capitalization of, let's say, the 
expenses that have, not booked into the P&L? 
Pavan Jain: 
So see, as per the accounting requirements, the expenses for the plants under construction, which 
are directly related to the construction activities or planning activities. That goes to the 
capitalization, okay? So as already disclosed, three plants are already commissioned, and 
commercial production started. So, for those three plants, everything is going to the P&L. For 
rest three of the plants, the expenses relating to those three plants under constructions are getting 
capitalized. I don't think we are disclosing these numbers separately. But this is the I mean, the 
conceptual answer for this. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Okay. So, if I have understood that correct, whatever the three plants have produced the revenues 
from there have gone to P&L, the operating expenses have gone to P&L for the three, other three 
who are doing trial runs, that has gone, the revenue from that has gone to CWIP and the expenses 
also related to them has been capitalized. Is that a fair understanding? 
Pavan Jain: 
So, for other three plants, this trial run has just commenced at one plant out of the three under 
construction, okay. So there is hardly any production from that in Chamarajanagar plant. So 
basically, the three plants, which are still not I mean, commissioned all the expenses relating to 
those three plants are getting capitalized. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
And I think from a revenue point of view, you see the first 3 plants, Panipat, Ludhiana and 
Cheyyar, they were capitalized only, at the end of April. So whatever was manufactured from 
those plants still then, and these plants were manufacturing actually a bit from trial 
manufacturing was happening in February, March and April. Whatever of that manufacturing 
has been sold in the market has not come into the net sales, has gone to CWIP. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Only two months of operations, the operational revenue has come from those three plants into 
the P&L? 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes, in the P&L. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Got it. And let's say, whatever are the launch expenses, let's say, the dealer meets that you would 
have done, the new campaign which we saw in the World Cup, that is sitting in the P&L or that 
is also being apportioned? 
Pavan Jain: 
No. No, all that is in P&L. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Okay. So the launch cost, the dealer cost and... 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes, these are not construction expenses. So therefore, it is going to P&L. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Got it. I know it might be a bit early, but what could be the losses that you will sort of have 
budgeted for fiscal '25 and that we should look forward to, because what’s to be one parameter 
to judge? 
Pavan Jain: 
See, I don't think we are giving yearly guidance of the loss, etc. But see, as the production is 
ramping up, our marketing and brand building activities are ramping up. We will have these 
losses continuing for this year. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So we are in investment mode. And like we said, we are looking at a three-year picture, where 
after the third year of full operation, we will be positive. So I think that's what we should 
continuously aim for. And as I answered in the first question, all the KPIs and checkpoints that 
we had looked at after four months, we are running online. I think we are an investment mode, 
which is obviously acknowledged at the moment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rahul Gupta from Morgan Stanley. 
Rahul Gupta: 
I have just one question. I know you have talked about your strategy around B2B business. But 
can you just help us understand how should we look at this business from a revenue and 
profitability perspective over the next few quarters and maybe next couple of years? I mean, I 
remember you talked about around ₹200 crores monthly revenue run rate last quarter, which in 
this quarter, you have talked about around ₹550 crores per quarter. So I just want to understand 
how you are looking at this business. It helps us model better. 
Sandeep Komaravelly: 
Rahul, this is Sandeep here. Thank you for the question. So as we mentioned during the last 
quarter results and even this quarter, our revenue growth continues to be in line with what we 
had expected. Our aspiration that we had announced in the last quarter was to reach $1 billion 
in three years' time span. Our internal markets are pointing towards that, and we are in the right 
direction in achieving that goal. And as we scale up, of course, our profitability will also be in 
line with that, and we will aim to achieve profitability at that scale. So far, we are focused on 
increasing our geographical reach and also our number of customers who are transacting on the 
platform across different categories. And we are well on our way to become like the one-shop 
stop for all categories within construction and building material. So that's the goal. 
Rahul Gupta: 
That's great. Can you just help us understand what kind of losses you would be making in this 
business right now? 
Pavan Jain: 
These are not very large numbers. You see, the gross margins, as we have earlier said, will be in 
the range of about 1.5% to 4% in different product categories, okay. So that is the situation as 
far as gross margins are concerned. But yes, since the team building, and the business investment 
activity is going on so initially, there are losses, not very large numbers to be I mean, discussed 
to you. 
 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Sandeep Komaravelly: 
Yes. Look, and as a business, this is not a capex-heavy business. So our primary investment is 
predominantly in building the team, building the technology platform and increasing our reach. 
Those are the activities that we are currently focused on. And given that it's a thin margin 
business, our focus will continue to be scale above revenue. But we are also aware that it will 
take time for us to sort of enter profitability. But as Pavan has mentioned, these losses are not 
very big. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Great. Great. I have just one final question. I know you are looking to scale up your renewable 
business. Any idea over here, whether you will call out other different business or are you 
looking for any additional investment? How should we look at this business from a 2, 3, 4 years 
perspective? 
Pavan Jain: 
So, I think we have earlier also shared this that firstly, we aim to double the capacity by this 
financial year, okay? And the projects are already under implementation. So from 1-GW to 2-
GW in this financial year, and then our aim is to add maybe 1-gigawatt every year for next 2, 3 
years, depending upon the tenders or the bids, which we can successfully bid for. That is the 
idea. And as of now, there's no I mean, nothing on table to take this business out, etc. It is already 
housed in a subsidiary company of Grasim, which is a wholly owned subsidiary currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I have 2 questions on chemicals. So one on the hydrogen part of our business. So, let's say, 
whatever hydrogen that we produce from our caustic plant after using it captively for the flaker, 
or how much we are currently selling in the market? And does it form a part of our ECU 
calculation? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, thanks, Nirav for the question. So of course, we have multiple uses of hydrogen, right? And 
as you correctly said, we use it captively, we sell it, but also a certain amount of process venting 
is required to maintain the stability of the plant. I think you can roughly assume that 
approximately 10% to a quarter of our hydrogen is towards external sales. And rest is towards 
either captive consumption or maintaining process stability. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir, once we expand our caustic capacity, you have some surplus hydrogen also 
available with us. So are we planning any downstream products of hydrogen, which we are not 
having currently. So any thoughts on that? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes. So in the medium term, the answer to your question is, yes, we are looking at hydrogen 
derivatives. But as you know, the chemical industry very well. Our priority right now is chlorine 
derivatives, mainly because for hydrogen, we do have opportunity to do both sales at good price 
as well as use it internally for our energy. So it's not off the table, between hydrogen derivatives 
and chlorine derivatives, our priority is chlorine derivatives. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. So my second question is on the chlorine derivatives only. Sir, last quarter, you mentioned 
that our chlorine was revenue something close to around ₹3.5 to ₹4 negative in the overall ECU. 
So how has those chlorine prices moved this quarter? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes. So this quarter, it kind of remains at that level, but under pressure. And as you know, our 
competitor has recently added capacity. So that has put a lot of extra chlorine on the market. So, 
the ₹3,500 assumption is roughly correct, but with downward pressure. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And when we analyse our VAPs. So, if you can help us like given our VAPs portfolio in 
terms of the user industries between, let's say, agro PVC, water treatment and the industrial side, 
how are volumes of chlorine moves around this user segments? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So I'll give you a rough assumption breakout, right? So assume around 40% for water treatment. 
Between 30%, 35% for what we would call the industrial users. We have about a quarter in 
plasticizers and PVC additives. And then maybe close to 10%, 15% in really speciality things 
like refrigerants, pharma, agrochemicals. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir, last bit from my side is, so we have seen some of the downstream VAPs. The prices 
have been improved specifically on the CMS side of the business. So one, we have seen an 
improvement in our EBITDA this quarter from ₹195 to ₹310. If you can just help us breakdown 
between, let's say, how much we have seen improvement in our VAP side of the business 
sequentially? And was something being contributed also by the epoxy side where our volumes 
have further gone up this quarter over and above what we have clocked in last quarter? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, both of our chlorine derivative portfolio and epoxy portfolio have grown and contributed. 
But as you must have noticed from our results, we had a plant turnaround in the fourth quarter. 
We were hooking up some new electrical items. We were doing a lot of overdue maintenance. 
And that turnaround basically took, let us say, about 18 days of effective capacity away and that 
is the part that was subtracted. So that should help you kind of figure out the main gap from what 
you would see, let's say, if we did not have the turnaround, this would be our eighth consecutive 
quarter of volume growth. You did not see it this time because of that plant turnaround and that 
was in Vilayat, it was about let's say, 10 days around. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir combining liquid and the power cost benefits what you accrued, is it safe to assume 
that 75% to 80% of this improved profitability that it is just because of the caustic business? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
No. The improvement has been in all 3 categories, it's been in caustic, but it has also been an 
epoxy as well as chlorine. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on your initial remarks on paints business. So this question is to the Birla 
Opus team, you mentioned that there is a CWIP component. So my specific question is, given 
you will have 3 more factories which will keep coming up, til the Q4, will the CWIP component 
continue to be there in Q2, Q3, Q4, that is the first clarification I wanted? 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Second is your factories are world-class, extremely large, extremely modern. So when you 
mentioned that the full breadth for the products haven't reached some of the dealers, what do 
you mean by that? Because paints logistics is fairly quick, and your demand is much lower than 
the current capacity. So why the products have not reached fully to the dealers. Could you 
explain these two? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
I'll just speak up. I'll just take up the CWIP and then give it back to Rakshit to talk about the 
range of products. I think and just for clarity, in month of February, we've announced the 
production -- the trial run started in 3 factories. On 30th April, we went into commercial 
production. The total quantity that was produced between February to 30th of April was material 
available for sales in the month of April, May, June. And that is the number that is happening. 
The same will continue to happen for whichever new factory comes up, during trial production, 
every trial production period is going to be 3 to 4 months. We have to make sure the, we are 
satisfied, when we send out in the marketplace and we have to get the whole, all the elements of 
the machinery and product ready, that's why they will be for every factory about 3 to 4 months 
of trial production. So I hope that will clarify sort of CWIP. 
Abneesh Roy: 
No, it doesn't. So does it mean that Q3, Q4 and Q2 will have the impact. I understood you said 
3 to 4 months before the launch, there is the testing of the products. But could you clarify that 
all 3 quarters will have this issue? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Step by step. Every plant, which is launched will have a 3-month period of trial production 
average. I'm just giving average. So that is the only number that we have to see. So the three 
plants, which were 30th of April that was announced, most of their production, which has 
happened after 30th of April are on commercial production, their sale has already started to take 
place in quarter 2 and quarter 3. Chamarajanagar production, which is currently in trial, their 
sales will continue to be part of the CWIP. 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So just to add, for every factory before it is commercialized, whatever is manufactured in the 
factory and sold in the market, we will not be booking that revenue that will keep on going into 
CWIP. Henceforth, what you will see every quarter because we have Chamarajanagar, we have 
Mahad and we have Kharagpur, when they start manufacturing through this financial year, part 
of their production will keep on getting into CWIP. So effectively, you will not be seeing the 
full turnover, which is actually sold in the market. Am I clear on that? 
Abneesh Roy: 
So the only request, given we want to ensure we understand this business better. My only request 
is in the coming quarters, if you could clarify what is the CWIP because you would then continue 
to struggle what exactly is the performance? Because this quarter, Q1, it seems that they also 
suggested and my own math suggests, it is around ₹80 crores, ₹90 crores. But if we don't know 
the CWIP number, how can any sell side or buy side understand what is the total number? So 
it's my humble request to give that clarification in the coming quarters also, if possible. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. If you could address the second part. 
 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Yes. So on the second part, let me be very clear. All the depots where we are, we are able to 
serve the dealer within 4 hours or the next day depending on the protocol, which the market 
leader and the other competitors have. What we meant that we don't have the full range is that 
we talked about 125 products to begin with. They come with a large number of formulations. 
And as you would understand that when you start manufacturing in a factory, there is a 
changeover, and we also want to give all SKUs to all part of India. We have already really 
manufactured more than 80% of those products, which are potentially capable of fulfilling more 
than 92%, 93% of the market's turnover. So, the products which are left are the small -- the lesser 
selling fringe, the C class, or the D class, if you use the Pareto classification, which are only left, 
which will also be covered. So, we have manufactured the bulk of the important products which 
make the market, which are already there in the depots, and which are effectively being ordered 
by dealers. Does that clear the answer? 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes. That's quite useful. My second and last question is on the mass media campaign. So, your 
advertisement was quite differentiated, and most people definitely like the use of the cartoon and 
overall, I think a very pleasant ad and very good visibility during the Cricket World Cup. My 
question is in terms of campaigns going ahead, if you could tell us, did you also target, say, 
Olympics, for example, what are the other the DCs, which you are targeting currently is the 
regional DCs, the Hindi DCs and what will be the plan in terms of brand ambassador. I'm not 
asking for specifics because a lot of these will evolve based on competition, based on your own 
target. But some clarity if you can give till know what has happened into the mass media and 
what's the plan on brand ambassador? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So let me first tell you what has already happened. So we are still on television with the brand 
campaign, which is Make Life Beautiful. We have done national outdoors. We are there on radio, 
we are there on social media. So basically, the first part of our campaign is what is Birla Opus. 
So, you could see that Birla Opus is in paints, and we have come with a differentiated way of 
communicating, our feedback is that consumers are 100% able to connect the brand Birla Opus, 
the fact that is in paints, because there used to be a lot of misattributions because all the other 
paint companies advertise in a similar manner. So, people were confused whether it is from 
brand A or brand B. Our current campaign has been present in all regional languages, in all the 
major regional languages on all regional channels. We are a pan-India player, in the future, we 
will continue to have campaigns, which will also be of a slightly different type, but we will keep 
on addressing the whole of India, which means we will always come with language translations, 
and we will be there on all media, including press, including print, including social media. In 
terms of final strategies or what am I going to communicate for that, you will have to wait and 
watch. But as you can see that we have a very effective way, at least in the first campaign, and 
we hope to continue that tradition. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Nothing on brand ambassador, right? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
No. Everybody asked about brand ambassador. But like I said, you have to just keep watching 
what happens. And I think the animation was done very well and thank you for that feedback. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Yes, couple of questions, Paints segment. So is there a way to identify or do you learn like how 
is the retail acceptance while you are pushing volumes to dealers? How are customers, let's say, 
buying a product? Because you've talked about tinting machine being able to track your business, 
how it has been sold. So, do we learn that? Also, a question on like these ₹80 crores maybe 
which have been discussed. So how is the exit like, let's say, the number for June and maybe 
shall we look at like ₹80 crore into three, kind of number, for second quarter and just in terms 
of direction for the paints business? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Okay. So let me repeat on the second question. Like we said that ₹80 crores that has been booked 
for the quarter is only a part of the actual sale that we have done. And like Pavan said, we will 
consider what to disclose, say, from next quarter onwards, we'll discuss it within ourselves. But 
it's only a part of the sale that we have done. The obvious part is that the real retail sales is much 
more. 
 
Your first question in terms of obviously, dealer acceptance is good, and people are buying in. 
We have also been continuously doing our retail audits and basis the information that we have 
from the tinting machine and what is selling off, and we are very happy that the sellout rate from 
the dealers is exceptional. So, our retail audit of stores where we have gone and seen stocks sold 
till date and taken inventory of stocks lying in the store, suggest that the inventory lying in the 
store is a small part of what we have sold till now, which means majority of it has been sold out. 
 
Also, like we said, we have a unique tinting machine where online, I can see what is being tinted 
by the dealers. I now am getting access to a lot of insightful information about what product is 
being based, how much is being tinted, which is probably not there with any other player, which 
is giving me more idea of what is selling out, which is also going to help me in the near future 
in doing my demand plan, is what I would like to put. So we are very happy with the offtake of 
Birla Opus from the retail stores. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My other question is on like your depreciation interest has hardly changed on a quarter-to-quarter 
basis despite capitalization of the three plants. How is this the run rate, which we should expect 
for, like for the next couple of quarters also? Or is it like major portion is not getting factored 
here? 
Pavan Jain: 
So, interest depreciation is in the addition is only for three plants and only for two months, okay, 
to P&L. So that is the only difference. And I mean, as we capitalize more plants going forward, 
then this will go up. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. And last question on your VSF segment. Are we looking at expansion because we are 
operating at, I think, very high utilization, any growth capex in that business like once now we 
preclude our capex in this year? 
 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Harikrishna Agarwal: 
Yes. We are studying different options. And for the time being, we are trying to maximize 
production from our existing hardware. And there are some opportunities we will exploit. And 
definitely, we are studying the next phase of our growth. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Raashi Chopra from Citigroup. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Just a couple of bookkeeping questions as well as on your outlook for both the VSF and the 
Chemicals business before I ask the others from you? 
Harikrishna Agarwal: 
Outlook for VSF and Chemicals. So on the VSF business, is a cyclical business, textile demand, 
like we start with the retail. As we all know, retail sales has not been very great in India so far. 
We all hope that this coming festival season and wedding season will boost the retail sales. Even 
in the West, people are expecting interest rate cut, and that should also improve the consumer 
sentiment. 
 
Having said that, there is just a rotation among the fibres. So for the time being, VSF is being 
preferred over cotton and polyester in the textile industry. So that is helping the VSF 
consumption. And we expect it to be the case for some time to come. Raw material prices are 
mixed, some items are increasing, some prices are stable, and some prices are decreasing. So 
overall, it's more or less stable with slight increase tendency. So we hope that the outlook will 
be stable. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. So you're expecting margins to remain at this level? 
Harikrishna Agarwal: 
Range bound, that is what the best assessment. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. And your domestic prices, sorry, where global prices were up sequentially domestic prices 
during this quarter, were they also up? 
Harikrishna Agarwal: 
Yes. In line with the international prices. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. Got it. And Chemicals? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
Yes. Jayant here to speak about Chemicals, outlook is always a difficult one to predict, right? 
So anything I say, please take with a pinch of salt. But you will recall that I think in the last 
quarter, I had indicated that we were potentially seeing a bottoming out of caustic prices, given 
that some of the players globally were at marginal costing. That has played out. So caustic prices 
could have improved a bit. So Chinese domestic consumer demand is not getting worse. The 
government is trying hard to get that picked up. So I do maintain a mildly positive outlook. And 
the key word here is mildly positive, not a sudden change on caustic price. 
 
Chlorine is a somewhat different story because chlorine is more domestic. As you know, one of 
our competitors have guided significant capacity in Gujarat, without an integration. So chlorine 
for sure is under downward pressure. So, ECU could be flat to slightly rise. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
 
Then if you look at chlorine derivatives, the outlook is slightly favourable mainly because you 
see a pickup in the global chemical industry, whether it is agrochemical, whether it is pharma. 
But again, a lot of it depends on what happens in China. That's the difficult part of this puzzle.  
 
In our specialty chemicals, epoxy business, volume growth will continue to remain strong. We 
see good favourable tailwinds in all sectors where epoxy is used. Of course, we battle topics like 
free trade agreements with other countries, inverted duty structures, etc. which puts a limit on 
our margins, but we do expect that there will be stronger volume growth. So, I would say that 
I'm cautiously optimistic on chemicals as a sector. With the disclaimer that a lot will depend 
upon what happens with the Chinese consumer and nothing funny should happen either in the 
global supply chain because of the crises in the Middle East. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. That's very helpful. And just one last bookkeeping question. On the paints, remaining two 
plants, what are the time lines? 
Pavan Jain: 
Remaining, which time line, Raashi? 
Raashi Chopra: 
The Mahad, on the Paints segment, Mahad and Kharagpur plants, what are the timelines for 
those two? 
Pavan Jain: 
So Mahad and Kharagpur will be in somewhere in Q3 and Q4. So first Mahad in Q3 and then in 
Q4, the Kharagpur plant. Chamarajanagar has already commenced trial run production. So I 
think in Q3, we should be capitalizing that. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Got it. And you're still maintaining the high single-digit market share exit target, right, for FY 
'25? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes. Sir, just to clarify, since you mentioned, and this is regarding paints that you said revenues 
are not fully representative because of the CWIP in trial run production going into CWIP. But 
again, the back of the envelope calculation for the EBITDA loss, and I believe, including B2B 
e-commerce, it comes to roughly around ₹296 crores. And as you said, B2B commerce need not 
be a very large portion so hence, I assume that a significant portion of this ₹296 crores is related 
to paints, anywhere between ₹250 crores to ₹290 crores, some number between that. So I just 
wanted to clarify if that is fully representative of the sales that has happened and not the revenue? 
Just to understand that how should one look at losses also in the same way. 
Pavan Jain: 
So yes, Navin, see the expenses don't represent fully the revenue because of the large marketing-
related activities going on, lots of dealer meets across country, the branding campaign, etc. So 
that is the kind of investment. It will not match with the revenue for the quarter. So that part is, 
yes, I think you are right. And roughly what numbers you are saying, possibly yes, those will be  

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
the kind of broad numbers. But yes, I mean, the Building Materials segment includes, as we have 
already explained, are Cement, B2B Ecommerce, and paints. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
So, what I meant is if so the way to look at it is revenue is not fully represented correctly. But 
the expenses related to that is represented. Is that correct? 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes. That is correct. So, revenue, as part of revenue has gone to the CWIP. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
And the losses related to those CWIP revenues, I mean. Are they included in the ₹296 crores or 
not? 
Pavan Jain: 
No. So, Navin, see what has got capitalized is only the plant construction related expenses. So, 
all other expenses are coming to P&L. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
So, let me just help you. Our large expense is, as Pavan clarified to be able to do activity at the 
dealer level and the consumer level and contractor level. All those expenses has been part of the 
P&L element. As far as plants are concerned, from an operating level, their expenses are small 
and that small expenses have been put into CWIP, that's a very small component of the large 
expense of the ratio. 
Harikrishna Agarwal: 
So, if there is any loss or profit that goes to CWIP. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Yes. That is CWIP.  
Harikrishna Agarwal: 
Navin, is that your question? 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes. That's helpful. Sir, my second question was around the working capital and the net debt 
part of it. So, for the paints business, you have already spent ₹7,800 odd crores and balance 
between the, difference between the ₹10,000 odd crores, which is to be spent this year. So this 
is entirely excluding the working capital, right? As in ₹10,000 crores is the capex that we were 
looking at only from a gross block and the other support system for the paint business. It does 
not include the working capital number. Is that right? 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes. Navin. So, ₹10,139 crores, I think is the number is the capex only, which, of course, 
includes the IDC, the tinting machines, the IT system, everything. Working capital is not 
included. Okay. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood. So, your sequentially, the net debt has gone up by roughly ₹330 crores. So, I'm just 
trying to understand this because previous quarter, we were a little under ₹6,000 crores. And this 
in Q1, we have already spent close to ₹1,000 crores, right? And operations Q1 did not generate 
much cash as such. And then the working capital requirements for the businesses that we have, 
I mean, for the paints and all. So just wanted to understand that how should one look at because 
the increase quarter-on-quarter in the net debt is much lesser than what could have ideally 
happened. Is there anything that I'm missing, only the clarification? 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Pavan Jain: 
Yes. So, working capital management of our existing business has been able to generate some 
cash flows. So that has, I mean, led to the lower bad debt increases, okay? So, in this quarter, 
Q1 specifically, our operating cash flows are much higher than the EBITDA for the quarter 
because of the working capital management. Of course, that is not a permanent kind of thing. It 
will get reversed in the Q2. But that is the, I mean, short answer for that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Rishi Mody: 
Yes. So sorry if I missed this, but what amount of revenue in the Paints business has gone into 
CWIP in this quarter? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So I think this is the third time this question is being asked. So we'll say that majority has gone 
into CWIP. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. So, it would be to the tune of ₹100 crores in CWIP? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
I'm just saying majority. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. And so on the sales incentive front, right, on the incentives for the dealer, the contractor, 
the painter, if you could just give some qualitative comments on how we are differentiating 
ourselves against the market leaders, be it Asian or Berger, if you could just give us an idea 
there? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So we are doing many things which are similar to the market, but also different from the market. 
So we have a very attractive franchisee proposition for large dealers and many dealers have 
adopted and many of our stores are coming up. 
 
In terms of the way we look at putting the tinting machine as you would know, we had distributed 
a large number of tinting machines. The dealers are very happy with that package. In terms of 
what we are doing with contractors, both in terms of intensive training, the kind of training which 
we are getting from us for the first time, the app and the commercial benefits of scanning and 
rewards program is very unique. I don't think any other paint company in the market has as many 
tokens and coupons on all sizes of packs that we have given, which is the first time in the market 
and the market really likes it. So there are many things which we have done, both at the dealer 
level and at the contractor, painter, influencer level. To give you an example, nobody is giving 
token for painters on solvent products like enamels. We are giving it, and painters are very 
happy. So as you would find from your own research in the market, there are things which we 
have done, which are very different, and there is good appreciation. 
 
Also, I'm not even talking about product features, but we have product features and there are 
several communications developed for contractors and painters, which you might have got 
access to because all of them have on their phones. There are product features also which are 
unique. There are - whether it is coverage, whether it is hiding, whether it is scuffing and the 
market, including contractors and dealers have appreciated very much. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
There are some features which are purely for the benefit of painters and contractors also, in terms 
of spatter, in terms of less dirty, which painters and contractors say actually, they are saving half 
an hour every day, which they have to spend on other brands by simply they don't have to clean 
up because Birla paint does not spatter. So I'm just giving you certain examples of how there are 
multiple differentiators at the contractor painter and trade level, which is actually finding a lot 
of resonance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Due to time constraints, we'll take that as the last question. On behalf of 
Grasim Industries, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and 
gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Pavan Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
