Sonata Software Limited - SSL 
Registered Office: 208, T V Industrial Estate, 2nd Floor, S K Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 030 
Corporate Office: Tower-A, Sonata Towers, Global Village (Sattva Global City), RVCE Post, Kengeri Hobli,  
Mysore Road, Bengaluru - 560059, India 
Tel: +91 80 6778 1000 | CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110 
Website: www.sonata-software.com  
email: info@sonata-software.com 
 
 
5th August, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai   
Kind Attn:  Manager, Listing Department 
Stock Code – SONATSOFTW 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  
Kind Attn: Manager, Listing Department 
  Stock Code - 532221         
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF ANALYSTS/INVESTORS CALL 
REF: REGULATION 46(2)(OA) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 
 
Further to our disclosures dated 25th July, 2024, 29th July, 2024 and 31st July, 2024, please find enclosed 
Transcript of Analyst/Investor call of the Company held on 31st July, 2024. The same is also made available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us/investor-
relations/quarterly/results. 
  
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sonata Software Limited 
 
 
 
Mangal Kulkarni 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head Legal 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
Mangal 
Krishnarao 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by 
Mangal Krishnarao 
Kulkarni 
Date: 2024.08.05 
18:01:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Sonata Software Limited 
Q1 FY 25 Results Update Conference Call” 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMIR DHIR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED 
MR. JAGANNATHAN CHAKRAVARTHI NARASIMHAN – 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SONATA SOFTWARE 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sonata Software Limited Q1 FY '25 Results 
Update Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Samir Dhir, MD and CEO, Sonata Software Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Samir Dhir: 
Thank you, moderator. Welcome to the conference. We will discuss our strategy, the progress 
we have made in the recent quarters, our strategic plan and the financial results for the quarter 
Q1 FY '25 that just ended on 30th of June 2024. I thank you for joining us today. We appreciate 
your valuable time and support. 
 
It is my pleasure to share our progress regarding our vision and growth trajectory for Sonata, 
despite the macroeconomic challenges, geopolitical issues and slowdown of tech spending and 
decision delays across some of our verticals. Let me cover an update on our strategic goals first, 
and then I'll cover the progress we made in Q1 FY '25. 
 
The first on strategic goals. As you know, our objective is to be one of the fastest-growing 
modernization engineering firms powered by our unique Platformation framework. We aim to 
achieve revenue of 1.5 billion by end of FY '26 for the international business with an EBITDA 
of low 20s. From a growth point of view, we outlined a few critical bits. We want to continue to 
win large deals. If you recall, we announced 14 large deals in FY '24, and we're making good 
progress in that direction. 
 
We want to deliver strong M&A performance, and our most recent acquisition on Quant has 
been successfully integrated with our core business, and we want to leverage our partnership 
ecosystem with Microsoft, AWS and other key partners and continue to win new clients that can 
scale to 10 million, 25 million, 50 million clients for Sonata in time to come. 
 
We want to achieve these three goals of winning large deals of doing successful M&As, and 
building strong partnerships in four verticals that we have called out, Healthcare Life Sciences, 
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance, Retail, Manufacturing and Hi-tech TMT. With 
investments in Healthcare Life Sciences and BFSI verticals, we incubated these verticals in the 
second half of 2022, and we also have to focus on the five geographies, which is North America, 
UK, Europe, India and Australia. 
 
As you know, we modernize our clients' technology infrastructure using our differentiated 
lightning tools, IP and offerings. We're pleased to report that we're making significant progress 
towards our stated goals. However, we will need a few more quarters to reach our goal of 1.5 
billion, as we outlined earlier, we probably will need two to four more quarters to reach to those 
goals given the macroeconomic slowdown. 
 
With that, let me provide an update on each of the strategic vectors I just talked about. So, let's 
talk about the large deal first. Our large deal pursuits are a significant part of our strategy, with 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 3 of 20 
 
47% of our active pipeline coming from this high-value opportunities across our four verticals 
and geographies. 
 
Let's take a moment to celebrate the three significant victories we had in Q1 FY '25. First deal 
is for a U.S.-based premier healthcare provider, Sonata will enable an optimum global delivery 
model and modernize their technology stack using hyper automation and AI. Our teams will 
deliver cloud infrastructure modernization services and operations in our managed services 
model. This is an AI model-driven deal for us to modernize their technology infrastructure. As 
the client starts to move to a more managed model, we will move work from on-site to offshore 
in the coming two to four quarters. 
 
The second win we had is in the manufacturing and services industry in Australia. We have been 
chosen by the client as a partner to migrate legacy systems to the latest Microsoft technology 
platform for standardization and modernization, a move that will benefit the client in the long-
term. 
 
The third deal is for our banking financial services customer. We're very excited about this win. 
It's one of the top financial corporation in the U.S., Sonata has been chosen as a strategic partner 
to migrate on-prem-based applications to platform on Cloud. This is also a modernization deal. 
These three wins of large deals in this quarter underscore our commitment, our investments, 
both in the Modernization Engineering space and AI. The deals of Manufacturing and BFSI, I 
just talked about, are margin accretive for Sonata, both in the short and long-term. 
 
The Healthcare deal is not dilutive long-term, but will have a short-term margin impact for the 
next two to four quarters, as we complete the transition and make the upfront AI investment 
needed for the deal. If we go to the second strategic vector that as we have talked about is an 
update on AI, if you recall, we expect 20% of our revenue to come from AI services in the next 
three years. 
 
Currently, we have 65 million pipelines across 110 clients and are excited to have new wins 
towards an order book of about $1 million in the most recent quarter. In parallel, we're also 
driving AI adoption within the Sonata function from finance to CSR to operations to sales and 
presales. 
 
We have invested in an AI cross-functional organization led by Sharmila Sherikar, who drives 
AI across Sonata and partners with CTO and sales organization to accelerate our go-to-market 
strategies, partnerships, research and continued strategy refinement as GenAI technologies are 
maturing. 
 
To give you an example for the most recent win in healthcare for our Health-Tech client, we are 
harnessing the power of AI to ensure comprehensive and representative demographic coverage 
in clinical trials. Our clients aim to eliminate bias on the sample of people covered during clinical 
trials. We will use AI to ensure regulatory adherence for the client, drive demographic coverage, 
using GenAI to gather new regulations and automate the adherence process with requisite 
approvals in-built. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
Our Harmoni.AI infrastructure was pivoted enabling the deal win and subsequent AI model 
implementation. Our responsible first approach prioritizes ethics, trust, privacy, security and 
compliance and continues to empower our clients to make the right decisions. 
 
Across several clients, we are enabling GenAI driven engineering scale, especially with our 
InteliQ Solution Accelerator, which drives efficiencies in the software development life cycle. 
Approximately 67% of Sonatians are now GenAI Level one trained, demonstrating our 
commitment to upskilling and potential to up AI across our operations. 
 
With that, let me move to the third update, which is an update on scale. As you know, we have 
been focused on driving accelerated outcomes for our client’s using modernization. Within that, 
cloud and data are a significant bet that we made. We have continued progress in the cloud and 
data pipeline. And that now stands at 52% of our pipeline. To put this in perspective, more than 
half of the pipeline of Sonata is now from cloud and data. That number was about 15% two years 
back. 
 
Microsoft Fabric, as you know, Sonata is proud of being a feature and large part of Microsoft 
Fabric, a data analytics platform for the era of AI, which was made generally available in 
November 2023. 
 
Our expertise and unwavering endeavor helped us win nine deals in Q1 of FY 2025. We continue 
to witness significant pipeline build for Fabric since its launch with a 46 million pipeline across 
80-plus clients. A team of 450 plus Microsoft certified Azure data professionals, and 150-plus 
DP-600 certified professionals, enables our clients to leverage this new end-to-end analytics 
SaaS platform paradigm. 
 
Microsoft Dynamics, which has been the cornerstone of our success for many years, we won 
five midsized deals in the most recent quarter. The quarter witnessed success in continuous 
modernization in Dynamics and green shoots are seen in the c-space and power platform 
pipelines. 
 
For one of our clients with operations across 17 countries, 20,000 farmers members and 21 large 
retail stores, our CTRM.Ai IP, we will modernize their Agri platform, resulting in 27% more 
efficient operations, and 15% reduction in Farm-to-Fork time to consumer as part of Agro 365 
Vision that we jointly created with the client. 
 
Our second business, with its focus on annuity business, continues to deliver consistent strong 
growth with industry-leading ROCE of 47.3% in Q1. In the most recent quarter, Sonata made 
its debut in the Brand Finance India 100, 2024. We were adjudged as one of the top three fastest-
growing Indian brands with an 83% increase in our brand value. Brand Finance is the world's 
leading independent brand valuation and strategy consulting firm. 
 
Update on talent. We continue to focus our focus on attracting, engaging and developing high-
caliber talent to help achieve our business goals. Sonata University has been at the forefront of 
our capability building, initiatives and saw increased usage in the acquisition of new skills such 
as GenAI. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
We're very proud of the progress we made on gender diversity. We have now reached 31%, an 
increase of 2% in the last four quarters on gender diversity. Our employee engagement and D&I 
programs have been recognized by SHM in the most recent quarter. 
 
With that view of the strategy and update on our strategic choices and investments, let me now 
provide an update on the Q1 FY '25 performance. We are proud to be quickly  bouncing back to 
growth after a decline in Q4 in FY 2024 due to large deal delays and associated costs. In Q1, the 
International Services business grew 1.3% quarter-on-quarter. In constant currency terms, we 
have witnessed 1.4% quarter-on-quarter growth. 
 
In the most recent quarter, we saw book-to-bill of 1.24 factors in the International Services 
business. We are still pursuing another 49 large deals, which is in addition to the three deals we 
closed in the most recent quarter. In Q1 FY '25, the three deals we closed had one of the Fortune 
50 companies in the banking space. 
 
Our EBITDA, before other income and forex grew sequentially 1.4%, a significant improvement 
from last quarter EBITDA, from 17.3% in Q4 to 18.7% in Q1. In SITL, our gross contribution 
in domestic business grew 7% quarter-on-quarter from INR64.8 crores to INR68.5 crores. 
Utilization remained steady at 87%. Quarter-on-quarter, our headcount increased by 198 FTEs 
with an overall accretion for the quarter being around 16%. 
 
We have now at 21 clients, who have a run rate of more than 3 million annually at Sonata. Last 
year, same time, that number was 16, so increased by 5. We moved from 16 to 21 clients with 
more than 3 million annual revenue run rate. In addition, we now have 12 clients with more than 
5 million revenue run rate. 
 
In summary, we have diverse capability are optimistic about our long-term growth prospects. In 
coming quarters, we'll continue to face tailwinds and headwinds. The tailwinds will be due to 
the large deals and top client and HLS, Healthcare and Life Sciences. We are very bullish about 
the progress we are making in large deals. We're very positive about the progress we're making 
in our top line and Healthcare and Life Sciences. 
 
There are headwinds too. On the headwind side, the deal decisioning continues to be delayed. 
The project completion at our clients in the U.K., Europe and retail manufacturing remain slow 
in the upcoming quarters. In addition, the large healthcare deal we just won will be dilutive for 
the first two to three quarters and will get the company profitability by end of the fiscal year. 
 
Team Sonata remains committed to judiciously accelerate the growth curve and build scale in 
terms of large clients, deals, market, partnerships and talent. I want to take this moment to thank 
all Sonatinas globally for their commitment and hard work, work ethics and quality of outcome 
they deliver for our clients. 
 
Thank you. And with that, let me turn it over to Jagan for his comments. Jagan? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Thank you, Samir, for the overview. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, all. Let me 
start with the update on International Services business for the quarter1, 2025. International 
business revenue for Q1 was $82.7 million. Q-on-Q grew by 1.3% and year-on-year, it was 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 6 of 20 
 
6.9%. In Q1 rupee revenue stands at INR688 crores, which is also 1.3% quarter-on-quarter 
growth and year-on-year 8.5%. In constant currency terms, the revenue witnessed 1.4 percentage 
quarter-on-quarter growth and 7.5 percentage growth year-on-year. 
 
Coming to profitability, International Services EBITDA before forex and other income stands 
18.7% against 17.3% in Q4 2024. This reflects the 1.4%improvement in the profitability in the 
current quarter. The profit for international services stands at INR65.2 crores, which was mainly 
influenced by a forex loss and a change in the taxation because of SEZ moving from first 5 years 
to second 5 years bracket, resulting in impact on the overall profitability of the company also. 
 
The growth driven by top client and the Quant profitability offset by transition and the AI 
investment in the large deal in the new healthcare deal, what Samir mentioned. At the 
international services level, the Q1 2025 ROCE stood at 18.8%, Q4 was 24%. And Q1 2025 
RONW stood at 21.6% compared to 26.7% last quarter. This major impact is because of 
borrowings have increased for us from $43 million to $75 million. That was the reason for the 
impact. The returns have not reflected in spite of increasing the profitability because of the loan 
amount increase in this quarter. 
 
Now I will talk about the domestic business. Our revenue for Q1 stands at INR1,849.4 crores, 
grew by 22.1 percentage quarter-on-quarter and 32.9% year-on-year. The gross contribution in 
Q1 '25 stands at INR68.5 crores grew 5.8% quarter-on-quarter and 10.7% year-on-year. PAT for 
Q1 was INR40.5 crores, which grew 0.9% grew Q-on-Q, at 0.6% year-on-year. 
The DSO continues to be very strong in domestic business, it is 35 days compared to 36 days 
previously. The ROCE for domestic business has increased to 47.3% percentage from 41.7% 
mainly because of improved profitability as well as one of the loan amount, which was taken for 
a working capital purpose has been repaid. In the consolidated business, our revenue for Q1 
stands at INR2,527.4 crores. It grew by 15.3% quarter-on-quarter and 25.4% year-on-year. 
PAT at consolidated business stands at INR105.6 crores. It reflects a degrowth of 4.3% quarter-
on-quarter and 12.1% year-on-year. Consolidated EPS for the quarter 1 was INR3.81 per share 
compared to INR4.33 per share last quarter. At consol level, ROCE stands at 23.5% and RONW 
stands at 27.7% this quarter. 
 
Moving on to some important operating metrics. Total head count moved from 6,416 in Q4 '24 
to 6,619 in Q1 '25. Net addition for the quarter has been 203. This head count addition 
compromises of campus addition of 150 people in offshore and ramped up on-site towards a 
large health care deal. 
Utilization in Q1 '25 stood at 87 percentage, last quarter it was 87.4%, drop in utilization is 
mainly due to campus additions, added 14 new customers in quarter 1, 2025. Top 10 clients 
contributed revenue share of 50 percentage compared to 52% last quarter. The number of clients, 
more than 3 million run rate in quarter 1 '25 is 21 customers compared to 16 last quarter. The 
vertical mix in Q1 '25 is as follows: TMT's 36 percentage. Retail and manufacturing are 34%. 
HLS is 10% and BFS is 16% and emerging is 4%. Revenue by top GTMs, data is 16 percentage, 
dynamics is 25% and cloud is 39%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
As mentioned by Samir, our data and cloud also occupy more than 50 percentage of our pipeline 
opportunities. The Q1 '25 order books stood at 1.24 times of International Services revenue. Our 
International Services DSO for Q1 was 45 days, it is same as the last quarter. In summary, we 
continue to remain optimistic about our long-term growth prospects. Thank you.  
 
With that, let me turn to moderator for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dhiraj Dave from Samvad Financial Service. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiraj Dave: 
Yes. So, my one question is basically, we've seen this healthcare deal kind of resulting into 
EBITDA margin and management also suggested that it would  like margins would be resuming 
to normal by end of FY '25. Can you basically say what are the factors basically why we have 
seen the decline in profitability? And by what time we shall expect previous levels, whether we 
are striving to reach that. Management gives some color. Maybe what is the basis point decline 
in EBITDA margin, which can be explained by new deals? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
This is Jagan here. This is a large 7-year deal. It is one of the largest deals in the recent time. 
What we have agreed with the customer is to do modernization, and this involves the 
development of AI platform in the initial period and that will be deployed in -- continuously in 
their system for some time and then hand over the IP to them. In this model, secondly, they have 
their own employees also. We are re-badging their Onsite employees, in the initial period. 
And over the next few quarters, we will be doing more offshoring. So, these two components of 
more on-site in the initial days, and the investment for the AI platform development is going to 
decrease the profitability from this deal. It will recover back towards the company average after 
the three or four quarters. Overall, the deal is very much above the company's average margins 
also. 
Dhiraj Dave: 
And secondly, Jagan, basically, we do get the C-suite link also and there we find a couple of 
slides which are not appearing in presentation. So, my suggestion would be if you can integrate 
and give one presentation because every time I get confused in finance income, we have four or 
five slides, which are not part into the main debt. 
 
So rather than having two presentations in two ways, why can't we have a consolidated 
presentation, and that will make everyone basically we can focus on con call as well. Otherwise, 
we are looking at one presentation, something like data points, which you talk, they come in 
second presentation, but that's not available in the main presentation. So, my request is if you 
can integrate one and give only one presentation, that would be good. Wish you all the best. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Thank you, definitely we'll consider that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Akshada from Vivog Commercial. 
Akshada: 
Hi. I have a couple of questions. So first, your international growth has still kept, and it's been a 
little under what we would -- or I would have expected. So why is that the case? I do understand 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 8 of 20 
 
there were some deferments, but are we expecting those to continue? And my second question 
is regarding the guidance. Do we maintain the guidance for FY '26? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Okay. I want just to give a clarification on that. I'll start with the guidance for the year. Our 
guidance has been -- our growth will be more than the industry growth. We have not given any 
specific numbers for the growth in this year. 
Akshada: 
No, I mean the FY '26 guidance. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Meeting of 0.5 billion and 1.5 billion target. 
Akshada: 
Correct. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
That will be delayed -- I've been telling for the last one quarter that the achievement of our goal 
will be delayed at least by a couple of quarters more. That is our expectation now. 
Akshada: 
Okay. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
 Coming to the question of momentum and the revenue growth, pipeline is strong Order book is 
strong, as we've said, the revenue momentum particularly for BFSI and for healthcare will 
bounce back, but BFSI will take a little while. So, we expect the momentum in the revenue 
growth to come by Q3 of this year. But it will be a positive growth for Q1 and Q2. 
Samir Dhir: 
Akshada, let me just add to what Jagan said. So, if you recall back in May, when we talked 
about, we guided that will be between 1% to 3% for Q1 and Q2, which was our expectation, and 
I think we come within the range of what we have guided for in the first half of the year. We 
fully expect to come back on growth to our old growth rates by the third quarter of this year. I 
think that's something that we're working on. We're very excited about the pipeline and the order 
book that we have. 
 
For the first two quarters of the year, we had seen that back in January, March quarter that these 
will be a little softer quarter for us. That's point number 1. Point number 2, when we guided for 
being a $1.5 billion company that was about two years back that time the market scenarios were 
different. So, we do expect about two to four quarters delay on the original plan. But we are still 
very much pushing and working towards getting to the 1.5 billion with maybe about two to four 
quarters delay on the overall run rate, we talked about earlier, Akshada. 
Akshada: 
So, as we are able to book more contracts, it's just that we are facing a little bit of delay in order 
to start those said contracts and because we're also making expenditure to fulfill the contract. 
That's why margins have also been a little hampered and revenue has been pushed back a couple 
of quarters at least, as in the -- it has been what you've been facing so far? 
Samir Dhir: 
That is correct. So, if you recall, our earlier large deals were closing in about one to two quarters, 
average was about two quarters. This time for closing has now become about three to 3.5 
quarters. So, we are definitely seeing that decision delays impacting our ability to close large 
deals from a longevity perspective or duration point of view. However, because we have, like I 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 9 of 20 
 
said earlier, we have 49 large deals. So, we're still very optimistic about the momentum to keep 
catching up as we address this decision delays that we have been seeing in the marketplace. 
 
So that's what is explaining the Q1, Q2 softness that we have seen compared to our own run rate. 
That's what we guided earlier. We have seen that coming. That's why we guided the market for 
two quarters, we'll see slightly lower-than-expected growth of our own run rate. As far as the 
margins are concerned, clearly, the healthcare deal that Jagan alluded to, this is a transformation 
deal with AI built in. 
So, we're going to make an investment in the deal itself in the next three quarters to make sure 
that we can transform the AI built-in state, and also, this is a largely on-site deal right now and 
work to move from on-site to offshore. And as we move the work from on-site to offshore, our 
profitability will kick back in latest by Q4 of this year. That's what our expectation is right now.  
Akshada: 
So, what is the expected revenue for the U.S. based healthcare deal that you were just talking 
over? 
Samir Dhir: 
We can't disclose, unfortunately, the revenue size of the deal, but in our parlance, it's a large 
deal, Akshada. 
Akshada: 
Okay. Can you... 
Samir Dhir: 
Important just one more quick point. It's a very important deal. It's a 7-year program. We took a 
conscious call to take a short-term hit for the long-term benefit of the company. We think it's a 
strategically important deal. It's one of the key premier providers in the U.S. market. So, it opens 
up the whole provider market for Sonata as we move forward. 
As you know, healthcare vertical was incubated by us about two years back. For us to open a 7-
year large contract, it's very significant step for us. Yes, it's a dilution for three quarters, maybe 
two to three quarters, but we fully expect this will be accretive to company  byQ4 and definitely 
Q1. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
This is the largest deal in the recent past for us. 
Akshada: 
Okay. That's great. My last question is the decision delay that you've been facing, and the 
industry has been facing. Do we have any data or any momentum that can tell us that in the next 
two quarters things would get better? Or is it more of an industry assumption so far? 
Samir Dhir: 
It's largely the industry headwind -- it basically drawn some -- for the markets and the industries 
that we operate in, the verticals we operate in, which is healthcare, banking, retail and hi tech. 
We're definitely seeing some delays. And we think in the client base and verticals that we operate 
in, is catching up -- the delay cycle is catching up. And as the pipeline builds up, we'll be back 
on our old growth rates. 
Akshada: 
Okay. Okay. Thank so much. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Suraj Malu: 
Can you maybe provide what is the employee expense --  
Samir Dhir: 
Suraj, can you speak a little louder, please. 
Suraj Malu: 
Yes. Can you please share the -- for the domestic business what is the employee expense, other 
expense and other income for this quarter? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
There is no exceptional other income or other expenses for this quarter in domestic business. It's 
a regular one, normal investment income and forex gains or losses. 
 
Employee expenses is in line with the business growth. We have added a few more people in 
the business. So, this cost is in line with the revenue growth normally. 
Suraj Malu: 
Got it. Is it possible to share the absolute amount? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Difficult. We don't share it outside because that -- for one quarter if I share, I have to share for 
every quarter.  There is nothing to hide, but for that business, the product cost is more important 
than the employee cost. So, we continue to hold that stand. 
Suraj Malu: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. Mihir, may I request you to unmute your line and go ahead with your question 
please. 
Mihir Manohar: 
I mean, sir, I wanted to understand on the absolute EBITDA. I mean, when I see the press release, 
are the press release for international business, the EBITDA is INR143 crores. The EBITDA for 
1Q FY '25 for the international business in the press release is INR129 crores. So, in that context 
there appears to be a 9.9% growth versus the 9.5% growth that you have mentioned in the press 
release. So how to understand it, is there any typo or anything like that? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Can you come again on the question? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes. So basically, I mean, when we see 4Q '24 press release, the international business EBITDA 
is INR143 crores. And this particular quarter, international business EBITDA is INR129 crores? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Okay. That is one important change we have done, we have put a star and given that. This is 
what we have started giving EBITDA before other income and forex, because everywhere else, 
we disclose only EBITDA before other income and forex. We synchronized this in line with all 
other presentations. Hence, we changed this also. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Okay. Understood. So last quarter, INR143 crores had other income and forex. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Other income and forex. This quarter, it doesn't have. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Okay. Understood. Sure. Second question was on the fact last time there were -- we were saying 
that there were some undeployed resources, which were there on the on-site because of the 
healthcare deal, one of the healthcare deals that did not ramp up on the expected lines. So, I 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 11 of 20 
 
mean, have we deployed resources which were there? Or is there any some part of the impact 
still pending? 
Samir Dhir: 
So let me take that. And just on the first point as well, Mihir, the EBITDA for international 
business is up by 1.4% quarter-on-quarter. So, in terms of percentage, we definitely gained 
ground on EBITDA, just to clarify that point. 
 
On the point about the deal in itself, so while we have closed the healthcare deal, there was 
another healthcare deal that we mentioned in the last quarter. That deal has actually gone on hold 
at this point in time. So, customer is not taking any decision at this point. So, we have withdrawn 
all the investments on the deal. And those investments have been redeployed into other areas, 
including this new large deal that we just announced. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. Understood. Just I mean just two questions. one -- I mean, is the wage hike impact there 
for the full part of the year? I mean, when will the wage hike be given? 
 
And last question was on the margins for the domestic business. Now when we see margins in 
domestic business, as I said, 2.6% which is like close to, I mean, 11, 12 quarters low. So how to 
understand the margins in the domestic business, why they have corrected this particular year, 
when you see the absolute EBITDA for domestic, it was 16% down. So how to see margins for 
domestic? And, yes, those are the questions. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Yes. Please don't measure the business as a percentage of margin, you have to take the absolute 
amount of gross contribution. It was around INR 64.5 crores last quarter, and at INR 68.4crores 
this quarter. The absolute contribution has grown up. So that is the way we measure the business. 
We don't see the percentage of margin for this business, absolute amount of margin will grow 
only with volume. 
 
So, if you see last quarter, the revenue was somewhere around INR1,515 crores. Now this is 
INR1,849 crores we have got. So, you have to measure this business only on the absolute amount 
of gross contribution. We don't see a percentage of profit. This is volume-driven, high-volume 
business with low margin. So, depending on the mix of the product, each quarter, margin should 
vary. You can't measure it exactly with percentage of margin. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. Sure. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Other question? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes. Wage hike, when is the wage hike effective from? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Pardon. 
Mihir Manohar: 
For wage hike? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
In Q2, we are planning for wage hike for the junior management and Q3 will be for middle 
managers and senior managers. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir. Understood. Okay. That’s it from my side. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag from Ashika Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead.  
Chirag: 
Hi. Just one question. You mentioned that three years down the line, we are expecting 20% of 
the revenue from generative AI and all. So, what sort of margin and operating profile of work 
we are looking in this area? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. So, I think the margin for the current wins and the pipelines that we have is accretive to the 
average margin. So, we are definitely seeing an uptick because these are generally speaking, 
more business-driven deals and IT-driven deals because most of the sale and projects that we're 
winning is really working with the business stakeholders directly. Example I talked about, the 
HealthTech client is also sell into the business side of the house. So, margins are accretive to the 
average and other margins. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And one more question. As we expect H2 is likely to be better than H1 which vertical and 
geos do you think will push the growth or accelerate the recovery in comparison to H1? 
Samir Dhir: 
There are two points. I think we expect H2 the growth to be higher than H1 based on our 
recommendation, but we'll see gross margin pressure because of the large deal we just talked 
about, we'll see some pressure on that for only for two, three quarters, like we mentioned earlier, 
but revenue definitely will be higher than the first half is our current estimate at least. 
 
As far as the verticals are concerned, we are seeing very good momentum in the high-tech 
vertical. I think overall, in the high-tech, especially with the largest client of Sonata, we're seeing 
good momentum there. I think the momentum, we fully expect to continue going into the second 
half of the year as well. The healthcare vertical is definitely in the up right now for us. We had 
a good successful first quarter. We expect it to continue to grow as we move forward. 
 
And then banking and financial services, not insurance so much, but the banking side of the 
business, we are definitely beginning to see some green shoots there. I think that will kick up us 
again. On the not-so-good side, like I said earlier, the retail business is going to be soft in the 
next two quarters to three quarters. 
Chirag: 
So generally, what I've seen in the commentary of the other years in the market that more 
experience a stability kind of trending from -- stable kind of spending from an insurance set of 
client and where we see some sort of muted sort of vision in your commentary. So why such 
divergence is there? 
Samir Dhir: 
Because our portfolio on insurance is relatively small. If you look at our BFSI portfolio, I think 
the insurance portal will be of 20% of it. So, we are not a very scaled insurance provider. So, 
our comment is very specific in that sense. But banking side, we're definitely seeing the 
momentum coming back up, including the large deal we just announced.  
Chirag: 
And within banking, can you highlight the... 
Samir Dhir: 
Sorry, you're breaking up. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Chirag: 
I mean within banking which areas do you think accelerate the momentum? 
Samir Dhir: 
Within banking the bulk of the work we're doing from a technology perspective is in the data 
and cloud side, but on the -- if you look at the division of banking, it's largely the retail banking 
side of the equation. 
Chirag: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of from Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Yes. Hi, Samir and Jagan. Few questions. So, when you say this new deal is margin dilutive for 
first few quarters, what is the base that you are assuming to be margin dilutive from? Because 
in last two quarters, we are trending at a lower than Sonata's average in terms of margin in our 
international business. And this quarter, you have changed the definition of EBITDA margin as 
well the way you report it. So, when you say dilutive, are we looking at dilutive from mid -- 
sorry, low 20% kind of a number or from the current levels of margins, if you can clarify that? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Yes. See couple of points I have to share with you. We have not changed the way that EBITDA 
is reported. EBITDA was reported in all the places investor presentation earnings presentation 
everywhere, it was reported as EBITDA before forex and other income. This was also an input 
from couple of analysts like you, who earlier gave us the input that we measured only by 
EBITDA before other income and forex. So, we started reporting in that way. It is almost like 
more similar to EBIT, what you people measure on that. So, we are synchronized. We thought 
that press release alone is having after other income and forex, so we've standardized that. 
The second point is, we have headwinds in the Q2 and Q3 due to salary increase, The third point 
is, this deal is also a little dilutive on the margin compared to company margin. It's not a loss-
making deal, but it is a little dilutive compared to the company average margin level. 
Hence, we said there will be an impact of it. Coming to the EBITDA margin, we said the last 
quarter margin will be muted till end of this financial year we have improved this quarter, and 
we are trying to be in this range of margin. But we may not be at early 20s margin, we will reach 
there by end of this financial year, that how we have committed earlier, and we are still positive 
towards that plan. The EBITDA will be a range between what we reported in Q4, and early 20s.  
Prolin Nandu: 
Jagan, that clarifies. Now coming to the point of -- you mentioned there are some green shoots 
in BFSI domain, retail banking. This is a thing that most of the other of your peers have also 
highlighted. They have also highlighted that there are some green shoots even in discretionary 
spend. 
But going by your comment, it feels like the decisiveness in terms of closure of deal is pretty 
much at a similar level where it was in last quarter. So, is there any reason for this divergence, 
one is that? And secondly, related to BFSI, we had a deal in Quant also, which -- fintech deal, if 
I'm not wrong, which was delayed, so where are we on Quant? And are we completely on top of 
how the seasonality works in that acquisition? So yes, a few questions, but you'll get the gist of 
it.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. Let me see if I can answer each of them one by one. So, the large deal that we just 
announced is the joint Quant and Sonata bill. To answer your question, that's the one that we 
just announced the third deal. We're very excited about it. Now as far as your question is 
concerned of seasonality, I think, yes, absolutely, we have factored in seasonality. If you recall, 
in Q4 January, March quarter, we did see softness in the Quant business, and that's a largely 
seasonality driven. 
And I think even in the next Q4, our Q4, January, March, we'll see a seasonality effect in Quant 
again. That's just the cycle of the business at Quant run. So that's on the seasonality side. The 
third question that you had was on the discretionary spend. So, the growth that we're seeing in 
banking is largely on the discretionary side. 
What my comment was on the large deals. So large deals are taking still longer time across 
verticals, but the discretionary spend is opening in small to midsized projects. But we still 
continue to see large deals taking time as much as it's not closing as fast as they were probably 
closing earlier. So, it's consistent to that extent from industry, the discretionary spend has 
definitely opened up, may not be in big deals, but definitely, the signs are there, it's opening up 
in banking. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Great. Last question is on Microsoft, right? I mean, that's one of the biggest clients for us in 
terms of selling to and selling through Microsoft. Now if I listen to the conference call of 
Microsoft, I see a 20% kind of a jump in terms of Fabric paid customers for Microsoft on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
So, when we think about monetization of this relationship that we have specifically on Fabric, 
how should we look at these paying customers for Microsoft and monetization opportunity for 
us? That is one. And on the Dynamics also, if I'm not wrong, what happened last quarter was the 
F&O vertical, which is finance and operations, there were some headwinds there while sales are 
doing better, what is the situation there? If you can highlight some bit on Microsoft, that would 
be very helpful.  
Samir Dhir: 
So let me take the second part of the question, then come to the first part. So, the Dynamics as 
far as F&O is concerned, we're definitely seeing a stronger order book in Q1. And I think that 
will reflect in our coming quarters in Q2 and Q3, both. So, I think the business is back on the 
growth rate if we had anticipated. So, we are not concerned about the Dynamics part per se. 
As far as the question is concerned on the Fabric side, now what Microsoft has done is they are 
really combined their Power BI and Fabric businesses largely, and the number that you're seeing 
is a combination of Power BI and Fabric. What we are talking about is the Fabric on its own, 
not Power BI included. And we have continued to see some good momentum in the Fabric side. 
So, some of the new logos that we opened recently, we announced a few last quarters, even this 
quarter, we opened several new logos, Fabric is helping us open those logos with very 
differentiated Sonata offering at this point in time. So, it is helping us scale it out. 
 
Now with Fabric, what happens as you get into a client, a new client, you do a proof of concept, 
it takes about two to three quarters. And then you start to piece up to a larger deal of data 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 15 of 20 
 
transformation overall. So, we're still in the phase of the first part of the data projects coming 
up. In fact, we just closed another midsized deal on Fabric, which is a multiyear contract on data 
modernization because of Fabric. So, the Fabric initial momentum is beginning to build up. To 
be honest, I would not say that we are seeing very large deals on Fabric right now, but it's 
beginning to see some deals coming up of midsize at this point in time for us. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Great. Thank you. That’s it from my side. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar from Sumangal 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Kumar: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is what should be a sustainable margin for the 
company because we are trending lower and lower as far as margin is concerned from low 20s. 
Now we have reached around 18.5%. So, what should be the sustainable margin for the 
company? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
First, we have clarified this that the medium-term outlook is low 20s only. We will continue to 
aim to achieve the low 20s. We are expecting that by end of this year, our plan continues to be 
there for that. The second point is, we are not trending lower compared to last quarter, we have 
improved by 140 bps this quarter, which is like a significant jump for the EBITDA front. And 
we have been telling from last quarter that it will take two to three quarters for us to improve the 
margin. 
This year, because of a couple of large deals as well as the investments for our long-term growth 
and our continued investment in AI and Microsoft Fabric, it has impacted the margin over a 
period of time, plus the softness in the growth of Quant, particularly with the high-margin 
customer, it was also not helping us in improving the margin. However, like in the past, just to 
give a confirmation for you, the company margin will be in low 20s only and in couple of 
quarters we will see it scale. 
Vipul Kumar: 
And sir, how do you define a large deal, it is more than $5 million... 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Yes. More than $5 million is what we have internal metrics for large deals. That's the criteria. 
Vipul Kumar: 
Would it be possible to share total TCV like all your large share. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
No, we have not disclosed, but we said out of the total pipeline, more than 49 percentage is 
constituted by large deals. And what we have announced at the healthcare deal, it's the largest 
deal in the recent past. 
Vipul Kumar: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, I mean, I think that if you leave out Quant, we have degrown organically.  
is that observation, correct? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Not exactly. We have told multiple times that you cannot take Quant separately. That's a legal 
entity reported for the purpose of this earnout calculation. However, we have integrated both 
Quant and Sonata very, very tightly now. there are project papers signed in Sonata delivered by 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Quant and Quant papers signed and delivered by Sonata. It is very difficult to split this and then 
measure the growth in the revenue. 
Vipul Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First about the healthcare deal, which 
you referred. So just want to understand ramp-up plan because it is fairly large on a 7-year deal 
kind of thing. So how one should look from a ramp-up perspective because it is rebadging, 
obviously, it would be immediately revenue contribution kind of thing. 
But as we develop AI platform, how do you expect revenue model to be on that platform side 
for us, and then subsequent how you expect it to trend? Second question is about the large deal, 
so overall TCV, which we said 1.24 times, considering healthcare deal might be disproportionate 
to the way we give order book 1.24 times. Any adjustment made pertains to it or it is including 
that healthcare deal in the number? Third question is about Quant. Now Quant has some one out 
linked performance, right? That is how we have taken some hit in the last year, whether it is 
striking those expectations? Thanks. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
I'll take the third question first. Quant has come back to the growth trend now compared to last 
quarter. However, we have the major growth as in past years is in the second half of the calendar 
year for them. So quarter two and quarter three, we expect them to bounce back in the growth 
trajectory. your second question was on order book of 1.24 times of revenue, what we do is any 
deal beyond $25 million, we take only the annual revenue for the purpose of calculating book-
to-bill. In this 1.24 times also, we have factored only that much for the purpose of calculation. 
The first question, Samir will take that. 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. So, I think your question about large deal ramp up. It was a rebadging deal. So, the 
rebadging activity has happened in late June and early July. So that is behind us at this point in 
time. But we are ramping up offshore now and ramping up the AI delivery model for them so 
that we can build the engine out for them. So that ramp-up is happening. I would say a large part 
of the deal is going to be fully baked into the Q2 run rate as we move forward. 
Dipesh: 
My question was about because I think, subsequently, you are supposed to develop AI platform 
for the client. What would be the revenue model for us? So, it is like any T&M kind of project 
and then we will not benefit from the activity on the platform, or we have some upside to the 
platform activity? 
Samir Dhir: 
We have upside to the platform. That's why the margin will accrete in about two to three quarters 
from now because we are investing upfront, but come Q1 of next year, that will be accretive to 
the company, so it will accrete. For two reasons, one, we are moving work from on-site to 
offshore, that's one vector. And second point is that the AI power will kick in, and hence, we'll 
be able to do the work more efficiently. So, both the factors will then benefit Sonata. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Dipesh: 
Understand. And in seven years, any other subsequent uptick is expected or then it would be 
more steady state deal kind of? 
Samir Dhir: 
There is an uptick expected because they are a part of their business being hived off to a new 
entity. So, we are in conversations with them to be a service provider to the new height of entity 
as well, but that will probably take another couple of quarters to materialize. Yes, there is upside. 
Dipesh: 
Understand. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Enam Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Good evening, Samir and Jagan sir. Thank you for taking my question. Hope you're doing fine. 
First question is to Samir, regarding your comment on retail and manufacturing. So, you said we 
are expecting some softness for the -- quarter. I wanted to understand the softness will be with 
respect to -- in perspective with the Q4 -- and/or Q4 FY 2024 growth… 
Moderator: 
Mayank, sorry, we are losing your audience in between. 
Mayank Babla: 
Your comment on year-end manufacturing. I wanted to understand the softness in growth will 
be if you meant that it will be softer compared to Q1 2025 growth or Q4 FY 2024 growth? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. So, I think there are two parts. It's not with reference to one particular quarter, Mayank. I 
think we -- our other businesses are, like, especially in high-tech and healthcare are in a nice 
pace growing up. We are seeing sometimes flattish; some quarters are declining. Some quarters 
are marginally up. 
So, we're now seeing the kickback of growth in retail and manufacturing at this point in time. 
The comment was not respect to one quarter or two quarters, a general trend that we are seeing. 
Retail, if you recall, four quarters back, was one of the strongest growing vertical for us, but has 
definitely slowed down since. But the good news is TMT and Healthcare are back on the growth 
sides. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Malu: 
Sir, for the international services business, if we look at EBITDA, including other income, it's 
around INR138 crores and the net profit after tax is INR65 crores, can you help reconcile these 
numbers, like the line items between this EBITDA and net profit, can you just give -- help with 
the numbers for those? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Yes, there will be definitely forex and other income will be there. The amortization of intangibles 
is there, then depreciation is there, and tax is there. So, amortization and intangibles, we have 
given in our earnings presentation every quarter, we give that how much is the amount is there. 
You can take it from there. That is a major portion because its acquisition related because of 
Quant acquisition and earlier acquisition, the amortization amount will be there. It's almost like 
a INR55 crores, of amortization will be there apart from depreciation tax and forex and other 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 18 of 20 
 
income. This quarter, forex and other income would have been -- other income will be positive, 
but forex will be a negative impact. 
Suraj Malu: 
And net-net, that total other income will be around INR 9 crores, right? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Other income was, I don't remember offline the number. But the forex, there is a loss for this 
quarter. One second, I'll just tell you. The total other income and forex together is about INR 9 
crores, correct. 
Suraj Malu: 
Got it. Okay. Got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tushar: 
Sir, regarding the AI engagements with the top client. So, it is predominantly with the sell to? 
Or are you seeing engagement with the sell with segment also? And regarding the rebadging. So 
most large part of the rebadging is done in the monthly employee days, or some rebadging will 
be coming in 2Q? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. So let us take the AI question first will then answer the Healthcare deal question. So, on 
the AI side, we're seeing good momentum both on the sell to and sell with. On the sell to side, 
we are helping our clients transform their customer support operations using AI and enabling 
the efficiency of the customer support desk of our customers. We're also helping them move 
other data sources and enabling from a Microsoft AI perspective, the other data sources are 
coming up and enabling that whole infrastructure for them. So, it's a significant part of the work. 
 
A significant volume of work being done with -- from a sell-to perspective at this point in time. 
From a sell with perspective, like I said, we work with both AWS and Microsoft will sell with 
the clients on an AI and the HealthTech example that we just talked about earlier, the travel 
example, if we have talked about in prior quarters, they are all examples of the telecom is granted 
the quarter before. They are all examples that the sell with is kicking in to help us transform the 
customer estate using AI again. That's on the AI side of the question. On the rebadging side, like 
I said earlier, the large part of the rebadging is behind us at this point in time. There might be a 
few pieces left, but largely late part of June and early quarter July, the rebadging is done. 
Tushar: 
That’s it from my side and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vikrant Gupta from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. Vikrant, may I request you come in a better reception area, your 
voice is raising. Vikrant, we are unable to hear you. May I request you to come in a better 
reception area please. We have the next follow-up question from the line of Mayank Babla from 
Enam Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Yes. Thanks. I got the answer to the first part of my question. Samir, if you could highlight 
which subsegments are you seeing softness in the retail and manufacturing, please? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. So, I think on the retail side, generally, consumer-facing retailers, mostly online, is where 
we have seen the softness, Mayank. And manufacturers, I would say, across the board, we have 
seen some softness. 
Mayank Babla: 
Okay. Okay. Sure. And sir, my second question was to Jagan sir. There was a loan taken for the 
Quant acquisition, and we had planned to gradually pay it off through FY '25 and '26. Could you 
give us an update on that? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Yes, we have taken a loan of around $55 million, when we acquired Quant.  We were expecting 
the RBI issue, which is a procedural issue to be completed, but it is still going on and it may take 
a couple of quarters more for us to come out of that issue for us. Hence not able to use the 
corporate pool of money here in India to repay the loan. 
 
So, we are continuing the loan, and we have to take an additional borrowing now in the month 
of March 2024 to pay second installment of earn-out, which is about, very close to $55 million. 
So, we have increased the loan. $55 million was paid,  The net balance was $43 million by end 
of Feb last year when we converted the loan to a $75 million loan, which helped us to pay the 
earnout and the balance amount was funded internally. 
Mayank Babla: 
Okay. Fair enough. Sir, thank you for taking my question. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jay Daniel from Entropy Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Jay Daniel: 
Yes. So, you have given your long-term vision of going from $1 billion to $1.5 billion. Earlier, 
you said you'll get there by FY '26. But your presentation now says it will be three to four years, 
which means FY '28. That is just a 10% CAGR over four years. So, I mean can you reconcile 
these two numbers? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
No, it was three to four years, sometime back. Originally, when we put that slide, we have not 
amended it. The FY '26 target and what we have updated it, it will be delayed by a couple of 
quarters. 
Jay Daniel: 
Okay. And sir, in respect of your pipeline, what is the total value of your pipeline? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
We have not disclosed the total value of pipeline. 
Jay Daniel: 
Yes. Because last quarter, I think you said $60 million was your pipeline for AI, right? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Correct. 
Jay Daniel: 
And that was some 20% of your total pipeline. So, the pipeline comes to around INR1.1 billion. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
We have not given the percentage as such. Neither we have given the absolute value of the 
pipeline. And that pipeline has grown a lot this quarter. It definitely has been growing. This 
quarter, we have mentioned that more than 52 percentage of our pipeline in data and cloud, we 
have not mentioned the value for the same. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
 
July 31, 2024 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Jay Daniel: 
And your conversion rate is 35% to 40%. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
Conversion rate is 35% to 40%, correct. 
Jay Daniel: 
Okay. And in respect to the salary, you're saying there's going to be a hike in Q2 and Q3 of this 
year, correct? But your salary is already up 13% QoQ and 11% YoY, 11% QoQ and 13% YoY. 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
So, the total salary increase for the year, as we mentioned, we have added 150 campus additions 
during the quarter as well as the attrition replacement plus the on-site rebadging of the people. 
So, all these things have added to the cost of salary for us. 
Jay Daniel: 
So now in Q2 and Q3, this will go up from the INR369 crores that you mentioned? 
J. C. Narasimhan: 
It will go up depending on the salary increase is one component, and also on how much addition 
we have, attrition we have, various other factors also play a role, but it will go up. 
Jay Daniel: 
Okay. And in respect of the deals that got delayed, one was a large healthcare deal, which now 
you're saying it's put on hold and not likely to be revived. There were other deals also which had 
got delayed in Q4. Any updates on that? 
Samir Dhir: 
Those are some of the deals that converted this quarter. So, the healthcare deal just announced 
today, while the second healthcare deal got parked right now, it's not lost, but it's parked. Further 
deals that we announced are in the pursuit in Q4, they got closed in Q1. And like I said, there 
are other 49 deals that we are still in pursuit for. 
Jay Daniel: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I'll now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Samir Dhir for closing comments.  
Samir Dhir: 
I just want to take this moment to thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate all the 
support and your time today. And I also want to take this moment to thank all the Sonatians 
globally for their commitment and hard work to keep moving Sonata in the right direction in 
terms of our strategic vision. Thank you all for joining us today. We'll speak to you in a quarter's 
time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Sonata Software Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
