 
 
                                          
                                           CIN: L55101WB1999PLC090672    Email : corporate@speciality.co.in  
Morya Land Mark – 1, 4th Floor, B-25, Veera Industrial Estate, Off New Link Road, Andheri (W), Mumbai 400 053 
 Tel. No. (022) 62686700 Website-www.speciality.co.in 
 
Registered Office: ‘Uniworth House’ 3A, Gurusaday Road, Kolkata – 700019. 
 
 
  
August 12, 2024 
 
To, 
General Manager, 
Listing Operations,  
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 534425 
Vice President, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
'Exchange Plaza', Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code : SPECIALITY 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call held for presenting the results for Q1FY25 Results Conference Call. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call 
held for presenting the results for Q1FY25 Results Conference Call. 
This will also be hosted on Company’s website at www.speciality.co.in. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
 
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
Name:  
 
Avinash Kinhikar 
Designation: 
 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
AVINASH 
MADHUKA
R KINHIKAR
Digitally signed by 
AVINASH MADHUKAR 
KINHIKAR 
Date: 2024.08.12 
11:46:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Speciality Restaurants Limited 
Q1 FY‘25 Results Conference Call” 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
  
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANJAN CHATTERJEE – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AVIK CHATTERJEE – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR MOHTA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Speciality Restaurants Q1 FY25 Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Bhuwania. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you, Shlok. Good afternoon, everyone. It's our pleasure at ISEC to host Q1 FY25 
Results Conference Call of Speciality Restaurants. On the management, we have Mr. Anjan 
Chatterjee, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Avik Chatterjee, Whole-time Director, and 
Mr. Rajesh Kumar Mohta, Executive Director, Finance and CFO. I would like to hand over the 
call to Mr. Anjan Chatterjee for his opening remarks now and then we can open for Q&A post-
back. Thank you. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Thank you so very much. A very good evening to all the ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for 
being on the call. I'm sure you've seen the results, so I'm not elaborating any details about the 
numbers which have been given to you and I'm sure it's already on the website. Just to tell you 
the macro picture, the quarter depressed numbers compared to what we should have done. Of 
course, year-on-year, quarter-wise, we are slightly more, nothing significant, but we have not 
been able to reach the number because of the reason that we had opened three stores in this 
particular, by the time they have had operational ability during this particular quarter.  
 
As all of you know that our company over a period of time has actually gone through a cycle 
in which we have understood that within the brand market, the Asian part, that's the Chinese 
part, Mainland China and Mainland China Asia Kitchen, is the growth engine now. While Asia 
Kitchen will be in malls, most of the places, and Mainland China continues to be the gothic 
standalone. 
 
Now, with that in mind, we have already surged ahead, we've done three, and all the EBITDAs 
if you see that there's a little coming down from the expected levels is because of the fact that 
these restaurants have opened and they take anywhere between 9 to 12 months to break even. 
So that's one, as you know that with every opening and the growth, there is some hurt on the 
short-term and mid-term profitability, which gets covered over a period of time because we 
need the top line to grow. That's been one thing. 
 
Inflation also hurt us, although we've tried our best to do device mechanisms to get cash 
discounts from people. We have suppliers who've been with us, but this time they were 
actually against the wall, so we had to adjust and accommodate them. So that has been a food 
cost component which has gone up. 
 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
There have been hiccups during this period of time, which is not directly happening every year 
or every time. For example, there were elections this time, so many places like Bangalore, etc., 
where food and beverage both, wherever you have a bar, you have to shut it. So all restaurants 
were shut for on an average of three to four days, with the results coming and counting, as you 
all know. 
 
So this has also fallen in June. So during that period of time between May and June, so that's 
also been an effect. Weekends also have been affected, two, three, because as you know, the 
weekends are prime business for us. And these are the reasons, I'm not wanting to give too 
many reasons saying that, what we have done is the best, we could have done better.  
 
There's been one headwind from the market, which is the last thing I want to express, that the 
revenge eating, which used to be there, if you see the, I'm not saying that just because the 
others have not done so well, we should have also not done well, but it's an overall headwind, 
which has gone into the market, whether it's a QSR, or a dining restaurant, any one of them, 
any listed chain or unlisted also have gone through a kind of a phase in the first quarter, which 
is not the best. So hence, all of us have felt the pressure. And going forward, fingers crossed 
with the number of restaurants that we intend opening till the end of fiscal 25. 
 
We are looking at between six to eight restaurants, which are under fit outs, three, four of them 
almost, some by Durga Pooja in Calcutta, some in terms of, you know, Borivali, Oberoi Mall, 
we have two, three restaurants, three restaurants there. And the ones which are also happening 
in Bandra, and the one which has happened just now in Thane. So the growth engine continues 
to be the Oriental. 
 
And the one which Avik, my son, who's on the call, had started, which is called the Episode 
One, which is the wetland one, which is existing in Powai, which is going to be starting off this 
month itself in Thane, Viviana Mall, and the third one is coming in Bombay, Bandra. So this is 
the overview. And we are extremely happy on one thing that we've got a runway back, we've 
got a track back, a brand rationalization in terms of the brand basket has been very clear. 
 
And one thing I forgot that in during this period of, we had one restaurant called Haka, which 
is again Oriental in Calcutta, was shut for three months because of renovation, because 
renovations is one thing we have to do because over a period of 10 years, we've not been able 
to refresh our restaurants completely. Like we've done the Andheri West, we've done the ICC 
in Pune. The Powai restaurants also become new because we've shifted the location. 
 
So that's another part which will continue to be having a hindrance of two to three months. 
Like for example, today, as we talk Malad Infinity, which is a Mainland China, we are going to 
be changing it to Asia Kitchen by Mainland China. The good news is that wherever we have 
done renovations, whenever we have done this, and where you know, we can put the bar in 
line of sight, we've seen a surge in the liquor business, which gives us better margins in a fine 
dining restaurant. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
And also additionally, that any refreshed look, because with God's grace, Benichara continues 
to be having all pillars intact in terms of brand standards, but the interiors were not, matching 
because 10 years is a long time that we dragged ourselves. But just before pandemic, we were 
supposed to renovate. By the time pandemic came in, it got delayed. 
 
So now we are absolutely, one mode is expansion with rationalized brands, the ones which 
have the right store matrix. And the other one, which is from a point of view, renovating and 
giving them fresh lease of life and look, feel, make it slightly more modern, contemporary, 
which actually any customer wants, but today's customer is more and more demanding, as you 
know. So that I think is the overview. 
 
Now, I would like any other questions to be asked or anything specific. Avik, do you want to 
add to anything that I have missed out or Mr. Mota? 
Management: 
I think very well put together. So just to summarize what you said, the three growth engines 
would be Asian expansion brands like Asia Kitchen by Mainland China and Mainland China. 
Wet Lead, which we call it liquor driven food supported, which would be Episode One. And 
the third one would be the delivery wing, because we're very strong in deliveries with having 
one of the industry's highest AOVs, which is average order volumes, we would be spending 
money on the marketing and grab new market shares. And that should hopefully also grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from Trustline PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Good evening, everyone. And thanks a lot for the opportunity. So firstly, how has been the 
response of newly renovated outlets during the quarter? So what kind of incremental growth 
we are able to see from these renovated stores? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
So hi, thank you for the question. So wherever we have undergone a renovation and introduced 
a new menu, new branding, new bar, we have seen anywhere between a 15 to 25 percent 
growth in the dine-in revenue, whereas our delivery revenue has also grown because of the 
new additions and the new brand refresh. 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay, okay. And what is the kind of contribution of liquor business in terms of sales? And 
where do you see this contribution increasing over the next three years? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
So initially, before renovation, it used to be between six to seven percent. Post renovation, this 
has doubled. And we're also hoping for a rise from here.  
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay, So are we expecting the contribution to double over the next three years? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, absolutely.  
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay, okay. And during the quarter, we have seen that you opened a new QSR brand, Walter's 
Burger. So how do you see this brand shaping up and any plans of scaling up on this brand? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
And how is it different from our other brands in terms of revenue per store or EBITDA 
metrics? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Sure. So Walter's Burgers has started off as a delivery only service. So currently, we are 
sweating our assets wherever we have restaurants, kitchen manpower, the same manpower 
would be utilized to be manufacturing these products and delivered via aggregators. 
 
We have tried this in three units as of now in Mumbai City. And very soon, this would be PAN 
India through all our kitchens. And the profit margins are very high in this because we are not 
adding any cost. And this becomes an entire new product division. Also, we have plans to 
make this a hybrid model. For example, in Borivali Mall in Mumbai, we'd be putting up our 
first Walter's Burger shop. This is going to be 1000 square feet or 900 square feet 
approximately sized QSR model, which would be serving fresh gourmet burgers to clienteles 
along with some sides, shakes, etc. This would be our burger QSR going forward. 
Deepan Narayanan: 
Okay, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitya Shah from KamayaKya Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nitya Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to first understand what was the percentage of top line 
from, delivery-based revenue. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yeah, so that was 26%. 
Nitya Shah  
26%. Okay. And secondly, I wanted to understand that I saw that a certain amount of warrants 
have been forfeited. So what would be the cash balance left with the company after these 
warrants have been forfeited? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Post the forfeiture, the amount which has come is INR52 crores from the warrants issue. We 
currently are having those invested part of the money which has been invested into mutual 
funds, and partly being utilized for the objects in the issue of renovation and the new 
restaurants. 
Nitya Shah: 
Right, sir. And currently, are there any plans of, you had mentioned in the last phone call that 
some announcements would be made, regarding some inorganic kind of acquisition at the 
moment, but considering that the other income is a very large part of our profitability, which 
also in turn ends up suppressing the return on equity due to the high cash balance. So what are 
the plans to utilize this cash to reward the shareholders? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Sir, acquisition opportunities, etc. If you yourself can update, sir. 
Nitya Shah: 
Yeah, so frankly speaking, we have had money on the balance sheet. We know treasury has 
been slightly heavier than it should have been. Pandemic ruined one and a half years. We were 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
almost through with an international brand. The brand itself went back. They're not coming to 
India, an oriental brand. 
 
So they've deferred their plans. They've gone back to, you know, UAE, etc. Now, the most 
important point is that if we want to do anything inorganic, it's extremely important to see that 
the ones which are coming in in the market necessarily have to have a positive EBITDA and a 
potential. 
 
But without a potential or an EBITDA, if somebody is trying to ask for heaven and earth, I 
don't think it's worthwhile. There was like this one which was coming international, which was 
a very good oriental brand. I don't want to name it. They've deferred their plans. In fact, they're 
coming maybe in next year or a year and a half. We've been in conversation with them. 
 
So we have kept absolute money about to take that over. Just around the pandemic, they 
deferred. But the kind of, the players which are there, I mean, there's just one handful of 
players who are making money in this business. 
 
We are not in QSR. So even QSR, one of the burger brands which we were talking about 
growing very fast, but they were unable to actually get into a level of profitability in next three 
years, four years. So if my throughput now with the number of restaurants that we're going to 
be opening is going to be more, you will see over a period of time that, what we are wanting to 
build and the number of stores, like, as we talk, I'm just coming back from Powai. So we've 
just locked in three spaces in Powai. Now, I think that Powai is gold for us. It's very difficult to 
get any space, but we've been able to lock in some good spaces just now. 
 
As we talk, we are getting the right real estate. We are marrying it. So I think that the return on 
on our investments going forward would be much higher. So if there is an opportunity at any 
given point of time, we'll take it. But we've done so many mistakes earlier, you know, getting 
into expansion mode, hitting ourselves, spreading ourselves too fast, cannibalization. So we 
don't want to get into any of those modes. 
 
And that includes the inorganic acquisition wherein we are, unless otherwise we find it suitable 
enough to be loaded on our balance sheet, we will not. For example, you asked me a pertinent 
question, Chourangi, the international franchise, the one which is co-owned by the company, s 
a business partner of ours there. So we have a setup in London, which can actually expand it to 
the US. 
 
So if that comes into, we have in and around INR10, INR12 crores to be paid only to do that. 
And if you see the kind of returns on that particular unit itself, there's been a very, very 
optimistic levels of coming up. So we have so many opportunities now that things have opened 
up, accepting a bit of a global trouble, which is going on beyond our control. I think there'll be 
many more opportunities and you will see this in particular, money getting depleted in, you 
know, in no time. And you'll be very happy that we'll be able to get equities, the fund will be, 
you know, we'll get many, much more return on the equity. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Nitya Shah: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. That was quite helpful. So I'm quite heavily invested in a company 
since a couple of quarters. So the reason, I had seen the presentation which showed the 
roadmap, you know, next four to five years, you want to double your revenue and triple it in 
the next six years. So without any inorganic expansion, do you see yourself continuing to 
fulfill that target of tripling your revenue in the next five to six years? 
Management 
See, I'm quite confident of the fact that the way we are going, the kind of return on investment, 
the kind of real estate we have been able to sign in short midterm, I think we will be able to, 
Our target would be that. I don't know where we'll be 100% reaching there, but we are very 
confident of the fact that, but then an inorganic acquisition, even if we don't touch the 
milestone or we are unable to do it by 10, 15, 20%, it's not the right thing to get into an 
acquisition just to prove it to my investors that I am going in and I'm doing inorganic and I'm 
putting this money and then losing that money and eventually loading our balance sheet, which 
has been by and large, shaping up very nicely. So I wouldn't like to do that, but Inshallah, 
everything goes well. I think we are speeding up our growth at a very fast pace. 
 
And that includes, you know, we are going to be inducting a CEO. Finally, we've been able to 
get somebody of choice. So maybe within this fiscal, by the end of the year, you will see 
somebody very competent who's coming in, to independently run the company and get us 
guided. And also we'll be reporting to the board directly. And I think a very checkered career, 
somebody who's proven and turned around the companies that he has worked with, beverage, 
food, etc, etc. So there are lots of good things that are happening. And I'm quite confident that 
we will be able to reach our targets, if not by falling short by even if 10, 15%, but profitable 
growth. 
Nitya Shah: 
Okay, so if my understanding is correct, you said that in the next five to six years, what you 
had mentioned in your presentations earlier. will be achievable even without an organic 
growth. So you are quite confident of growing organically itself to reach those numbers. 
Because within the INR400 crores top line range since quite a few years in that sense. Like 
we've not been able to scale up to say a INR500 crores or INR600 crores annual top line. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I'll tell you in pure Hindi that this time it is Atal Bihari. Avik is come, we have got Mr. 
Mohta's two, three assistants. So our bandwidth is very tight and good at present. And also 
going forward, our kind of expansion, for example, Delhi is blank. I'm just giving you the 
potential. Yeah, it's the speed at which we actually churn out. Chandigarh, we had to withdraw 
out during pandemic. So there is so much potential, which we see. And actually, we were there 
earlier on, we had to shut those because of pandemic primarily. 
 
So I see no reason that we will not be able to run faster. And as I said, the good news is that 
we're getting a very competent CEO who will be able to guide the company better and 
qualitatively. So you'll see that obviously, he has his own objectives. So I'm confident of the 
fact that we will be able to completely churn more number of profitable stores, and much 
faster. I can't say that we will be 100% doubling, we may be falling short by 10-15%. But I'm 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
confident that we will be doing that, not for the heck of it, not to prove it to the investors, but 
to ensure that the company has robust bottom line and is going in the right direction. 
Nitya Shah: 
Sir, just to clarify, you mentioned that the new CEO would be coming in by the end of this 
calendar year or financial year?  
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Maximum by the financial year. We are looking at the calendar year, but max would be within 
March, that is the fiscal year. Understood, sir. 
Nitya Shah: 
Thank you so much and all the best. Thank you so very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to ask your 
questions. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
See, you are planning to double or treble your turnover in five or six years? You are planning 
to double or treble your turnover? I mean, I did not get it. In the next six years or something? 
See, we had planned to have inorganic acquisitions, which were in the pipeline. So in the 
absence of that, I can't say that it will be 100% double. But we can confidently tell you that the 
number of stores that we are opening and the kind of volumes which will come in, from there, 
we are already adding six to eight in this, by the time March or April, max March ends. And 
six for sure. So they're all underfit outs. And they eventually bring almost, you know, INR48 
to INR52 crores on our top line. 
 
Furthermore, we are continuing to do it. We're talking about a horizon of five years. So in that 
case, if we don't do inorganic, with inorganic, we have said that we will be able to double our 
turnover effortlessly. Because if we get a top line of INR200 crores, which is actually an 
inorganic acquisition, we automatically go towards that. But this time on, we don't have too 
many of them which are profitable and good enough, excepting the one which is the 
international one, which may come in a year, year and a half now. They've deferred their plans, 
Oriental brand.  
 
But if everything goes well, in five years time, you will see if we open eight to nine restaurants 
on an average every year. For example, I just said that we are primarily Calcutta, Bombay, 
Bangalore, primarily. So we have the whole of Delhi, the north region, including Punjab, it's 
vacant. 
 
With a brand like a Mainland China, which used to be there, pandemic actually forced us to 
shut. There's no reason we can't walk through that. The biggest advantage is that the brand is 
relevant. The brand is giving us better SSG wherever we are renovating. So we're very bullish 
about the fact that we will be able to, by and large, reach there. I can't just make a statement 
that without any inorganic, we'll be able to reach 100%, but we should be in and around that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So you're basically looking at around 12% to 14% growth every year, right? Yes. Okay. And 
do you see an expansion in margin? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yeah, because what happens is that as we are talking about that we've been trying to, if you see 
the year before last fiscal, we've been maintaining around sometimes 16%, 18% of EBITDA, 
which was very good because of course we had the tailwind. So as the efficiency is better, 
corporate costs go down. We ensure that we have more capability in the business of Oriental 
because that's the main growth engine where the food cost is controlled. We have the expertise. 
Things become easier. These chefs get divided. So I'm sure of the fact that the margins will 
improve. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And the fact that you're trying to do a fine dining along with also the fast foods QSR, I mean, 
doesn't it become a little difficult? How do you manage it? Because they require different kind 
of skills. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes. So, I mean, we're not doing any QSR.  
Kaushik Poddar: 
Burger Singh, isn't it a QSR? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
No, it is not a QSR. It's absolutely a dark kitchen. So the brand has been given birth, as Avik 
said. We have actually got our capacity utilized, unutilized in the kitchens of say, for example, 
Episode One, Bohoba, and another episode, which is in Thane and Bandra. 
 
So what he has intelligently done is that, because you may be knowing that there are gourmet 
burgers, which have become a trend now. And there are two of them which are doing 
exceptionally well. So with that in mind, rather than doing a burger, he's done sliders, which is 
slightly more shareable, intelligently happened, because a burger becomes difficult to 
differentiate or die. 
 
So I think that if you take any reviews of the burger, which we have test marketed, and proof 
of concept, which is settling down, or settle down now, we will see that this is expandable. 
There's no capital expenditure, there is no manpower, extra cost, we may have a commissary 
when we become very large. So this is not a QSR in the sense that you are physically having a 
QSR, it is just that you're making your own funds, which we are capable of. 
 
And also the patties, which are self and going forward, we may, become a gourmet. Not I'm 
not even talking, I may not have the audacity to use McDonald's. But there could be a niche 
where we can carve as some other burgers, which are Louie burger or another burger, which 
Avik would know better, have already, shown a respectable turnover with good returns. 
 
So that is the idea. It's not a physical QSR. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan from Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan: 
So like most of my questions, I just wanted a clarity on like, what kind of EBITDA margins do 
you target on different kinds of restaurant? Because you're are like year on year basis, there has 
been a big volatility in margins. But quarter on quarter in last five, six quarters, we are doing 
somewhere in the range of 15% to 22% or 21%. So I just wanted to get an idea on what kind of 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
margins we can keep going forward, and what kind of margins your restaurants, different 
branded restaurants command. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Since the published numbers are there, and you have already analyzed the percentages of 
EBITDA. So the EBITDA basis, in these accounting, we are doing, let's say, for instance, in 
the current quarter, we have done an EBITDA, which has grown by 13.34%. So at this rate, the 
moment we start opening restaurants, like Mr. Anjan has explained for the breakeven, etc, we 
would target to be plus 20%, 22%, but in the range of 20% to 24% of EBITDA, sir. 
Rohan: 
Okay. So can we expect this in FY25?  
Rajesh Mohta: 
Which is with respect to the margins, which are better in the branch, like, it is the Oriental 
which has better EBITDAs, that is the reason why the company is focused towards Oriental 
brands. 
Rohan: 
Okay. And how much time will it take you to like, have EBITDA margins in the range of 20 to 
22%, like, can we expect in FY26? From 26 onwards? 
Management: 
Yes, we have, we work towards it, we are working hard towards it before, that is the internal 
target for sure and we would be able to do that. 
Rohan: 
Okay, okay. Okay, thanks. That works on my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Mahadevia, from MoneyGrow Asset Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mahadevia:  
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. As I look at your P&L for the first quarter, I can see that 
the employee benefits expense has moved up from last year same time, as well as the lease 
rents have moved up both from Q4 FY24 and Q1 FY24. Because both these costs are incurred 
ahead of opening of new sites, can we take these as the costs for the next couple of quarters? 
So as your revenue throughput comes through, you would start to see meaning operating 
leverage? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
I appreciate your question. Like, if I may, you have rightly hit the nail on the head, like, these 
are front end costs for the restaurants, which get opened. And when this kind of a percentage to 
revenue, we work hard towards improving that, that's the real reason where the operating 
leverage would get triggered. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Fantastic. And with your existing stores, do you expect to increase the quarterly run rate by 
about 10 to 12% per quarter from here? On revenues? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
If I may add on, sir, it's a difficult proposition to get into a double digit number, because the 
matured stores with the kind of covers which we do between the lunch and the dinner, and 
especially during weekends are very standardized now. Once the plateau has been achieved, it 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
is the pricing which has a role to play rather than on cover. So there would be a margin which 
would be in single digit change. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Understood. So that comes to my next last question. The revenue growth you have seen of 
about 10 odd percent, how much of that has come from volume versus pricing? And if you 
have not pulled pricing as a lever, when are you likely to pull pricing as a lever for growth? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
So this is a very tactical move as far as pricing is concerned, because let's say for instance, like 
yourself referred to rental, there is an agreement like where you have 5% increase every year 
or 15% increase every year, inflationary pressure on raw materials, which we try to neutralize. 
But we are forced at times to increase tactically the prices across restaurants, which we do it 
during particular season, particular year.  
 
So there is one amount of element which is from the price increase and cover increase, like Mr. 
Avik mentioned about the renovated restaurants, where there is a growth potential post the 
renovation, we have seen a surge in the covers, and as well as movement of higher liquor 
revenues to the total revenues. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
I understand that sir, but out of your 10% growth in revenue, again, how much has come from 
price versus volume? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Sorry, it would be difficult for me to say exactly as far as the differential between the both the 
two. But yes, primarily with volumes, more to do with volumes rather than on the price, but 
exact number would be I don't have to share, don't have to add this point of time. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
So the pricing lever is yet to play out, hopefully.  
Rajesh Mohta: 
Correct. I understand where you're coming from, because if you go to any one of our 
restaurants, even in BKC, we continue to sell our, which is an invitation price of around 625 
for a buffet, which is a full-fledged, which Barbecue Nation too can't give. Now the idea was 
to, BKC is a very dangerous place, because of the fact that we are in a recessed area, because 
we didn't want to create that kind of a rental of around 600 rupees per square feet. We are 
slightly on the back area, I don't know if anybody's seen it. 
 
We are the area where you have the visa counter, the main visa counter where everybody goes, 
VFS. So hence we have to give an offer. And as we came up with that offer, now things are 
settling down, you will see all these introductory prices getting balanced. 
 
So in the second quarter, we will have to go up by nothing less than not just an inflationary 
pressure. The price play and the lever has not been pressed as yet, because people do 
understand that good fixed costs and quality costs money, and they're ready to pay for it. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Excellent. Thank you. All the very best. I hope to see the operating leverage come through. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Upadhaye, which is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Amit Upadhaye: 
Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Thank you for this opportunity. Most of my questions are answered 
by those who are asked by my colleagues in the call. But I have two questions. One, in your 
presentation, under the brands, I can see all the brands, but the Episode One, which we 
consider as a core brand, by when should we expect that brand to have their revenues 
mentioned separately? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
If I may, since we have only one episode, one which is currently on in Mumbai, and as Mr. 
Anjan in his opening remarks mentioned about opening of Episode One in Mall Thane in 
current month itself, and with other two under the work in progress. So once we have at least 
three, four restaurants, where the throughput is very high, we would start showing separately, 
sir. 
Amit Upadhaye: 
Okay. All right. That's it from my side and wish you all the best in the for the coming quarters. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasar which is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Zaki Nasar: 
Sir, congratulations on, I would say, a healthy set of numbers considering whatever happened 
in the quarters. Sir, as I understand our business as fine dining, but would we also be focusing 
on the delivery aspect of it? Let's not call it QSR, but also the delivery aspect of it, because that 
is turning out to be a big market, and also your Sweet Bengal. So would you just throw light or 
your thoughts on these three segments? 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Sure, sir. Hello, sir. Thank you for the question. So basically, we are definitely focusing very, 
very strongly on the delivery component of the business. And how we do this is basically, we 
have four different kinds of Asian brands that get delivered out of each Asian kitchen. We also 
see that our manpower has been trained to deliver all four brands, so that does not add any 
extra costs. 
 
Apart from this, we have also found out hub and spoke assembly models like the Walters 
Burger, which would also be added to this kitchen. Hence, our delivery model has worked out 
fantastically for us because we call ourselves a hybrid restaurant that also delivers from the 
back with the same rental, same equipment, same manpower, as well as we focus on serving 
the dine-in with the renovated stores. Hence, for us, keeping delivery in mind as well as dine-
in, this is going to be a major growth element for us coming into the future. 
Zaki Nasar: 
And what would be the percentage of delivery out of, let's say, what you did, INR100 crores 
this quarter, Mr. Avik? This would be 26% of delivery revenue. 26%. Also, right now if you 
see, the country is seeing a huge surge in the advent of a sweet retailer, if I may call it. You 
have a wonderful brand, you have some fantastic desserts. What are your thoughts on growing 
that beyond Mumbai and the surrounding regions? 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Avik Chatterjee: 
So, we are under works to set up our presence in other parts of India. But alongside that, we 
have also looked at FMCG partners who would be making and manufacturing sweets for our 
brand. And these are sweets with larger shelf life. So, by the end of this fiscal year, we should 
have the products ready, available at different stores, online retailers, and so on. 
Zaki Nasar: 
Oh, that would be fantastic, sir. Looking forward to that. And a bookkeeping question for you, 
Rajeshji. Sir, we have forfeited some warrants. So, this amount, INR25 crores, would be 
treated as income in the current quarter, right? And our final equity capital would be INR48 
crores and odd. Would that be correct, sir? And what is the cash on books we have after this 
activity, sir? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Sir, I would answer your question in three parts. First, this forfeited amount is not to be treated 
as an income, sir. It goes part of the net worth, one. And secondly, the share capital which you 
just now mentioned is absolutely correct, sir. This is because post allotment, it is going to be 
INR48.23 crores. 
Zaki Nasar: 
That is the final, Rajesh ji? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Post the conversion of the warrants. 
Zaki Nasar: 
After everything, that’s fully diluted. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
That's right. INR48.23 crores would be the capital. 
Zaki Nasar: 
Sir. And what would our net cash on books be, sir? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Sir, as of 30th June, we have INR163.84 crores. 
Zaki Nasar: 
Okay, sir. Best wishes to the entire team speciality, sir. And looking forward to a wonderful 
year from you. And I would say, Mr. Avik, please focus on Hyderabad a bit because it's a big 
market and you only have one restaurant here. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Absolutely, sir. We're in process to get two new properties in Hyderabad. 
Zaki Nasar: 
Fantastic. Looking forward, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Dalal, which is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Parth Dalal: 
Just a couple of questions. In the last quarter, I think we said that the break-even is usually six 
to eight months. What I hear in the opening remarks today, I think, sir said nine to 12 months. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Right. So these are actually location-based. Depending when we grab a newer market, which is 
a little nascent, it takes a little more time. For example, we came up in the new Phoenix Mall 
in Pune, Vakar. That mall is brand new. It's still taking time to have some footfalls like the 
kind of more potential malls in Bombay, where vicinities, crowds, residents, corporates are 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
already in place. Hence, yes, in newer entry markets or nascent markets, it takes 12 months 
approximately on the higher side. But in already high footfall markets, it's six to eight months. 
Parth Dalal: 
And one more thing. So in the press release, which we had, I think, yesterday, somewhere it 
was written three to four stores in coming quarters. Right. And again, I think in the opening 
remark, it was six to eight or something. So basically, in short, can you summarize, how are 
we looking at in this year till March 25? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
So sorry, this three to four was quarter. So we were talking about one fiscal. I think there's a 
misunderstanding. So 25 end, we are looking at bare minimum of around seven to nine, 
depending on Borivali Mall, which can supply us because that's been delayed beyond our 
comprehension. So and another one, which is in Bangalore. 
 
So it all depends on the real estate coming up. We are fully ready with everything. We are 
carrying the staff on getting to train them up. So we are looking at that kind of thing. So maybe 
there will be a bit of one, one and a half. But by and large, that's the kind of thing. 
Parth Dalal: 
Sure. Got it. No, not an exact number, just a range. And I thought there is change in the 
guidance since yesterday. So I was just trying to confirm. After the seven to nine, any plans? I 
mean, how many will be like, Mainland? How many issues? How many episodes? Is there any 
plan or it will happen as we go ahead? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
No, no, no, we have, you know, Asian, I can say that what is happening is that we are now 
everything is Asia kitchen. For example, in the city of Calcutta, I'll give an example. We have 
three Mainland China and one Asia kitchen. 
 
So what we have done there is that we've got one Hakka, which is a similar kind of food, 
which is pure Chinese, the Hakka Tangra food, but it's not priced as an aspirational level of 
Mainland China, which is not fine, fine dining, it's more bistro-ish. So that we renovated and 
waited. So the number of restaurants which are coming in Calcutta city is that. 
 
So Avik has come out with a slightly same food in a different format called Bizarre Asia, 
which is basically a street of Bangkok, we can tell you better. And it's going to be a fixed meal 
at say 1000 or 1100, where you get like a street moving around and you move around and pick 
up the food. This is same Asian form, but we can't load another Mainland China there. So 
we've done an Asian one, which is same thing, same stuff. Maybe we'll have a little more 
Asian touch to the whole thing. It's called Bizarre Asia. It's slightly more disruptive, young in 
age.  
 
Similarly, we are also doing another Gong. Gong is already in Pune. There's another Gong 
being done in Pune, in 12 kilometers distance so that there is no question of cannibalization. 
So number of stores, Asian would be maximum, if I may just answer your question and sum it 
up, 70%, 75%, and the rest will be in the form of Episode, which one is just be starting in a 
month, in 15 days or 10 days. And the second one Bandra is being done. 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
And we're also looking at a terrace property, which is co-owned by us in Calcutta, which will 
become a terrazzo by episode, which is also under Frito. 
Parth Dalal: 
Sure, sir. Got it. It's a mix of all our top brands. And again, coming back to the Walter's 
Burger, sir, I think Avik said that we will have a store already, I mean, 1000 square foot or 
something. And then you said that it's not going to be a QVQSR outlet or so. Can you clarify 
what exactly are the plans? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I'm taking it up because, you know Borivali, Oberoi Mall, which is going to be one of the 
prime areas, captive malls, because like the Oberoi Mall here in Goregaon. We had a problem 
with taking one space for, we were losing a lot of space, because there was an outdoor, which 
they were giving, and we were not very happy with that. So it is at a very at a song, Vicky 
being a friend, and he's known me for a long time, Vikas give me that outside space and he 
insisted that we need to have a kind of a thing, because he's a big fan of Walter's. 
 
So he loves Walter's from the time it has come, they sent him a sample that he's been getting it 
from the delivery orders of aggregators. So what has happened now is that, that extension area, 
now, is being we have Cafe Mezzuna, we are used to this kind of a food and format. 
 
So in many malls, like Mall of Emirates, where we are, there's an outdoor and indoor. So 
because we have a space, because we have an area, we are utilizing it as Walters, because 
beyond a particular point that you are a cloud brand, which is an experimental thing, you will 
see that some kind of a brick and mortar, this is not totally brick and mortar, because it's 
absolutely an alfresco,  when you have the display that becomes an advertisement for you. And 
this case, we got it at a song. 
 
So hence, there is one display of that kind visibility, because Bombay is a prime focus at this 
point of time, and Borivali is going to have a huge footfall. Similarly, in Calcutta, with a 
brand, which we have called Grill, there may be a conversion of that to make a physical store, 
where a Grill delivery will continue, but we will have Walters written on the main road, like 
the airports, where people use it more for signage, visibility, than use anything else. Now, 
these are not necessarily going to be a brick and mortar model at all. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
That's correct. It's more delivery focused, but this is just for branding purpose that we'd be 
placing us. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yeah, we'll do one in a city or one and a half to just display and say that, yes, we are there. 
Whenever we get a real estate, which is cheap and cheerful, wherever we have the facility 
where we can support it, because we have the whole of Mainland China, Asia Kitchen area, 
which is there, the same kitchen will make it, and then the commissary will supply the buns, 
and they will put it together. Of course, tea, coffee, etc., you have a margin. 
Avik Chatterjee: 
Just to reconfirm, basically, this is an Asia Kitchen unit at the Borivali Mall. It's just because 
we have a small outdoor space, which is going to be branding Walters there, and just to sweat 

 
 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
our assets, utilize the same staff, same kitchen, same rental, we'll be delivering Walters as well 
from the same kitchen. 
Parth Dalal: 
Okay, got it. Now, I think you said Pan India, it could be, and I was just wondering how would 
be possible with something like Episode and delivering Walters burger out from that store. 
Avik Chatterjee  
Just to clarify that, one, usually bars don't have a very strong delivery compared to restaurants 
or diners. Hence, to sweat the assets of the episode one kitchens, we use Walters burgers as a 
delivery format that could be brought out extra revenue from the same unit. 
Parth Dalal: 
Okay, okay, interesting. And just a suggestion, I think one of the previous participants said 
Hyderabad, I think, as per our latest presentation, only two stores. So, I mean, a city like 
Hyderabad definitely can absorb a lot of our brands, more even the episode one. So, please 
consider that. 
Avik Chatterjee  
Absolutely, we're actually on track to do that. And soon we'll share the good news. 
Parth Dalal: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Somil Gujarati, from which is an 
individual investor. 
Somil Gujarati: 
Why are we not entering the Gujarat market? It is a very developing city. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Oh, yes. Gujarat, yes. So, Gujarat is on the plan in the next three years expansion. Yes, 
absolutely. So, it is in our map for the next three years. Within the next three years, we should 
have two stores running. 
Somil Gujarati: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Dear investors, we are extremely thankful for your time and participating in this conference 
and getting an update on the company. And we are very thankful to the best wishes which have 
been conveyed by all the investors for going forward in the financial year. We look forward to 
meeting your aspirations. Thank you on behalf of Speciality Restaurants. We once again thank 
you for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
