 
 
 
 
 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Corp Office: 2nd Floor, Capital Cyberscape, 
Sector - 59, Golf Course Extension Road, 
Gurugram - 122102, Haryana 
T: +91-124-620 7777 
 
www.maxhealthcare.in 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Regd. Office: 401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, 
Vile Parle (West), Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 056 
T: +91-22 2610 0461/62 
E: secretarial@maxhealthcare.com, investors@maxhealthcare.com 
 
(CIN: L72200MH2001PLC322854) 
 
 
August 8, 2024 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: MAXHEALTH 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543220 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 2, 2024 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed copy of transcript of earnings conference call, organised on August 2, 2024, on 
financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.maxhealthcare.in/ 
investors/investor-resources. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
For Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
 
 
 
Dhiraj Aroraa 
SVP - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
Dhiraj 
Aroraa
Digitally signed 
by Dhiraj Aroraa 
Date: 
2024.08.08 
23:08:16 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
August 02, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suraj Digawalekar from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Suraj Digawalekar: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on Max 
Healthcare's Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Abhay Soi – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Yogesh 
Sareen – Senior Director and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Keshav Gupta – Senior 
Director, Growth, M&A and Business Planning. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management following which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive Q&A Session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the Earnings Presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Abhay to make his opening remarks. 
Abhay Soi: 
A very good morning to all, and a warm welcome to Max Healthcare's Earnings Call 
for the Q1 FY25. 
It's been a very promising start to this financial year. I am pleased to share that we 
have operationalized Max Super Speciality Hospital, Dwarka on July 2nd. Located in 
the heart of South Delhi, it is a 303-bed hospital equipped with the latest high-end 
technology and currently has 125 doctors and ~480 nurses, paramedics and support 
staff. 
The hospital is seeing good traction since its launch. Presently, the hospital teams 
are engaged on various fronts including patient outreach, empanelment with 
insurance companies, clinical accreditations, etc. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Yesterday, we announced a built-to-suit transaction for setting up a 250-bed hospital 
in Mohali. This 2.75 lakh sft. building with attendant parking will be constructed by 
the developer as per our requirement and specifications. This is a long-term lease, 
extendable up to 50 years at our option, and we expect to commission the facility by 
FY28. The hospital will cater to surrounding areas of Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and 
Haryana. This is in line with our asset-light strategy, which allows us to expand while 
insulating against development risks. 
Further, in a strong demonstration of our turnaround capabilities, both Lucknow and 
Nagpur hospitals that we acquired at end of Q4 last year are ramping up well, with 
an average occupancy hovering around 60%. For Q1, these hospitals contributed 
Rs. 99 crore to the revenue and Rs. 18 crore to the operating EBITDA, reflecting a 
year-on-year growth of 21% and 64% respectively. And more importantly, this was 
done within the first three months of us acquiring these facilities. Collectively, their 
ARPOB stood at Rs. 45,300 and annualized EBITDA per bed at approximately Rs. 
30 lakhs. A large part of the post-merger integration activities has been completed 
now, the results of which will be more visible in the quarters to come and further 
augmented as new clinical teams join and infrastructure is upgraded there. 
Now, coming to the Q1 performance. This is our 15th consecutive quarter of year-on-
year growth.  
Overall network gross revenue stood at Rs. 2,028 crore, registering a growth of 18% 
year-on-year and 7% quarter-on-quarter.  
Network operating EBITDA was Rs. 499 crore, net of one-time charge of Rs. 6 crore 
towards pre-launch costs at Max Dwarka. This reflects a growth of 14% year-on-year 
and a marginal decline of 1% quarter-on-quarter. 
Profit after tax (PAT) stood at Rs. 295 crore compared to Rs. 291 crore in Q1 last 
year and Rs. 311 crore in the previous quarter. While we expect substantial 
improvements during the course of this year, we are also infusing equity in the 
Lucknow subsidiary to bring down the finance costs. 
All numbers from here on are going to be now shared for a like-to-like basis, 
excluding new hospitals. 
1. Our average occupancy for the network increased to 77% from 74% in Q1 last 
year and 75% in the trailing quarter. While occupied bed days grew by around 
5% year-on-year and 2% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
2. Average Revenue Per Occupied Bed (ARPOB) for the quarter improved to Rs. 
80,100, growing by 7% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter. Year-on-year 
improvement in ARPOB was largely due to growth in oncology, orthopedics and 
renal sciences as well as increased number of robotic procedures. This was 
coupled with tariff revisions for self-pay, insurance and institutional segments. 
 
3. Network gross revenue was Rs. 1,929 crore compared to 1,719 crore in Q1 last 
year and Rs. 1,847 crore in the previous quarter. This reflects an increase of 
12% year-on-year and 4% versus the trailing quarter. 
 
4. The international patient revenue stood at Rs. 158 crore. There was a temporary 
impact on patient flows from some countries due to political situations and credit-
risk management related actions taken by us, which accounted for the muted 
growth in this segment. 
 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
5. Network operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 487 crore, reflecting a growth of 12% 
year-on-year while declining by 2% quarter-on-quarter. Operating EBITDA 
margin stood at 26.5% for the quarter. Growth in EBITDA was impacted due to 
annual merit increase, GST on variable management fee and drop in footfalls for 
immigration health checks owing to change in visa regulations by some 
countries, particularly Canada and UK.  
 
6. Annualized EBITDA per bed stood at Rs. 74.7 lakhs, clocking a growth of 6% 
year-on-year. 
 
7. PAT was Rs. 316 crore versus Rs. 291 crore in Q1 last year and Rs. 322 crore 
in the previous quarter. 
 
8. Free cash flow from operations was Rs. 258 crore. Of this, Rs. 213 crore was 
deployed towards the ongoing capacity expansion projects and upgradation of 
facilities at new hospitals. Consequently, net cash position stood at Rs. 66 crore 
at the end of June 2024. 
 
9. Continuing our efforts to support the local communities, we treated 
approximately 36,800 out-patients and 1,150 in-patients from economically 
weaker sections of society entirely free of charge. 
 
10. Both our strategic business units (SBUs) continued to report significant growth 
in the revenue and profitability: 
 
• 
Max@Home reported a top line of Rs. 49 crore, reflecting a strong growth of 
23% year-on-year and 6% quarter-on-quarter. This SBU offers 14 service 
lines over 10 cities and continues to experience a very high rate of repeat 
transactions. 
 
• 
Max Lab, the non-captive pathology vertical, now offers its services in nearly 
50 cities and has a network of over 1,100 collection centers & active 
partners. This SBU reported a gross revenue of Rs. 41 crore, reflecting a 
strong growth of 21% year-on-year and 6% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
11. Now, coming to the status of expansion projects:  
 
• 
For 590 beds at Lucknow hospital, the work on refurbishing the existing 
facility is underway. Finishing work for operationalizing additional 140 beds 
has started. We have also received the environmental clearance (EC) 
approval for setting up a new 450-bed tower on this site and we expect to 
complete the development of the new tower within 24 months. 
 
• 
For 140 beds at Nagpur hospital, work has been initiated to add around 25 
beds through internal reconfiguration by Q3 FY25 and environmental 
clearance (EC) application for adding 115 beds on two additional floors has 
been filed. We expect approval over the next 2-3 months and the project 
completion within 24 months. 
 
• 
For 241 beds in Nanavati (Phase I), the hospital structure will be up in this 
month and the project completion is expected by end of this fiscal year, as 
communicated earlier. The project continues to be on schedule. 
 
• 
For 375 beds at Max Smart (Saket Complex), the project was fast-tracked 
in Q4 and we expect its completion by Q1 FY26. This is a steel structure 
building and the installation of columns has already started. The site is fully 
mobilized and we don't expect any further delays. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
• 
For 155 beds at Mohali, work on the 2nd floor slab is underway, while the 
work on ramp area side is reaching ground level. All high-side equipment 
has been ordered and the project is on schedule. We expect the completion 
by Q1 FY26. 
 
• 
For 300 beds at Sector 56, Gurgaon (Phase I), basement slabs are nearing 
completion and the project is progressing as per plan. Orders for all high 
lead-time items have been placed. We expect completion of the first phase 
by Q2 FY26. 
 
• 
For 250 beds at Patparganj (Phase I), post issuance of the no objection 
certificate (NOC) by the fire and water departments, we have submitted the 
drawings for approval and the tendering process for this project is on. 
 
• 
For 415 beds at Max Vikrant (Saket Complex) (Phase I), the environmental 
clearance (EC) and consent to establish (CTE) have been received. The 
barricading and D-walls, etc. has started. We have applied for forest 
approval and are still awaiting the same. We expect some delay due to 
ongoing litigation involving DDA and Delhi Government regarding cutting out 
trees in the eco-sensitive zone near Asola Bhati Wildlife Sanctuary and the 
Ridge areas without approval. 
With this, we open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial.   
Amey Chalke: 
The first question I have is in Lucknow Sahara unit. I understand that we have a plan 
to expand the unit to 550 beds and then there is another tower which could come up. 
But what is the near-term action plan for the existing units of the 250 bedded unit in 
terms of the speciality addition, etc. ARPOB, I believe, is substantially low, so what 
would be the drivers going ahead for this unit to improve the ARPOB? 
Abhay Soi: 
Clinical programs is clearly one, adding doctors is the other and that's how you 
achieve growth in clinical programs, and improvement in infrastructure. We expect 
to refurbish the present infrastructure as well as add 140 beds by end of this calendar 
year. As far as clinical programs are concerned – oncology represents less than 2% 
of the total revenue in Max Lucknow. So, that's a major driver for us. As you know, it 
is a high ARPOB business and contributes more than 24-25% to our overall revenue. 
So, if you look at implying that to Max Lucknow, you will see a major fillip in ARPOB. 
Like I mentioned, we’ve seen that in the first three months literally. We acquired it in 
end of March, and in April, May, June compared to April, May, June last year, there's 
already been a ~58% increase in EBITDA, and this has largely come through all the 
low hanging fruits, etc., which were there.  
The real changes that we may have made, you're going to have all of those pay 
dividends in the quarters to come. Also, typically we have a higher proportion of 
surgical business in our hospitals and a lower proportion of medical business, 
whereas in both Nagpur and Lucknow, the situation is the other way round. So, when 
your surgical mix moves up with respect to the medical mix, you see higher ARPOBs 
in any case. So, there are plenty of levers. We are not sort of concerned about that. 
And frankly, the kind of traction that we are getting and the early wins that we have 
been able to demonstrate over there, gives us a lot of confidence that we should be 
able to ramp up both ARPOB as well as profitability there. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Amey Chalke: 
So, this oncology addition, etc. should we expect it in the existing unit or it will happen 
once the expansion for the bed addition happens? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, no. In the existing unit. We already have bunkers for radiation, etc., which are 
non-operational. We will just operationalize this. The 140 beds that we are adding as 
well as refurbishment that we are doing is going to happen by the end of the year. 
Actually, even the new tower that we are building is going to be done over the next 
24 months because it is 27 acres of land and we don't have to build so many 
basements, similar to what we are doing at Max Smart. But yes, the oncology 
business should ramp up in the current year itself. It may not ramp up to 25%, but 
you will see ramp ups in the quarters to come immediately, as well as in the surgical 
business. Even after we take over these, when we start adding doctors, when we 
issue letter of intents and they sign up to join us, they still have 2-3 months’ notice 
period. So, it takes them time to join us and as the infrastructure, the new equipment 
that has been ordered, etc. comes through, you will see more and more teams 
coming up. Right now, all the technology, all the equipment, etc. is being replaced, 
right? 
Amey Chalke: 
The second question I have is on the Dwarka unit, which has been recently 
commissioned. If you can provide some timeline over there, how the ramp up will 
happen? And in terms of the Speciality, is it at par at present with the other units or 
do you think the improvement will happen over a period of time? 
Abhay Soi: 
So, in terms of the infrastructure, it is at par. I think the bunker is not ready as yet. 
That is going to be ready in due course. But other than that, I think as far as the 
infrastructure and technology is concerned, not only it is at par, but it's also the new 
generation. I would say it's perhaps one or two steps ahead of the existing 
infrastructure. We have again seen very good traction over there. It is a massive 
facility. It's the best infrastructure of its kind in the region of Dwarka. There's a huge 
amount of population. Again, fantastic traction is what we have seen in the first month 
itself. And I think that should continue. We should have a break even within 6 to 9 
months. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment Managers.  
Rishi Mody: 
Abhay, just on the Mohali hospital that you are planning to add four years out, right, 
is this going to be firstly an O&M agreement the way we have with Devki Devi and 
those kinds of hospitals or is it an outright rental sort of a model that we see in retail 
where we don't incur any CAPEX, we have to just put in a security deposit, and we 
start operating on it? 
Abhay Soi: 
It is the latter, we're leasing it. It's an outright rental / lease model where somebody 
else is putting the infrastructure and has invested in the land making a built-to-suit. 
It's a 50-year lease agreement. The only difference is normally you have commercial 
leases for 9 or 15 years, but here there's a 50-year lock in. 
Rishi Mody: 
So, just from a broader conceptual point of view, right, are we seeing incremental 
interest from, say, the builder or real estate community towards having this sort of 
models or like if you could just share your observations from across north India or 
rest of the country? 
Abhay Soi: 
It depends on the tenant. Today, say you tell a builder to make a built-to-suit and we 
will give you 8-8.5% yield, with 3-4% increment every year, which is what the market 
is, as far as commercial real estate is concerned. As far as the builders or developers 
are concerned, they are happy to do it for commercial real estate, for retail real estate 
or for hospitals. The question is how many hospital chains can offer this. Your own 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
ROCEs have to be significantly higher than what you are paying out over there. In 
our situation, we are able to take up these hospitals because our ROCEs are 
significantly higher. And so, this built-to-suit model works for us. And it certainly 
works for the developers. They are taking a punt on our balance sheet effectively 
and that is where they're getting the confidence that we will be around for 50 years, 
and they'll be able to, even after making that particular hospital, dedicate it to us for 
50 years. Because do remember, this is a built-to-suit, so it's as per our design. If 
somebody is building something under certain specs and leasing it out to you for 50-
years, he has to be very confident that you will be around for 50 years and your 
balance sheet will be able to hold it. I think that's the punt a developer needs to take 
because eventually you’re a tenant, but here you’re a tenant for 50 years. It’s not as 
if you can move this hospital and you will start using it for a mall or give it for some 
other purpose or hotel or whatever else it is. 
Rishi Mody: 
I think you went through the capacity addition plans and updates pretty quickly, but 
just on an overall basis versus Q4, any delays or any preponement, if you could 
highlight that piece? 
Abhay Soi: 
Not really. So, we're not expecting any delays or preponements. I think, except for 
Vikrant, which is the last one in any case and is a 2027-28 generation hospital where 
we're expecting maybe a couple of quarters of delay. Other than that, we are not 
expecting any delays. So, you should have Mumbai, Mohali, as well as Smart up by 
Q4 FY25, Q1 FY26. 
Rishi Mody: 
Yogesh, I had a question for you on the tax rate piece. So, I am seeing a tax rate for 
this quarter has come up to 26%. Just wanted to understand because I am under the 
impression that we have a tax benefit in the BLK and the Nanavati and now with 
both, the Dwarka unit. So, is my understanding correct and this is just a factor of the 
profitability for these two charitable hospitals, if you could just help me understand 
the tax piece for you all? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
That's right. So, overall rate is 22.8%. The rate has gone up this quarter because we 
have losses in the new entities, mainly the Sahara hospital entity. Sahara hospital 
transaction was Rs. 993 crore. We funded this by Rs. 840 crore of loan into the entity. 
And as Abhay alluded to in his speech, we are changing the cost and capital structure 
in the company. So, since we have losses in the company, we don't do the DTA as 
per our policy till such time the company is profitable. That means that you have 
these losses, but you have tax on the other entities. That is the reason why the rate 
has gone up, but otherwise the rate was same as in Q4. Q4 was 21.8% and we do 
think that going forward it will be around 22%. Also, for BLK, the agreement is that 
whatever is the net profit, 98% of the profit comes to us. So, the moment we withdraw 
that money from there, there are two taxes on that: one is that there is GST and also 
other is that when the money comes on this side, then we have to pay tax on it, right? 
So, to that extent, BLK doesn't allow me any tax shields.  
Yogesh Sareen: 
We don't trap money in trust. We take it and we pay full tax on it. 
Rishi Mody: 
For example, now in BLK, there's no capacity expansion plan, so you are taking the 
money, repatriating it to the holding company, but Nanavati, we have a plan of 
expansion, hence we are not repatriating, but once that expansion is done, it will also 
become like BLK, is my understanding correct? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
That's right, but also this formula is on cumulative basis. So, what happened is that 
BLK wiped out their losses on a cumulative basis in Q2 last year. So, the withdrawal 
has happened from Q3 onwards. Similar thing will happen for Nanavati, the 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
withdrawal will happen but that will happen once the cumulative profits are made in 
that trust. 
Rishi Mody: 
So, maybe 1-2 years down the line, it will start paying off? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC Securities and Capital 
Markets (India) Private Limited.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
My first question is on the margin contraction which we have seen in 1st Quarter. 
Can we attribute most of that for the new facility cost or between 4Q and June 
quarter, have you seen any major change in the business mix say in terms of medical 
and surgical volumes which are coming to your facility? 
Abhay Soi: 
We have clearly seen a change in the clinical mix. It's moved to a higher-end clinical 
mix. And like I've mentioned in the past, when you do higher-end surgeries, you do 
more robotics and more oncology, etc., they typically have lower margins in 
percentage terms, but higher margins in value terms. Whilst you see a flattening of 
EBITDA margins, you see an increase in EBITDA per bed on the existing hospitals 
as well. The takeaway should be that what is the increase in EBITDA per bed 
because eventually we have got two things - we have got inventory and we have got 
number of days in a year. You would rather do a 20% margin on a Rs. 10 lakhs 
surgery than do a 50% margin on a Rs. 2 lakhs surgery, right? So, the percentage is 
irrelevant. Other thing is that we had a reduction in OP footfalls, like I mentioned, in 
the current year and these OP footfalls were largely from immigration because of 
disruption in visa from Canada and from UK and a little bit in Australia. That has also 
had a couple of percentage points impact. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My second question is a couple of your hospitals are scheduled to start in another 6 
to 12 months if I may say, Nanavati, Smart. So, just want to understand when you 
are about to start a new facility, when do you start your pre-launch activities and what 
kind of cost you are anticipating for these upcoming units? 
Abhay Soi: 
Unlike Dwarka, which is a new facility and you need to actually have a minimum 
number of doctors and staff, i.e., you pretty much need to staff the entire hospital. In 
that case, before you apply for even a nursing home license, you are sitting fully 
staffed, then you make the application for the nursing home license and then you 
need to promote the facility by advertising it, etc. by onboarding doctors and getting 
all the insurance companies and TPAs onboarded, by getting institutional 
empanelment, by getting corporate tie-ups, etc. You are really starting from ground 
zero. All of the facilities that you have alluded to right now, be it Nanavati, Mohali as 
well as the Max Smart, they're all existing facilities. So, we don't need to promote the 
existing facilities. There are enough people waiting in the ER over there, waiting for 
beds. In fact, it's going to be very similar to what happened in Shalimar Bagh. In 
Shalimar Bagh, we didn't have to incur any pre-op expenses or promote the facility 
or even wait to get the contracts, etc. All of the contracts were already signed up at 
the existing facility. So, you won't see any pressure on margins over there. I think 
almost from day one you are good to go. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My last question is a clarity on your Mohali planned hospital. So, you said it's a 50-
year long lease and it's a built to suit premise which you will be getting. So, there will 
be no CAPEX once you get the facility lead, just say, equipment and then people 
cost which will be going towards this? 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Abhay Soi: 
That's right. We will be providing the medical equipment, the security deposit, which 
is interest bearing, and loose furniture. The entire project cost will be incurred by the 
developer, including the land and building, etc. More importantly, any delays, any 
cost and time overruns, everything will be on to their account. This is very similar to 
what we have done in Dwarka. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
The way like Dwarka, it's O&M facility which you got into your network, but - 
Abhay Soi: 
This is not an O&M; it is a lease. But the same arrangement like Dwarka, in the sense 
that developer will develop it and incur the project cost. We only bring in the 
equipment and fit-outs Whether you look at O&M or a lease, the commercials are 
pretty much the same and the arrangement is asset-light. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital.   
Kunal Randeria: 
Abhay, in the last few quarters, the number of your institutional bed is stagnant 
around 29%. Do you see headroom for some improvement over here? 
Abhay Soi: 
We do see headroom for improvement here, but usually Q1 and Q3 are weaker 
quarters. So, compared to a Q4, you take your foot off the accelerator since that's 
not the time because your occupancy levels subdue at that point in time and you are 
not going to churn your patients. Typically, you will see churn happening in the Q2 
and Q4. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Because even I think in last quarter it was somewhere around 29%, right in the last 
five or six quarters somewhere in this range. 
Abhay Soi: 
But that's a Q4, right, the fourth quarter is a strong quarter. So, if you see Q3 versus 
Q4, there may have been some change. But if you look at Q4 versus Q1, you won't 
have a change. So, typically now again from Q1 to Q2, you will see a change, but 
Q2 to Q3 you won't see a change. 
Yogesh Sareen:  
I would also say there's a change that you don't see. That change is in the ARPOB 
of the business, right? We do the PSU business, but while you may see the same 
beds, but the throughput of those beds has gone up. If I see the improvement in the 
ARPOB year-on-year, it's a 10% improvement in the ARPOB of the PSU. This means 
that within those beds we are trying to do higher-end work 
Kunal Randeria: 
Second question is on ARPOB. This quarter saw around 7% growth on your existing 
units. So, is this the new normal that we should expect going forward? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, this is because of immigration and visas, that's had maybe a 2-3% impact on 
ARPOB. That is a business we had last year. But this year there's been some 
disruption because of Canada and UK not issuing immigration visas, and we have 
seen the same with Australia as well. We believe it's a temporary phenomenon and 
that business is a little subdued. But if it doesn't, then we kind of repurpose that 
space to put more dialysis beds, etc. We will catch that up. I think 7% would be a 
little muted compared to perhaps what we have had in the past. 
Kunal Randeria: 
When you mention that your growth should be higher than 7%, does it include all the 
beds or just the existing units?  
Abhay Soi: 
New units will be a significantly higher ARPOB growth. New units are starting at a 
low base. So, if you combine the two, then your growth should be more. You had a 
revenue growth of 21% in the new units. 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
So, you are saying that maybe Lucknow and Nagpur whose ARPOBs are lower 
should grow at a much faster pace than your existing hospitals? 
Abhay Soi: 
And Dwarka. It's the new hospital, right. Since your percentage growth, the absolute 
base is lower, they're starting on a lower ARPOB. If you add a 21% and 64% growth 
in Lucknow and Nagpur on revenue and EBITDA alone so you can imagine huge 
amount of growth coming from that. 
Kunal Randeria: 
I think Lucknow seems to be like a go to spot for a lot of your peers also. Do you 
think that so many beds coming up in that area, there is enough medical talent 
available both from the doctors as well as from the nursing perspective? 
Abhay Soi: 
Actually, I don't know of any other hospital coming up there. And besides Medanta, 
which has been there for a while and a smaller Apollo facility which has again been 
there for 5-6 years, and Max Lucknow (erstwhile Sahara hospital) was also an 
existing facility and other than that we have only bought the land in Shaheed Path. 
But I haven't heard of any other hospitals really coming up there. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
But nevertheless, we see an abundant supply of talent there. In fact, the doctors that 
we employ in Delhi, a lot of them are from SGPGIMS, Lucknow. So, to that extent, 
we haven't really – 
Abhay Soi: 
Historically, Lucknow has been the place where we have got most doctors. Around 
25-30% of our Delhi doctors are from Lucknow. Historically, Lucknow has had 
medical colleges and government medical hospitals, etc. and therefore a big base of 
doctors there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Dheeresh Pathak from Whiteoak Capital Management.  
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Sir, which quarter do we take the annual increments -- is it this quarter or -? 
Abhay Soi: 
1st of April. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
For the Mohali asset that we mentioned, would it be possible for you to share how 
much the real estate partner is investing in the land and building for the 250 beds? 
Abhay Soi: 
I can't share that. He owns the land. We have given our specifications and our BOQs, 
but they don't share what they're spending. But the building alone will cost about 
80% of the total project cost if we were to do it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Adrit Chaturvedi from Nomura.   
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
So, my question is specifically regarding the inpatient business. So, you have 
reported this quarter around Rs. 1,600 crore of IP revenue. So, that's around 21% 
year-on-year growth. And also, the volumes have grown by roughly 17%. So, that 
translates to about like 3.5% growth in realization. Now, this 3.5% is sort of one of 
the lowest in the preceding quarters, but at the same time, the volumes are like 
highest in the preceding quarters. So, is this the sort of business profiling that we 
should come to expect as you grow and you expand that your realization per patient 
on the IP business is going to be around 3-4% but you are going to focus more on 
volumes? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
I think you are looking at the overall number, which includes the new facilities. You 
should compare the number on year-on-year basis for the existing hospitals 
separately because the new hospitals’ ARPOB is obviously lower. To that extent, 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
you will find a volume increase but not an increase in the revenues because of the 
ARPOB issue. As Abhay mentioned that as we change the mix of the business in 
those new hospitals, we also put in oncology there and have more talent there, the 
ARPOBs will start inching up slowly. So, there's a difference of Rs. 80,000 to Rs. 
45,000. The new hospitals have ARPOB of Rs. 45,000 and our existing hospitals 
have an ARPOB of Rs. 80,000. We think that Rs. 45,000 will surely come up fast. 
So, it should be anything between Rs. 60,000-65,000 let's say in a year's time and 
that's how this will catch up. Then you will find that the volume increase and the 
overall revenue increase will start to have lesser differences. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
So, the backdrop also on the levers for these realizations, right? So, like if we look 
at the sum of shares of oncology, cardiac sciences, orthopedics, neuroscience and 
renal, the share has come down this quarter on year-on-year basis and that's the 
first in a while and -? 
Abhay Soi: 
Because you included the new hospitals, which has less than 2% oncology share. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Because the new hospitals share is very different from what we have in the existing 
hospitals. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
When do you suspect like, as the expansion ramps up like we would have a sort of 
a resting rate where as you said ARPOB grows at roughly 9-10%. So, I guess the 
realization grow at 8%. 
Abhay Soi: 
No, it doesn't work like that. Please understand what is it that we focus on? We focus 
on acquiring facilities, turning them around, and getting higher ROCEs over a period 
of time, but we look at it on an incremental basis, right? If we bought something with 
a lower ARPOB and we are demonstrating an increase in that ARPOB, it may or may 
not get to the same ARPOB levels as the Network average. For instance, Nagpur 
hospital will not have the same ARPOB, eventually, that the Delhi hospital does nor 
will it have the same EBITDA per bed. What you have to see is vis-à-vis what you 
paid for it, what is the sort of return you are going to get. What we are seeing is that 
levers for doing all of that is going to be better clinical mix, doing more surgical work, 
higher oncology business, etc. Now, you may get to that mix of 25% or 24% 
oncology, okay, but you may not get to the same ARPOB as Delhi because the rates 
in Nagpur are cheaper. I am not even chasing the Delhi ARPOB for it, right? 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Lastly, so a lot of your peers have mentioned that they're sort of translating a lot of 
the lower ALOS businesses to like day care. And right now, your IP business is 
roughly 80% of overall. So, you don't give any separate numbers there. So, do you 
have like any kind of qualitative color regarding what's the OPD margin profiling 
versus daycare and how it helps your margins, if you sort of translate a lot of those 
lower ALOS to daycare and non-census beds? 
Abhay Soi: 
Look, the lower ALOS business has its own sort of tenets with it, because currently 
insurance companies don't cover procedures where you don't spend the night in the 
hospital. So, you need to spend the night for insurance companies to settle the claim. 
Daycare may not be covered by the insurance companies. That itself is kind of a 
hindrance. The longer you stay in hospital, the hospital loses money since the 
surgical part is what makes money. So, if you can translate anything into a daycare, 
get a person in the morning, do the procedure and have him out by the evening, your 
yield is significantly higher. The question is, why is it that you can't do it, because for 
most of the procedures, you need to stay in the night in the hospital to get to claim 
insurance. 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
So, on the cash pay patients is there a targeted strategy there to like to move a lot 
of these lower ALOS to daycare or is it something that's not the focus right now in 
terms of your non-IP business? 
Abhay Soi: 
So, we do that as hygiene, right? I’m not sure exactly what you are seeking. If you 
are able to articulate a little better, then perhaps I can answer your question. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
For us, ARPOB is the one that we pursue. The daycare procedures will be all run-
of-the-mill procedures. Our focus is to go up the value chain. So, we will be pursuing 
liver transplants, oncology, neuro, cardiology, cardiac surgeries, etc. I think those 
are the sort of procedures that we pursue. So, while obviously there'll be shift of 
some procedures that you do in one day stay to daycare. Yes, we can and we do, 
but that's not the focus of the hospital administration to really pursue. 
Abhay Soi: 
It really depends on what your proportion is. For everybody, the ALOS is different 
because the clinical programs are different. Now, if you do a liver transplant, your 
ARPOB is higher, your EBITDA per bed is higher. But the fact of the matter is that 
the patient stays much longer. Now, would I replace that with a dengue patient, which 
has maybe a lower ALOS and higher percentage margin but lower sort of EBITDA 
per bed and ARPOB? No. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital.   
Prashant Nair: 
As your new projects now start coming onstream over the next few years, if you take 
some of your larger brownfield projects like say in Saket or Nanavati, when the new 
beds come online, do they have similar case mix, payor mix, ARPOB, etc., as the 
older base, or would we start at slightly different levels and then match up to how the 
existing hospital beds does? 
Abhay Soi: 
So, you are going to have a different mix to start with, because first and foremost 
you try to ramp up occupancy over there in the new beds. And when you do that, 
then you are not kind of very strict on the payor mix as well as the clinical mix. People 
who may not be getting priority today because that's a lower end payor mix or a lower 
end clinical mix, you open your doors to it. So, your ARPOB from the incremental 
beds is lower. Having said that, the EBITDA per bed is higher. So, your profitability 
is higher because you get huge amount of operating leverage over there. Your main 
costs, associated costs, etc. are already being incurred by the existing hospital. 
Prashant Nair: 
Second question is in these projects, would the investment in the beds follow a 
similar pattern for say a new Greenfield project where you front load everything, 
right? So, in brownfield beds, is there a period maybe after the first year, second 
year when you have to step up either investment in people or equipment for a ramp 
up, or are they all done at the beginning? 
Abhay Soi: 
This is all done in the beginning. So, you don't have to step up anything. For 
brownfield, you are operating with the same set of people, the same majority of the 
equipment is already there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal.   
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, on international patient ARPOB if you could just help us understand like how 
much decline in the ARPOB that has happened because of these issues related to 
visa’s over there year-over-year or quarter-on-quarter? 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Abhay Soi: 
International business has got nothing to do with immigration business. These are 
two separate streams altogether. The immigration business is where people come 
for visas, they have to get themselves tested, etc. in our immigration departments. 
International business is the incoming business that you have. I mean, immigration 
business is if you have to relocate to Canada, then you have to get your medical 
tests and all done. It's outpatient business. The international medical tourism is 
people who are coming to India. So, these are two separate business streams. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, as far as international business, just to understand what kind of ARPOB growth 
we have seen in the last two or three quarters? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Typically, the ARPOB in the international business is one and half times of the overall 
ARPOB. International business growth on ARPOB would be 7% to 10% if you see 
last year. But it also changes from quarter to quarter, depending on what is the 
procedure configuration that you are getting. So, it will be overall growth. These tariffs 
are linked to the self-pay tariff. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, largely similar to that of the domestic patient in terms of growth, not in terms of 
value, but in terms of growth, we are largely similar in both international as well as 
domestic patient, is that the right way to look at? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Pricing is linked to the self-pay tariff, right? We charge a premium on that, but it's 
linked to self-pay. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
How much is the OPEX at Dwarka like operational costs when you say break even 
within six to eight months, so if you could share how much OPEX and how much of 
that is already into the P&L? You said that we need to get the licenses and also you 
need to have doctors and nurses already onboard. So, does it mean that it is already 
in 1Q? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
In this quarter, we have Rs. 6 crore of pre-launch costs. These are the costs of the 
doctors and the staff that we had hired. Before you get the nursing home license, 
you are supposed to have people on your payroll. You need to demonstrate to the 
Delhi Health Department that we have so many people available for treating patients. 
So, this is that cost. We haven't had any revenue from the hospital in Q1. This cost 
will obviously build up. This is the cost which is for the quarter. But obviously if you 
take June month, the cost will be higher than the average. Rs. 6 crore is not for the 
full quarter. If I take July, you will have further increase in the cost because we are 
adding more people. So, we opened 94 beds at this point of time and I can't give you 
a P&L statement in terms of what the cost would be, but we do think that by the 8th 
to 9th month we should be in a breakeven state, which means that in Q4, we should 
start to see breakeven numbers at EBITDA level for Dwarka hospital. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Trying to understand till that time how much drag will be there on the existing EBITDA 
of say 500 crore, so from that perspective just wanted to understand? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
We said Q4 will breakeven, right? So, that means the drag will happen till Q4. So, in 
Q4 you will see that loss becoming kind of breakeven for Dwarka. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And how much further investment would be required in Lucknow for these 450 beds 
once the EC approval is there? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, I think this will be around Rs. 700 crore plus for the beds. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Kadam from Canara Robeco Mutual Fund.   

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Amit Kadam: 
Sir, my question is like I am just reading the Slide #10 and I am trying to refer the 
outpatient growth what we have seen, the fourth chart, where it shows that 4.5% has 
been the growth for the like-to-like the existing hospital. Whereas when I compare it 
for the Q1 FY'24 a year back, this run rate was like almost 13%, 14% growth rate. 
How do I read this particular thing 14% versus 4.5% right now? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
OP consults have come down and Abhay alluded to it in his speech as well. We have 
immigration business, which is down by around 48%. We have three centers for 
immigration: two in Punjab and one in Delhi. Now, the footfalls have come down by 
48% there. So, obviously that has an impact on these numbers because that's OP 
business. So, we do think that this impact will go on till Q3. Q4 was the normal quarter 
because we have this change in the visa regulations from 1st of January this year. 
So, there will be some impact that you will have. 
Abhay Soi: 
But the good part is this is not the OP business which leads to in-patient admissions, 
right? I mean, for immigration business, OP patients come do the consult and go out 
the same day. So, they don't get translated. Normally reduction in OP business or in 
outpatient footfalls would be concerning because what that means is you are going 
to have lower inpatients going forward, but this is not the category of people which 
convert to inpatients. Also, last year, I think we opened Shalimar Bagh and so 3% of 
that was because of the capacity expansion, as Keshav pointed out. It was new 
capacity, which had opened in this quarter last year. 
Amit Kadam: 
So, like the kind of capacities what we are going to see in next one odd year, what 
is the metrics or what number you would like to see because for a kind of a run rate 
in terms of volume what we want to see and partly driven by ARPOB, but partly 
driven by volume, this number should be high single digit, that's what could be a 
number for maybe a steady state growth? 
Abhay Soi: 
Are you talking about the existing hospitals or the new hospitals or combined? 
Amit Kadam: 
Existing, sir, because combined may not be correct reference but like when I just see 
that inpatient and outpatient both and you say that partly would be the international 
but then I am just like little confused that international patient coming off may not 
have a so much - 
Abhay Soi: 
So, the material part is the inpatient. 
Amit Kadam: 
Yes, so inpatient is 5.5%. That's what is the second part of the question is then what 
is the run rate I need to see in this particular number to maintain our steady state 
growth rate as a tracking point? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, I will just give you an example of what happened in Shalimar Bagh. This is the 
hospital where we added 43% bed capacity, and the moment you had the capacity 
available, the capacity got filled up, the inpatient volumes and the occupancies went 
up by 34-35%. That means the outpatient and inpatient footfalls went up by 34-35%. 
That's the same thing we expect here to the extent that if there is a brownfield 
expansion and let's say in a 300-bed hospital, we are adding 150 beds, and we plan 
to open all those 150 beds in one go, so to that extent you will find that the volume 
will expand and within 2-3 quarters we should be reach normal occupancy levels as 
well – 
Abhay Soi: 
If you want to do apples-to-apples, like you added Shalimar Bagh capacity last year 
same time, this year you will add Lucknow and Nagpur and then see what the overall 
growth is. That's why I asked you the specific question, because you are not doing 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
apples-to-apples, right. If you are looking in existing hospitals last year, then you 
have to look at existing hospitals without the Shalimar Bagh expansion. 
Amit Kadam: 
But sir, this is a volume count, right? So, it is irrespective of what hospitals I am trying 
to count because even I give that benefit of Shalimar Bagh also now part where in 
the existing part, and if it is 5.5. 
Abhay Soi: 
I just look at it differently. So, let's say last year, you had 3,400 beds and then you 
add let's say 200 beds to it because you have done a brownfield. Now, you have 
moved to 3,600 beds. You are not comparing the 3,400 to the existing beds today, 
you are comparing the 3,600 beds to the existing today, but you had that jump of 
200 beds last year. Likewise, if you take a jump of 900 beds this year, then you need 
to look at overall footfalls. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Let me convey it the other way around and explain this. So, basically, we have the 
highest occupancy among our peer group, which means that we cannot have more 
in-patients. So, what needs to come first? You need to have capacity to have more 
in-patients. So, to that extent we are limited by the number of beds that we have. 
And the example that I gave to you was Shalimar Bagh. The moment we added beds 
there, the volumes went up. So, as the capacities will get added, we do think the 
growth in the volume will materially change because we don't have beds right now. 
Abhay Soi: 
If you don't come up with brownfield, if you don't come up with capacity addition, 
we're already operating at 77% occupancy. I don't have room for my beds’ 
occupancy to go up. It can only be marginal. 
Amit Kadam: 
This explains that particular thing because maybe on the flip side, I was maybe trying 
to see is there a shortfall in terms of whatever the demand expectation is. 
Abhay Soi: 
No. I mean, there's a shortfall of supply and that's why we are doing all these 
brownfields. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
And that's where the Shalimar Bagh fitted. 
Amit Kadam: 
And you mentioned that inpatient and outpatient doesn't have a high correlation with 
that particular thing? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, it has a very high correlation, but the outpatient business that has reduced is the 
visa immigration business. So, let's say if you immigrate to Canada, you will come to 
our hospital and get the medical certificate from us because we were accredited with 
the Canadian Embassy. Now that person was not going into inpatient, he was not 
getting admitted for a procedure. Since Canadian government is not issuing visas 
right now, so people are not coming for that medical certificate. 
Amit Kadam: 
If you would have added that missing part, what run rate this number 4.5 would have 
been? 
Abhay Soi: 
My inpatient would be the same. 
Amit Kadam: 
Not inpatient. Outpatient, then, sir. That 4.5 would have jumped up? 
Abhay Soi: 
Yes. Then that would have gone up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum Broking.   

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sumit Gupta: 
So, just want to understand on the bed share mix. So, basically from the existing 
universe bed share has remained majorly between 29% to 30% for the institutional 
segment, however overall institutional bed share mix has come down to 27%. So, 
how do you see it going forward over the next two to three years, once all the facilities 
get integrated and they are in full stream? 
Abhay Soi: 
There are two aspects. Like we said that Q1 is a weaker quarter, so you have less 
demand. Therefore, you don't put your foot on the accelerator and start driving out 
institutional business, you accept and accommodate because you want to fill your 
beds. Normally, you see this happening in Q2 and Q4 where you have reduction in 
institutional business. Having said that, like I mentioned, when you come up with new 
brownfield capacity, then occupancy is the criteria, not the caliber of clinical mix as 
well as the payor mix. So, at that stage, we will be taking more institutional. But 
having said that, even for institutional business, the EBITDA per bed which we're 
able to eke out is significantly higher than what it is for existing beds, and that has 
been our experience in Shalimar Bagh also. So, when we opened the new beds 
there, we saw the incremental ARPOB of the new beds come down because you 
were taking institutional as well as lower payor mix, etc. but the EBITDA per bed 
pertaining to those incremental beds was higher than the EBITDA per bed of the 
existing hospital. 
Sumit Gupta: 
And for the international patients also, you see bed share mix going upwards or 
remaining at the same level and like how do you see this international business going 
forward? 
Abhay Soi: 
The growth in that business has been outstripping growth in other segments, so 
percentage share is incrementally going up. 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, I think Q1 is an aberration there, but growth has come back as we speak and 
there was some temporary blip because of situation in Bangladesh, Yemen, Somalia, 
etc. – 
Abhay Soi: 
Nevertheless, as long as your growth in international business is more than growth 
in your other business, you will see the bed share only go up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities.   
Alankar Garude: 
We have added two new cities to our network in the past six months. Other than 
these two, our focus seems to be on growing in the existing market at least over the 
next four to five years. The question is beyond what we have already announced so 
far on the expansion front, is it fair to expect a relatively higher expansion 
announcement coming through towards the newer markets? 
Abhay Soi: 
I think growth in our existing hospitals is not a focus, growth in our existing hospitals 
is a necessity, because we have run out of capacity. We are already operating at 
77% and we need to increase bed strength in our existing hospitals. That's why you 
are seeing this incremental expansion happening and this is something we 
embarked on 2-3 years ago. So, they've been under construction and maybe 
between the next 8 to 15, 20 months you are going to see a lot of that capacity come 
through. Now, having said that, we still have our balance sheet. You know all the 
expansion is being incurred through internal accruals. So, we are intending to go to 
other markets. They are high ROCE markets, high opportunity markets, and frankly, 
you can imagine whatever multiple we have paid for these two hospitals, has already 
come down by 60-odd% simply because we have moved the EBITDA up in the first 
three months. So, we see opportunities in other markets as well and we are focusing 
on them. That's where the focus is going to be. This doesn't mean that we don't look 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
at metros. The point is that in metros, it's going to be that much more difficult to be 
able to acquire hospitals or to acquire land because it's not available. 
Alankar Garude: 
So, maybe a link to that one, how are you looking at this expansion from an 
operational standpoint, I mean any need to beef up the senior management team, 
can senior management bandwidth be increasingly an issue going forward? 
Abhay Soi: 
On the contrary, I think if you actually see the number of locations that we have 
added in the last 5-6 years, is essentially three; one is Dwarka, which is opened, one 
is Lucknow and one is Nagpur. So, from maybe 17 hospitals, we have gone to 20. 
Everybody wants career progression, right? We have got close to 30,000 people 
working for us, and if it's one unit head, he also wants, over 5-6 years, his area of 
influence to increase. He's handling one hospital, now he wants to handle two, the 
person who is handling two, wants to handle three or four. So, I think providing that 
growth, providing that segue for people's career path, is a necessity today. And 
essentially, a lot of our expansion is brownfield. Now if I increase 800 beds by 
another 400 beds in Saket, it's the same location, you are not really operating 
another facility. So, from 200 beds in Mohali, you go to 355 beds, you don't require 
management bandwidth for it. I mean, you are just doing more of the same 
effectively. And 85% of our growth coming through going forward is coming through 
brownfield. So, it's your existing capacity that you are increasing. From a leadership 
standpoint or down the line, with three locations getting added on top of 17, there is 
not much of a bandwidth issue. On the projects side, of course we have augmented 
the teams, because when we embarked upon all of these expansions, we needed to 
fortify those teams. So, that we focused on. Other than that, not really. And of course, 
we have strengthened the teams, etc. but that happens through due course. I don't 
see bandwidth issues because frankly the expansion hasn't been that much in terms 
of locations. 
Alankar Garude: 
So, maybe that question becomes more relevant as we go beyond these 20 
locations. So, the second one then, Abhay is we have been increasingly hearing 
about resistance from insurance companies on rising healthcare tariffs. Over a 
period of time, do you expect any change in the balance of power when it comes to 
negotiations between corporate hospital chains like us and the insurance 
companies? 
Abhay Soi: 
Insurance companies by the end of the day piggyback on what your schedule of 
charges is, what your rate list is for cash paying patients. And frankly, I think you 
have the most democratic system over here because no hospital has a monopoly. 
Patients are choosing to go where they want basis the value proposition that they 
are able to get. It's not as if people are not kind of reducing their prices to get more 
patients. Everybody does that. None of the big chains are price makers, we are all 
price takers. Eventually, 90% of all healthcare is provided by smaller nursing homes, 
etc. Every year they know what the inflation is, they come up with a particular price, 
and when we seek price data, that is the basis on which we increase our rates. From 
our standpoint, do keep in mind that our EBITDA per bed is still 55% better than the 
second-best player in the industry. Our ARPOBs are maybe 20% better than the 
second-best player in the industry. So even if there is price negotiation, that sort of 
comes down for us. I frankly think that the insurance companies are a lot more 
fragmented. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shubham Dugad from Purnartha Investments.   
Shubham Dugad: 
I want to know how many nursing seats you have across hospitals? 
Abhay Soi: 
You mean nursing colleges? 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Shubham Dugad: 
You have some nursing facility in Lucknow, I think. 
Abhay Soi: 
We have one nursing college in Lucknow and that's around 100 seats.  
Shubham Dugad: 
And do you want to increase that or something like planning there? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, we have tie-ups with many nursing colleges. 
Shubham Dugad: 
How many beds being operationalized in Dwarka? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, it's a 303-bedded hospital, and so far, 94 beds are operational. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Abhay Soi: 
So, thank you everyone for joining us for the Q1 FY25 Earnings Call. We look forward 
to catching up again next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
