 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN: L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 8th Floor, City Bay, CTS NO. 14 (P), 17 Boat Club Road, Pune-411 001, Maharashtra, India 
 Tel.: +91  20 6622 6500  Fax : +91  20 6622 6511 
Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com Email id: vinod.patil@koltepatil.com 
 
To,  
The Assistant Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, ‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
To,  
The General Manager,  
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: 19 August 2024 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on 09 August 2024 
 
ISIN: Equity: INE094I01018 and Debt: INE094I07049 and INE094I07064 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ 
        BSE Code and Scrip Code - Equity: 9624 and 532924 
        BSE Security Code and Security Name – Debt: 1. 974771 and KPDLZC33;  
  2. 975276 and KPDL221223 
     
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 47(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript of “Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” held on 09 August 2024 at 06.00 PM (IST). 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
VINOD 
EKNATH 
PATIL
Digitally signed by 
VINOD EKNATH PATIL 
Date: 2024.08.19 
17:17:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Savli Mangle from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Savli Mangle: 
Thank you, Yusuf. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the Q1 FY '25 Results Conference Call of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited. We 
have with us Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO; and Ms. Dipti Rajput, Vice 
President, Investor Relations. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that certain statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q1 FY '25 
results presentation that has been shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Ms. Dipti Rajput, to begin proceedings of the call. 
Over to you, Dipti. 
Dipti Rajput: 
Thanks, Savli. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the Operating and Financial Performance of Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited for the first quarter ended 30th June 2024. As you would know, Mr. 
Atul Bohra has taken over the mantel of Group CEO at Kolte-Patil with effect 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
from June 14, 2024. Before joining Kolte-Patil Developers as a Group CEO, 
Mr. Bohra briefly worked in the capacity of Regional Business Head at a 
leading real estate company. He has worked with the Kolte-Patil group in 
different roles across geographies over a period of 2012 to 2023 during which 
he also served as the Group CFO. During his tenure at Kolte-Patil, he 
demonstrated keen business sense, transformative approach, and financial 
expertise. We look forward to his continued success in achieving new 
milestones. I would now like to invite Atul to discuss the operating highlights 
and business outlook. Following his discussion, I will take you through the key 
financial highlights for the quarter. We then look forward to taking your 
questions and suggestions. Over to you, Atul.  
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Dipti. Good evening and a very warm welcome to everyone present 
on this call. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to a 
sustained engagement with all of you. 
Let me begin by sharing with you my views on the real estate environment, 
followed by an overview of key developments of the quarter. 
The Indian economy continues to display remarkable resilience and the 
Reserve Bank of India has estimated real GDP growth for FY25 at 7.2%. The 
recently presented Union Budget emphasizes fiscal consolidation, growth 
inducing capital spending, and social welfare reflecting the government's 
confidence in continued economic growth. Overall, we have seen that the 
residential market has strengthened significantly, with demand reaching 11-
year high in the first half of CY24. A shift towards premium segment is 
evident, with higher-priced homes driving market volumes. We believe, the 
mid and higher-end segments are expected to remain the primary drivers of the 
Indian real estate market in the coming quarters. 
In a rapidly evolving real estate industry, we have been persistent in customer 
centricity with product offerings that enrich their lifestyle. These offering are 
across segments ranging from the mid-priced segment to the premium luxury 
segment. During our three decade journey, the Company has incubated brands 
and created research-backed products that have enhanced the customer’s price-
value proposition.  I am excited to take forward the legacy of redefining-living. 
Along with a very capable team, we are geared up to scale new heights and 
deliver long-term value for our stakeholders.  

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Coming to the performance during the quarter, pre-sales value of Rs. 711 crore 
with sales volumes of 0.96 million square feet improved marginally over the 
same quarter previous year. Sustenance inventory largely contributed to the 
sales for the quarter. Strong execution and timely deliveries resulted in our 
highest ever quarterly collection of Rs. 612 crore, marking a 19% year-on-year 
growth. Our flagship Life Republic project in Pune recorded sales volumes of 
0.46 million square feet in Q1 FY25. 
For the year till date, we have launched projects with saleable area of close to 
2 million square feet translating into GDV potential of about Rs. 1,500 crore. 
This largely includes- 
 
Phase 1 of the R5 sector in Life Republic township. This sector is being 
developed as a luxury segment with the total development potential of 
2 million sq. ft.  
 
Last phase of 24K Altura premium luxury project at Baner 
 
At Wagholi in Pune East zone we have launched project Springshire 
which has the total GDV potential of over Rs. 400 crore.  
I am glad to share that all these projects launched across micro-markets of 
Pune, are receiving strong response from customers. The launch pipeline is 
largely on track and we are confident of launching project with the total GDV 
of Rs. 8,000 crore during the current financial year. Strong offtake of existing 
inventory and encouraging response from newly launched projects, give us 
confidence to meet our FY25 pre-sale guidance of Rs. 3,500 crore. 
On the business development front, we are working towards definitive closure 
on a few deals and should be able to share once we have the final closure. I 
would like to bring to your attention that our project acquisition strategy is 
judicious, with the defined parameters of financial prudence and aligned with 
our diversification goal. Our main objective is to deepen our market presence 
while focusing on capital productivity that strengthens our brand presence. 
Here, I would also like to talk about our revenues and operating margins for 
the quarter, which stood at Rs. 341 crore and 8.2% respectively. For the full 
year, revenues will be in line with the stated guidance and operating margins 
will be in the early teens.   
 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
To conclude, I firmly believe that economic and sectoral optimism will 
continue to drive growth during the course of the year. With a growing project 
development potential, strong Balance Sheet, a validated governance structure, 
and a strong brand connect across geographies, we believe that Kolte-Patil is 
attractively placed to deliver sustainable growth over the coming years.  
With this, I now hand over the call to Dipti to share the financial highlights. 
Dipti Rajput: 
Thank you, Atul. Good evening, everyone. I will now briefly take you through 
our financial performance for the quarter ended 30th June 2024. Based on 
CCM-based accounting, in Q1, we reported revenues of Rs. 341 crores. Q1 
FY25 EBITDA was recorded at Rs. 28 crores. Our net profit after tax post 
minority interest stood at Rs. 6.2 crore. 
Here, we would like to remind you that recognition of revenue and profits are 
dependent on the timing of project completion based on statutory accounting 
guidelines. We ensured the continuity of construction activities at a healthy 
pace. An improved momentum in sales, registrations, construction and CRM 
drove Q1 FY25 collections up 19% YoY to a record Rs. 612 crore. The 
liquidity in our business operations remains strong, resulting in further 
reduction in net debt. Our net debt to equity stands at -0.05x as on June 30, 
2024. Further, the Operating Cash Flow for the quarter stood at Rs. 247 crore. 
Our focus will remain on maintaining sales performance, timely execution and 
deliveries, strengthening the business development efforts, as indicated by Atul 
earlier, which will continue to drive overall performance of the Company. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
My question is with respect to this quarter number. So I mean, last time also 
we had some legacy project delivery issues, and because of that margin got 
impacted. So in this quarter also, we had some delivery from legacy projects 
where the margins are lower? Or it is something normal quarterly 
phenomenon? 
Atul Bohra: 
This quarter, we have slightly improved EBITDA margin of 8.2%. And as you 
have seen like last 2 years, the APR has marginally improved on most of our 
projects. And with those recognition coming up to the P&L, we are confident 
that this year, we will match our margins to the guidance. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And secondly, in terms of launch, in first quarter, we have done close to 
2 million square feet in terms of volume. And we are targeting Rs. 8,000 crores 
revenue potential for the full year. So Mumbai project, I mean, we have not 
launched any big project after Goregaon. So how confident that whatever target 
we have for 1.5 million and which will have a revenue potential of Rs. 2,600 
crores as per PPT. So how confident that all these projects will be launched? 
Atul Bohra: 
So as you rightly said that the first quarter, we already have 2 million square 
feet, which has launched with the GDV potential of Rs. 1,500 crores. This year, 
we have a strong target and strong pipeline of launches of Rs. 8,000 crores. 
Particularly as your questions is towards Mumbai side, we have planned for 
mostly Q4, we have the Mumbai launches, which is at Jal Mangal Deep at 
Goregaon, Jal Nidhi at Goregaon, then Nand Dham at Dahisar, Vishwakarma, 
which is at Mulund, project with 6.1 lakh square feet and GDV potential of Rs. 
900 crores. So I think more or less, these are all under the approval phases. 
And looking at the current scenario, we are pretty confident that by year-end 
or quarter 4, we will launch most of the Mumbai projects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hemanth Agarwal from Leo 
Capital. 
Hemanth Agarwal: 
Yes. So my question was, is there any change in the strategy with the new 
management team? And with regard to society redevelopment projects or type 
of projects like luxury versus mass market and also on the financing structure. 
Is there any change with respect to these at the company level? 
Atul Bohra: 
So in redevelopment space, as you are aware, like we have already delivered 3 
projects and other 5 projects are under the ongoing pipeline and in the final 
league of completion as well. And with another 6 projects which we have 
concluded and in the phase of launches, the upcoming acquisition strategy 
towards redevelopment is more or less focusing on the larger scale because the 
team is quite confident, we have established a strong team to take care of 
redevelopment vertical, and we are pretty confident on this segment. 
Hemanth Agarwal: 
Okay. Got it. And my next question was like the 2 million square feet of Rs. 
1,500 crores worth of inventory that was launched last quarter. How much of 
the presales has the company collected from these? 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Atul Bohra: 
So these launches has got tremendous success. But yes, at the right time, we 
will announce those numbers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So first question is, again, on business development. So our Rs. 8,000 crore 
guidance. How much visibility do we have or the confidence in terms of 
signing up these projects this year itself? Like all Rs. 8,000 crores, are currently 
under discussion. And just in the last stage where probably we are just waiting 
to announce that? Or we will still look to gather some of that in terms of 
pipeline and evaluate over the course of the year? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thanks, Pritesh. Very important question, because in real estate, the business 
development until the final definitive agreement happens, it will be too early 
to announce. But yes, as a pipeline, what the BD pipeline we had and the term 
sheet we signed a few deals, what we see has reached to the advanced stage 
and considering all those - for Rs. 8,000 crores we are pretty confident that we 
will meet these BD guidelines. 
 
And at the same time, we are not too fussy, like, okay, we want to be in this 
region or that region. We always believe that whichever gets closed faster and 
our, always, thrust is on the location. We never compromise on the location. 
At the same time, we always go with the clear title and prudent financial 
feasibility. And with all these things, I'm confident that Rs. 8,000 crore 
number, we will achieve for this financial year. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. That's helpful. And second, we had some Rs. 140-odd crores of land 
spend this quarter. Is it all related to whatever you have in the pipeline? Or we 
have also paid something in advance for certain projects that we are looking to 
tie up once DA is signed? 
Atul Bohra: 
So a few of these advances are paid towards obtaining the approvals in TDR 
and a couple of payments is towards our commitment towards the existing land 
bank. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So just wanted to understand what was the contribution of new sales for the 
quarter? Or how much of whatever we launch Rs. 1,500-odd crores, how much 
was the contribution? 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. So for the quarter 1, it is mainly from the sustenance sale. As I said that 
this quarter 2, we have launch of R5 and Wagholi and Altura - 3 projects. Like 
that, for every quarter, we have certain pipeline. So you will see contribution 
from the new launches from the next quarter onward. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, my question is, I mean, in the slide, where we are showing that FY '25, you 
launched 2.09 million square feet or Rs. 1,500-odd crores worth of inventory. 
So is it towards the second quarter that you've launched towards July, August? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, this is towards second quarter, yes, Rs. 1,500 crores, this is towards 
quarter 2. So it is mentioning till date. So that has happened in quarter 2. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Sure. And second question is just to, I mean, highlight, reiterate our 
numbers or guidance. Can you just highlight or reiterate the guidance that you 
have given in terms of how we look at the P&L from the revenue and EBITDA 
perspective for this year and next year also, that would be helpful? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think for that also, we had given guidance of P&L. For the full financial year, 
we foresee at Rs. 1,800 crores to Rs. 1,900 crores, and EBITDA margin in the 
early teens. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just first, I just wanted to understand, I mean, Rs. 13,500 crores of presales 
we are targeting over the next 3 years. So generally, what is the embedded 
EBITDA margin or embedded PAT margin that is inherent in those presales? 
Atul Bohra: 
So most of these Rs. 13,500 crores of the project, we always see a visibility of 
the project, almost 60%, 70% of the visibility we have from our approved land 
bank and upcoming launches. With the embedded margin, as your question 
like it is too early to comment because it comes from a different segment, but 
we target somewhere around 18% to 20% of the margins. 
Deepak Poddar: 
EBITDA level? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And at the PAT level? 
Atul Bohra: 
At PAT level around 10%, 11%. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
At the PAT level around 10% to 11%. So how does this translation happen to 
your P&L? I mean, although I understand there might be some lag or 
incremental cost that comes from your new launches? But this transmission 
from the embedded EBITDA PAT to your reported EBITDA and PAT. So 
there is always a lag, right, in terms of your reported, you always lag behind 
because of the nature of the business. 
Atul Bohra: 
Not the correct way of looking at it because for every quarter once we scale up 
our revenue. I think this number will be realigned properly. At present, because 
there are certain fixed overhead cost and the employee cost and the marketing 
costs, which sits in your P&L. And in any quarter, if the revenue doesn't get 
recognized to the tune of that, so at present, we don’t see any margin pressure 
on margin as a concern for us because of whatever projects we have. 
 
As I said that, we have a prudent financial control and the financial mechanism 
we have established, and we always looked at the margin at a GP level, about 
27% - 28%. And when it incorporate into P&L, it all depend on in what phases 
it's recognized. So still at a full financial year for upcoming financial year, we 
are pretty confident that we will meet our guidance of the. 
Deepak Poddar: 
'26, when we say we will do about what we have earlier said about Rs. 3,000 
crores of revenue recognition, right? 
Atul Bohra: 
I think these questions may be, offline, Dipti can handle with you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhruvesh Sanghvi from Prospero Tree. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Sir, just to understand, because there has been 3 to 4 change in the last 15 years 
in the management. And generally, in the real estate companies, we have found 
promoters to come out and speak and that has not been the case in Kolte. And 
just to try and understand what are the roles of management and promoter? 
And what is the participation of the promoter? Is it only up to the land 
identification stage? If you can throw some light that will probably give us 
extended confidence in terms of what is going on? And then I have 1 more 
follow-up question. 
Atul Bohra: 
So Kolte-Patil with a 30 years of old legacy, the promoter and the Board always 
been guiding and governing the professionals driving. So Mr. Rajesh Patil, who 
is CMD guiding on the strategic level. Mr. Yash Patil, who is at a group 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
strategy and operation level; Mr. Nirmal Kolte, who takes care of 24K brand, 
Mr. Virag Kolte, who is leading on the Life Republic vertical. I think there is 
an active participation as well as there is right amount of delegations to the 
professional to drive the business on the operational level as well as driving 
the growth. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Sure, sir. And then how does the coordination happen in terms of, let's say, a 
land or a project is being discussed. Do we have to go back to the Board for 
the final approval? Or is it like Atul ji will just broadly, I mean, take a call that 
this is a done deal and it's a fantastic project and here are the timelines and the 
launch dates, and this is the amount required and sanctioned from the Board. 
Atul Bohra: 
I think based on the vision and the broader level plan we  always go and obtain 
the Board's approval since these are substantial transactions. But yes, at the 
strategic level, the Board always approve the transaction. But at commercial 
level or maybe from the operational angle, the CXO's team or maybe the 
professional teams takes care. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investments. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Atul, I have just two broader question. First is, I mean; to understand you 
narrated us there is stave in the industry, we have an established brand value 
also as well as management capability of delivery. But I find some disconnect 
vis-a-vis industry, if you look at this, we are talking of launching Rs. 8,000 
crores of project, including some previous year spillover also, but booking 
guidance at a presales levels is not even 50%, despite having an inventory also. 
So I just want to get some understanding given the disconnect, I mean, either 
we are too conservative in giving the guidance, what kind of environment, I 
mean, do you face? 
Atul Bohra: 
So guidance is pretty much defined Rs. 3,500 crores, which is 25% annual 
year-on-year growth. At the same time, these launches, all launches are not 
coming in quarter 1 or quarter 2, it is spread across the financial year. So it 
never happened that the entire launches we target to sell in 1 financial year 
because the project gets settled and the pricing appreciations happen only once 
you show the confidence to the customer. 
 
So the target is to Rs. 8,000 crore launches, pre-sales of Rs. 3,500 crore for 
FY25, Rs. 13,500 crore sales guidance for FY25 to FY27. What we are 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
launching is not just a story for this year, but we always keep it for an inventory 
for upcoming financial year. So it cannot be the last mile inventory we can only 
launch. 
Bharat Sheth: 
This we can understand. But I mean, for 3 years, I mean, guidance also having 
GDV value of Rs. 25,000 crores. Don't you think when there is a good time in 
the industry is it too conservative or we are not really confident of achieving 
that? 
Atul Bohra: 
No. So I think more or less, those projects are bigger volume projects, cannot 
be launched at one go. So we always go with a strategic thought of launching 
this into different phases. I think like Rs. 8,000 crores when we are targeting 
this financial year, it is always with the guidance of how much we can absorb 
and how much we can sustain on the operations side. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Atul, in the past, I mean, we have done a lot of structure deal, which has also 
affected profitability, I mean, on reported number because the interest costs we 
have to recognize without recognizing the revenue. So what is your sense? I 
mean, going ahead on the structure when we are having such a good Balance 
Sheet? 
Atul Bohra: 
No, the structured deal is mainly for the growth capital. And rather than 
focusing completely on the debt, it gives a very good amount of balance to 
grow your business as well as to maintain the profitability and the costing 
control. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So just on the presales again, so it has been like almost 7 quarters since we 
have sustained this Rs. 700 crores plus/minus kind of run rate. With these 
launches ramping up now from second quarter onwards, do you think we can 
breach this run rate in coming quarters, from second quarter itself? Or we will 
still have to wait another quarter to scale up on that sense? 
Atul Bohra: 
So we will scale up definitely quarter 3 onwards because this is more festive 
seasons and where the sales are higher. So we are pretty confident that the 
guidance we will meet. And usually, the sales number get distributed equally. 
But yes, the launches are on time and definitely some dependency on the 
approval. But still that also, we are confident of launching on this Rs. 8,000 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
crore of inventory. And you will definitely see an uplift in the sales volume 
and the values. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. So just to clarify, you said scale up will happen from Q3 and Q2 might 
still be a similar run rate? 
Atul Bohra: 
No, it will be definitely on the higher side. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay. And just on the launches, the Rs. 8,000 crores. So is it that all of that 
will get launched this year itself? Or some of them will have certain phases 
which will come next year, and hence, this Rs. 8,000 crores might not be the 
effective number, but probably it would be Rs. 6,000 crores, Rs. 7,000 crores 
this year and rest next -- carry forward to next year? 
Atul Bohra: 
Good questions. We are constantly working on launching in this financial year 
itself. But as I said, there are a few dependency on the approvals and all. So 
maybe it's too early to comment. But yes, the target is to launch entire Rs. 8,000 
crores in this financial year, maybe spread across different quarters. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. So all of the phases? 
Atul Bohra: 
So when we launch, we always launch on the phases wise itself.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from Buglerock PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: So my question was in redevelopment projects. where does it take more time, 
let's say, this Jal Nidhi and all those in Goregaon, has been following it for 1 
more year or for last 1 year. And still, we think it will happen in by Q4. But 
what pace once the deal is done, the time it takes? And anything we can do on 
reducing the time between finalization of the BD and the launch of the project? 
Atul Bohra: 
So sir, there are a lot of dependencies in between after acquisitions till the 
launches. And we are definitely working towards shortening those timeline but 
yes, in a few instances, the timeline goes beyond control, maybe 1 or 2 
incidents. But yes, this year, we already have that in pipeline. Sometimes it 
delays in design. Sometimes the approvals get delayed, like recently after the 
elections and all, few approvals already got delayed. But yes, more, or less now 
what we are targeting in the Q4, it will come. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: No, I take your point. But my question was just to understand the landscape of 
it, how much time it takes for the approval or let's say, the finalization to 
launch? Is there any. 
Atul Bohra: 
Like in initial stages of design finalization, it needs consent of the members as 
well and then the approval process started. But typically, this phase is in the 
range of 12 to 15 months. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus 
Securities. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So just on the launch, I wanted to understand how are we placed as far as our 
Mumbai launches are concerned. So specifically, the bigger size like 
Vishwakarmanagar and Vashi. So how confident are we on launching those? 
Are the approvals in place? At which stage are we? 
Atul Bohra: 
So Vishwakarma, we are confident that quarter 4, we have already targeted the 
launch or maybe it is in our pipeline of launch for targeted at quarter 4. And 
vis-a-vis for Vashi, we have quarter 3 as our internal timeline for launch. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And second, in case, I mean, can I ask a question? So just in the previous 
participant, you highlighted that the PAT margin targeted are closer to 10%. 
And we are indicating closer to mid-teens EBITDA margins. So even if I get 
the higher end of the margin, and even if I take interest and tax, probably we 
are trying to understand or reconcile between the EBITDA to PAT, how should 
one look at it? 
Atul Bohra: 
So I already answered that. It can be handled offline along with Dipti. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for the day. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Bohra for the closing 
comments. 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach to 
Dipti Rajput at Kolte-Patil Developers Ltd. Look forward to interacting with 
you next quarter. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
