 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
Regd. Office : Fortis Hospital, Sector 62, Phase – VIII, Mohali – 160062 
Tel : 0172-5096001, Fax : 0172-5096221, CIN : L85110PB1996PLC045933 
Fortis Healthcare Limited  
Tower-A, Unitech Business Park, Block-F, 
South City 1, Sector – 41, Gurgaon, 
Haryana – 122 001 (India) 
Tel  
 
: 0124 492 1033 
Fax 
 
: 0124 492 1041 
Emergency 
: 105010 
Email 
 
: secretarial@fortishealthcare.com 
Website 
: www.fortishealthcare.com 
 
August 12, 2024 
FHL/SEC/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.         
Scrip Symbol: FORTIS 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code:532843 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors / Analysts’ meet under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Investors / Analysts’ meet held on August 7, 2024 to discuss 
the Company’s Un-Audited Financial Results for the quarter and period ended on June 30, 2024 and 
same is available on the Website of the Company at below hyperlink: 
 
Transcript 
 
The date and time of occurrence of event is August 7, 2024 at 1200 hours. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Satyendra Chauhan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
ICSI Membership: A14783 
 
Encl.: a/a 
SATYENDRA 
CHAUHAN
Digitally signed by 
SATYENDRA CHAUHAN 
Date: 2024.08.12 
11:23:39 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Fortis Healthcare Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
DR. ASHUTOSH RAGHUVANSHI -- MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, FORTIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK GOYAL -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, FORTIS 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. ANAND K. – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AGILUS 
DIAGNOSTICS 
MR. MANGESH SHIRODKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
AGILUS DIAGNOSTICS 
MR. ANURAG KALRA -- SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS, FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. AMIT MAHENDRU -- INVESTOR RELATIONS, FORTIS 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY '25 Post-results Conference Call of 
Fortis Healthcare Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”and then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anurag Kalra – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 
at Fortis Healthcare Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you very much. A very good morning and good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and 
welcome to Fortis Healthcare's Quarter 1 FY '25 Earnings Call. 
The call is being chaired by our MD and CEO – Dr. Ashutosh Raghuvanshi. With him, we have 
our Chief Financial Officer – Mr. Vivek Goyal. From the Agilus side, we have Mr. Anand – the 
CEO; and Mr. Mangesh Shirodkar – the Chief Financial Officer. 
We will start with some Opening Comments by Dr. Raghuvanshi on the Results and the Business 
Performance, followed by which Anand will take you through some of the Key Highlights of 
the Diagnostics Business, and then we can open the floor for question and answers. 
Over to Dr. Raghuvanshi. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Thank you, Anurag. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope everyone is doing 
well, and you have taken time to join us on our Q1 Financial Year ‘25 Earnings Call today. 
I will dive right into the quarterly results and share my thoughts on the Business Performance 
and our path forward. 
Our performance in Q1 Financial Year ‘25 has been impressive, showing a significant 
improvement over the previous year. In fact, this achievement has been driven by strong 
performance of our hospital business. We reported a consolidated top line figure of Rs. 1,859 
crores, a growth of 12.2% over Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. Noticeably, our hospital business 
revenues have grown 14.4% to Rs. 1,549 crores, while the Diagnostics business revenues stayed 
on par with previous year at Rs. 343 crores. 
Our consolidated operating EBITDA saw an uptick of 25.5%, reaching Rs. 343 crores, yielding 
a margin of 18.4% versus 16.5% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. The Hospital business operating 
EBITDA was Rs. 287 crores, resulting in improvement in margins by a strong 330 basis points 
from 15.2% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24 to 18.5% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘25. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
The Hospital business EBITDA now accounts for 84% of total consolidated EBITDA, up from 
75% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24, indicating strong profitable growth in this segment. In 8 of our 
facilities, we have recorded operating EBITDA margin above 20% during the 1st Quarter. These 
8 facilities contributed 69% of the hospital revenue compared to 62% in Financial Year ‘24. 
Operating EBITDA margin in the Diagnostics business basis gross revenues were at 16.1% vis-
a-vis 19.4% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. The operating margins were 18.7% after factoring the 
impact of one-offs related primarily to the rebranding exercise undertaken by Agilus for the 
brand change and the provisions pertaining to certain government business. On a like-for-like 
basis, the adjusted operating margins were 20.8% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24 and 15.9% in Q4 
of Financial Year ‘24.  
Our consolidated reported profit after tax for the quarter increased 40.4% to Rs. 174 crores. 
Coming to the balance sheet side, we remain quite healthy with a net debt-to-EBITDA of 0.22x 
as on June 30, 2024, as against 0.35x on June 30, 2023 (basis Q1 annualized EBITDA). Our net 
debt stands at Rs. 308 crores as on June 30, 2024.  
Generally, Q1 is a relatively softer quarter, however, our hospital occupancy improved to 67% 
compared to 64% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. This translated into occupied beds increasing by 
4.6% to 2,715 compared to 2,595 in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. 
Our Hospital Business saw a 9.7% increase in ARPOB, reaching Rs. 2.41 crores per annum. 
This growth was largely fueled by revenue gains in our key specialty areas: oncology, Neuro 
Sciences, Cardiac Sciences, Orthopedics, Gastroenterology, and Renal Sciences. Collectively, 
these specialties achieved a 15.7% year-on-year growth and contributed 63% of the total hospital 
revenues, which is on the similar lines as Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. Specifically, growth in Neuro 
Sciences at 23% and Oncology at 22% was quite encouraging. This is also reflected in the 
number of procedures performed in Neuro Sciences that reported a growth of 23% compared to 
the corresponding previous period, while the number of robotic surgeries performed increased 
by a strong 59% compared to Q1 of Financial Year ‘24.  
Our revenues from medical travel grew 11% compared to Quarter 1 of Financial Year ‘24 to 
reach Rs. 127 crores. Revenue contribution of international business stood at approximately 8% 
in Q1 of Financial Year ‘25, similar to Q1 of Financial Year ‘24.  
Most of our key facilities performed well during the quarter with revenues from Mulund, 
Anandpur, BG Road, Shalimar Bagh, and Amritsar, each growing in excess of 20% compared 
to the corresponding previous period. During the quarter, we further strengthened our medical 
talent with onboarding of specialists in the area of Cardiac Sciences, Neurology, Orthopedics, 
Obstetrics and Gynecology, and Ophthalmology.  

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
I am excited to share that our commitment towards augmenting our medical programs has made 
notable strides in advancing our strategic growth initiatives, marked by brownfield bed 
expansion and continuous investment in the state-of-the-art medical equipment. Recently, Fortis 
Nagarbhavi, Bengaluru, that was previously a 50-bedded facility, expanded to 80-bed multi-
specialty tertiary care facility in a significant upgrade that included introduction of 24/7 
emergency and trauma care, ICU and Critical Care, Heart & Vascular Centre and Fortis Cancer 
Institute. I am pleased to announce that FMRI Gurgaon introduced South Asia's first Gamma 
Knife Esprit radiosurgery equipment for neurosurgical treatment that employs non-surgical 
computer-guided precision to target brain tumors, both malignant and benign.  
We are progressing well on our brownfield expansion planned for this year, and we will be 
adding capacities across our key facilities, including Faridabad, Anandpur, Shalimar Bagh and 
Noida. In addition, we expect the 350-bed Manesar facility that we acquired in Financial Year 
‘24 to be operational in the ongoing quarter. 
I would like to touch upon our continued efforts and the resulting success of our digitization 
efforts as well. We have successfully implemented Electronic Medical Records for OP modules 
across 6 of our units now while the application development for IP module is underway. 
Revenues from digital channels continue to demonstrate robust growth. Revenues from website, 
mobile applications, and digital campaigns witnessed a 52% year-over-year growth and 17% 
quarter-on-quarter growth in Q1 of Financial Year ‘25. Revenues from digital channels 
contributed almost 30% to overall hospital revenues versus 23% in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24. 
On our diagnostics side, the business reported gross revenues of Rs. 343.5 crores versus Rs. 
342.7 crores in Q1 of Financial Year ‘24, and Rs. 338.4 crores in Q4 of Financial Year ‘24. Our 
operating EBITDA margins (basis gross revenues) were at 16.1% compared to 19.4% in Q1 of 
Financial Year ‘24. Operating EBITDA margins (basis gross revenues) in Q1 Financial Year ‘25 
were better than the trailing quarter margins of 14%, primarily driven by cost optimization 
initiatives including, amongst others, improved network efficiency and reduction in manpower 
cost.  
Continuing with our network expansion strategy, primarily the addition of new customer touch 
points (CTPs), total CTPs as on 30th June '24 stood at 4,055. The preventive portfolio revenue 
in Agilus’ overall revenues grew 13% in Q1 Financial Year ‘25 and contributed 12% to the 
operating revenues versus 10% in the Q1 of Financial Year ‘24.  
The Diagnostics business performance is still adjusting to the impact of Agilus rebranding 
exercise, which involved extensive rebranding efforts and associated marketing costs. 
Additionally, certain provisions related to government business have also affected its 
performance.  
That said, I am confident in Agilus' potential to scale up both in terms of its revenue and margins 
based on its considerable network presence, a balanced B2C, B2B mix, and the increased focus 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
on preventive care and specialized testing. To also add, I do believe that the Agilus brand is 
being well accepted and gaining recognition. This would place the company in a better position 
to further scale our performance. 
With this, I will conclude my comments. I think it's been a healthy start for the fiscal year 2025. 
We are making significant progress on the growth at all possible fronts. We will also continue 
to explore and assess various growth opportunities that align with our cluster strategy and offer 
promising synergies. I believe these initiatives will further enhance our growth potential and 
strengthen our position in the health care sector. 
Thank you, and I will hand over to Mr. Anand for his comments on the diagnostics business 
now. 
Anand K.: 
Thank you, Dr. Raghuvanshi. A very good morning and good afternoon to everyone on the call. 
Thank you for joining us today. On behalf of Agilus Diagnostics, I warmly welcome you all to 
our Q1 FY '25 Results Conference Call. 
Agilus Diagnostics reported a revenue of Rs. 343.5 crores in Q1 of FY '25 compared to Rs. 342.7 
crores in Q1 of FY '24. Q4 of FY '24 revenue stood at Rs. 338.4 crores. During this quarter, 
Agilus conducted 9.92 million tests compared to 9.95 million tests in Q1 of FY '24, and 9.61 
million tests in Q4 of FY '24. Operating EBITDA for the quarter stands at Rs. 55 crores 
compared to Rs. 66 crores in Q1 of FY '24 (16.1% versus 19.4% EBITDA margin), and Rs. 47 
crores in Q4 of FY '24. Operating EBITDA before one-off expenses is Rs. 64 crores compared 
to Rs. 71 crores in Q1 of FY '24 (18.7% versus 20.8% EBITDA margin), and Rs. 54 crores in 
Q4 of FY '24 (15.9% margin). During the quarter, we incurred onetime expenses of around Rs. 
9 crores, primarily in relation to Agilus' rebranding and the provisioning pertaining to certain 
government contracts.  
Our average realization per test for Q1 of FY '25 is Rs. 340 and per patient revenue is Rs. 845. 
The business continues to benefit from a well-diversified geographical mix with no 
overdependence on any particular region, allowing us to capitalize on our pan-India network 
optimally. 
Regional revenue contributions are 32% for North, 21% from West, 30% from South and 14% 
from East, and 3% from international markets. Our B2C:B2B ratio is currently at 54:46. Our 
wellness portfolio increased by 13% in Q1 of FY '25 compared to Q1 of FY '24, and 3% 
compared to Q4 of FY '24. Our genomics portfolio also showed strong growth in Q1 of FY '25 
with 12% growth compared to the previous year and 13% growth compared to the previous 
quarter. From a product standpoint, revenue contributions of 34% from specialized testing, 54% 
from routine tests, and 12% from our wellness portfolio. During this quarter, we expanded our 
network by adding over 185 new centers and 3 hospital labs. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Post a successful brand transition in the previous year, we are sustaining our brand awareness 
campaigns through digital platforms and various other ATL models. We aim to enhance our 
range within the medical community through a range of initiatives, including continuing medical 
education programs, sponsored events, in-clinic visual merchandise and scientific literature. 
Continuing our partnership with the Indian Olympic Association, Agilus Diagnostics is the 
official lab partner for the ongoing Paris Olympics 2024. On the clinical side, we continue to 
invest in new tests and technologies with a special focus on genomics. We are witnessing 
consistent healthy growth in this segment, and one of our goals is to continually build on this 
portfolio. As an organization, we are consolidating to boost efficiency, strategically focusing on 
key cities to establish leadership, and enhancing the customer experience to build loyalty to the 
new brand. 
Thank you, and over to you, Anurag. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you, Anand. Ladies and gentlemen, we shall now open the floor for questions and 
answers. May I request the moderator to begin, please? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Hardik Doshi from White Whale Partners. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Doshi: 
If I see your presentation, our overall occupancy on a sequential basis has improved from 66% 
to 67%. Our ARPOB also on a sequential basis has improved quite healthily. But even then, 
when I look at the operating EBITDA margin, we are down from 22.4% to 18.5%. I understand 
there were some one-offs in Q4, but even adjusted for that, I think Q4 margins were 21%. It's 
still a pretty meaningful decline. So, any kind of one-offs in Q1 or any investments that we 
made? What was the reason for this dip in margins? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. If I can take this question. Vivek this side. Yes, you are absolutely right, there are certain 
one-offs in the quarter 4. And if you adjust that one-off, it is around 21% EBITDA margin. So, 
there are a couple of reasons for drop in the EBITDA margin. One is, of course, there is certain 
one-off in the current quarter also. So, there is around 0.5% EBITDA improvement, I am talking 
Hospital business alone, which 0.5% cost has been absorbed in this 18.5%, which is 
nonoperational in nature. One of the costs is we have to increase the price capital for converting 
some of our debt in one of our subsidiary companies. Then there is certain GST-related liability 
on some corporate guarantee earlier company has given. And there is a higher provision for bad 
and doubtful debt because of the lower collection in this 1st Quarter. Typically, 1st Quarter, the 
collection is lower and as a result the provision for bad and doubtful debt goes up. So, this takes 
care of 0.6% of the EBITDA margin thing. So, the balance 2% EBITDA margin drop is 
attributed mainly to the specialty mix. In this quarter, as Dr. Raghuvanshi mentioned earlier, we 
did a higher share of ortho and onco, and the surgical mix has also gone up, where the gross 
contribution margin is lower and the doctor share is generally on the higher side. So, these are 
the main reason for the EBITDA drop. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Hardik Doshi: 
So, then how does this kind of change your outlook for the full year margin that you have guided 
to? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, 1st Quarter, we have targeted around 19% EBITDA margin, and we are around that level. 
So, we are well on track for our EBITDA margin improvement guidance, which we have given 
earlier. 
Hardik Doshi: 
The second question, if I look at your hospital margin metrics for full year FY '24, I think there 
were 5 hospitals that were less than 10% margin, which account 28% of revenues, but now that 
is 7 hospitals now accounting for 17.5%. So, which were these 2 kind of facilities where margins 
might have kind of fallen? And again, is this transitory? Or I mean, are there any issues that 
you're facing here? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, one is, of course, the FEHI Hospital, where this quarter the EBITDA margin is lower than 
the previous quarter, and that has fallen to the lower category. And another hospital which is in 
this category actually is CH Road, which is a smaller hospital in Bangalore. And there, again, 
because these are mainly heart-related institutes. And the 1st Quarters generally include the 
increment-related cost and this hospital unable to pass on those costs in terms of price increase. 
And that is the reason the EBITDA margin is lower in these 2 hospitals. But we are taking other 
initiatives through which we will be able to bounce both these hospitals back. Other hospitals 
have performed relatively okay. 
Hardik Doshi: 
And then just moving on to Agilus. I think we had gotten an extension from our private equity 
players, where maybe I think August was the deadline to kind of come up with some resolution 
or they have the put option. Any update in terms of the IPO plans or sale or anything to provide 
an update there? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, you are right, there was a deadline type of date of 13th August. So, we have already 
started the process of going ahead as per agreement, because IPO process is not looking like we 
will be able to start immediately. And in that backdrop, we have appointed 1 valuer for doing 
the put option valuation as per the agreement, and we got the valuation now. And I think we are 
at the final stage of getting maybe notice from the private equity investors for exercising the put. 
So, we are at that juncture at present. 
Hardik Doshi: 
And so then if you have gotten the input from the valuer, I mean, what would be the cash that 
we'd have to shell out to buy out the stake? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, valuation of 31% stake of private equity is coming around Rs. 1,780 crores as per this 
independent valuer. So, we have committed the facilities available to fund this type of accretion. 
So, from the funding perspective, it will not be a challenge. From the leverage perspective also, 
we are still in a very comfortable position. Our debt/EBITDA will be around 1.5x post taking 
this additional debt for this put option. And we will continue to do our CAPEX as per our original 
plan, and we will continue to look for new accretion opportunities as per our original plan. So, 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
this will not hamper our growth prospects in the Hospital business. This put option, we feel this 
may be the right approach right now to acquire the stake and then work on Agilus to improve 
the profitability of Agilus and look at the other alternative for Agilus maybe at a future point of 
time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, what would be the timeline for completion of the acquisition of the PVP stake in Agilus? 
Would this be done this year? Or this could require some approvals, etc.? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, Neha, the timeline, as I mentioned, is by 13th August, we are expecting put option 
notice from the PE investor. Post serving of the notice, there is a 65 days’ time to purchase 
condition. So, during this period, we will be seeking shareholder approval, because we may be 
raising debt in the form of FPI, which is listed debt. So, there will be requirement to take the 
shareholder approval for that. And plus, some sort of SPA we have to enter with the private 
equity investor, share purchase agreement basically. So, for that also, we will be requiring 
shareholders’ approval. We are checking with our lawyer. There may be requirement of CCI 
approval also for acquiring this stake. So, that we will be taking. So, all those formalities need 
to be completed within this 60-day period. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And the remaining stake in Agilus, what about that? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, there is no immediate plan for that remaining stake. The other shareholder will remain like 
minority shareholder there. We will hold around 88% plus shareholding in Agilus post this 
acquisition. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And just continuing on Agilus. I know we have been commenting on growth trends improving, 
but we aren't really seeing anything or at least on the volume side in terms of growth coming 
back. What gives us the confidence of growth? When should we start seeing that in numbers? 
And what are our internal guidelines when we think about revenue growth of this business? 
Historically, we have indicated in line with the industry, but when do we eventually get there? 
Anand K.: 
So, Neha, this is Anand here. So, after the brand transition, we have seen some degrowth, so to 
say, in some segments, especially those segments that are directly related to the customer 
revenues in the B2C segment. So, those segments, we are now catching up after we have started 
spending on the brand, and we have started doing the process of rebranding from the middle of 
previous year. So, from that time, we have seen whatever degrowth we had in those segments, 
they are all coming back to normal. So, we are expecting that through this year, we will be able 
to consolidate and get back on track in terms of our growth expectations. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sorry, sir, I missed the last part. You said consolidate this year and? 
Anand K.: 
And we expect to be back on track in terms of growth expectations. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Neha Manpuria: 
So, probably get to industry growth next year? 
Anand K.: 
Yes. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And last on the high court litigation. I think we had the hearing last month. Any incremental 
update post the hearing? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. No, the hearing, I think, has been completed as far as the bank, Fortis, etc., are concerned. 
We believe that the next hearing is due where the Religare would be heard. That, in our belief, 
is the last party to be heard. So, I would say that it appears that at least the hearings are likely to 
conclude very soon. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amey from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
So, I have first question on the Agilus. So, there has been underperformance in this segment for 
the last few quarters. So, is this underperformance across the region? Or do you see any specific 
region where the decline has been substantial, which is dragging down the overall performance? 
Anand K.: 
See, we did the brand change around end of 1st Quarter last year. So, the maximum impact will 
be seen in this particular quarter. But as we saw that the trailing quarters, the Q2, Q3 and Q4 of 
last year also were impacted by the brand change, and we were seeing some drop in the business. 
And as I told earlier, the drop has been primarily on the B2C side of the business, which is 
directly impacted by the brand change. And those segments, we are now getting them back on 
track since we have started spending more on the brand and so creating more brand awareness 
through various activities. So, that's how we are bringing it back on track. 
Amey Chalke: 
When we see the B2C business, I believe it will be still a prescription generation for the 
diagnostic tests will be still through doctors, right? So, it is basically the doctors who might not 
be aware about the new brand name basically. So, the activity would be basically our sales force 
going to the doctors and making them aware, right, about the new brand. Is it how it will work? 
Or what else would we need to understand on this? 
Anand K.: 
So, in our B2C business, about 60% is driven by doctors, 40% is driven by self-prescription. So, 
the patients come by themselves. So, the prescription part is not difficult, because all the doctors 
are now aware of this change and that is not an issue. The issue is more about patients who are 
walking into our centers. So, as you know, mostly these diagnostic spends are out-of-pocket, 
and even though the doctors direct them, mostly the patients have their own choice as well in 
terms of where they go. So, that's where we have been impacted to some extent in that business. 
So, that we are bringing it back online. 
Amey Chalke: 
So, second question I have in the hospitals, where we are seeing a good sequential growth for 
FMRI and Mohali. If you can highlight what are the drivers for growth for these 2 hospitals and 
outlook for these 2 hospitals for the full year. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, there was growth in these hospitals. Mohali, we have added around 30 beds last year. So, 
those beds, we were able to fill, and there is some growth in this ortho business also there. So, 
their occupancy level has gone up basically with the enhanced bed capacity. And in FMRI 
actually, we are full in terms of occupancy. We are operating at 75% plus occupancy in FMRI. 
And we have added certain new clinical talent, especially in onco and cardiac side. So, that has 
led to filling up the beds faster. So, this hospital is now operating at 75% plus occupancy level, 
and we are trying to expedite our expansion program to the extent possible, so that we may 
accommodate more patients there. So, these are the 2 main reasons for higher profitability in 
this. 
Amey Chalke: 
So, Mohali might see continuous increase basically. But FMRI, till the expansion, the increase 
would be driven by largely the case mix and the price rise basically. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes, there are 2 phases of expansion in FMRI, which is one is the brownfield expansion, which 
we have been talking about for quite some time. So, there, the physical construction is actually 
happening and the civil part should be over by the end of this year. And then in the next 6 months, 
we should commission those beds. So, obviously, that will give the major flip. But in the interim, 
within the existing structure, we are adding few beds. So, we will be getting about 21 beds in 
the interim, which we should hopefully get by the month of November. So, that would be another 
kicker as well. 
Amey Chalke: 
And the last question I have is in general. Basically, when the hospital chain is as large as Fortis 
with more than 25 hospitals in the portfolio, there will be some or other assets where the patient 
dissatisfaction can increase because of several issues like the pricing or things not going well. 
So, how does the management at the top would be keeping aware of these things? And what 
steps one can take to correct the recourse in such facilities? And in terms of our experience, have 
we experienced such things? And what steps we have taken and how has been the outcome? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. Like any other consumer industry which is spread across multiple locations, service 
industry, we would definitely be having the situations where there would be either complaints 
in the service or there could be issues regarding the billing, etc., as you mentioned. So, we have 
a very robust system in place. There are 2 things which we monitor, which is the NPS, which 
we monitor on a regular basis, which is given by the patients once they are discharged from the 
hospital. That gives us a general pulse of what is happening around the network. But we also 
have an internal system of monitoring events wherever there is any grievance in a hospital, etc.. 
And there are many times when the patients directly connect with the corporate patient 
experience team and sometimes directly with our features, including me. So, that's how it gets 
addressed. So, there is a mechanism at the unit level, and then there is a mechanism at the 
corporate level to deal with these kind of issues and problems so that we can address them with 
some speed. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Amey Chalke: 
And how did we benchmark set in terms of every operational aspect of the hospital, let's say, 
cleaning or, let's say, outcome of some cases, etc.. Are there any benchmarks set so that the 
service is at par across the hospitals, basically? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So, as far as clinical governance is concerned, we have a very robust mechanism. Every 
hospital is NABH accredited. And because of that, there are certain parameters of outcomes 
which have to be reported. So, we collect those. And our central medical services and operations 
group has a separate quality division which looks at those. We also have additionally started 
reporting some of the outcomes in major cardiac procedures, etc., which would be available on 
our website. But we are in the process of sort of making this system even more robust, so that 
we can do an open reporting, to which patients have access as well in terms of outcome. As far 
as the infrastructure-related monitoring is concerned of, say, the cleanliness, security level, and 
all other aspects, we have a separate internal mechanism by which we monitor. So, we have a 
central team which does an audit every quarter of each and every unit. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
I had a doubt on the Agilus EBITDA margin numbers. The reported EBITDA is Rs. 55 crores. 
And in your footnotes, you have mentioned that you have taken a Rs. 19 crore write-off related 
to Mohalla Clinic. So, if I add that, it becomes Rs. 74 crores EBITDA, but still you say that 
excluding one-offs, the EBITDA was only Rs. 64 crores. What am I missing here? 
Anand K.: 
No. So, Bino, operating EBITDA for the Diagnostics business is Rs. 64 crores after accounting 
for that Rs. 8.8 crores. So, if you add that back, then it becomes an operating EBITDA of about 
18.7%, which is there in Slide 16 of our presentation. This Rs. 8.8 crores is primarily rebranding 
expenses and some other additional provisions for write-off of the Mohalla Clinic business. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Sorry, sorry. I think you didn't get my question. In the footnotes to your financial statements, it 
is said that in this quarter, Rs. 19 crores of write-off was taken related to Mohalla Clinic. Am I 
correct there? 
Vivek Goyal: 
No. The Rs. 19 crores is the total provision till date of Mohalla Clinic since the beginning. For 
this quarter, we had taken around Rs. 2.5 crores of provision for the Mohalla Clinic. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
I think the wording is a little confusing there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is the line of Nancy Yadav from Allegro Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nancy Yadav: 
Could you please shed some light on the IndAS-116 impact on our numbers for this quarter? 
Vivek Goyal: 
There is hardly any IndAS impact on the Hospital business. Mangesh is just pulling out the 
numbers for the diagnostics business. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Nancy Yadav: 
Sorry, sir, I didn't get you. 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, what I am saying, in Hospital business, there is hardly any impact of the IndAS-116. 
Diagnostics business, we have ascertained these arrangements. For that, Mangesh is just pulling 
the numbers. Just wait for a minute. Or we can send you separately if it is okay with you. 
Anand K.: 
So, Nancy, we can share offline those numbers with you related to the Diagnostics business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram Mutual Funds. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
If I look at the payer mix, there has been increase in the scheme patients, both CGHS and ECHS. 
So, how should we look at the mix of the scheme patients going ahead with no beds getting 
added over the next 6 to 9 months? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, there is a little bit increase in the payer mix in some of our hospitals, and as a result, 
overall business also, there is an increase in the scheme business. Although we have targeted, 
let's say, a slight reduction in the scheme business. So, we are working on these particular 
metrics. And hopefully, we will be able to correct it in the coming quarters, and that should lead 
to some improvement in the profitability margins. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
But new beds addition will not lead to higher scheme patients? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, new bed addition is coming in Faridabad and Manesar also. So, there, of course, there 
will be some impact, but wherever possible, like in NCR, most of our hospitals, we are operating 
at a decent occupancy levels. So, there we may try to correct these metrics a little bit better. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
And do you see any impact on the international patients because of the Bangladesh situation? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, there is some impact because of the recent development in Bangladesh as well as Israel and 
other countries as fight is going on. But I think the impact may not be material looking at our 
patient flow from these countries. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir, my first question is with regards to the Manesar operating cost. So, the 18% margin what 
you have on the Hospital business, was there an impact of the clinical talent cost and other 
overheads of the Manesar facility? Or you are currently capitalizing that cost? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, Manesar has yet to be operationalized. So, till operationalization, whatever expenditure we 
are incurring, whether it is the administrative cost, administrative staff, plus some clinical talent 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
we have added, so that cost is right now getting capitalized. But as Dr. Raghuvanshi said, we are 
in the final stage of opening that hospital. Post that it will be coming as a loss to the business. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
And with that operational cost, you're guiding for close to 19% margin for the full year? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Not really. You are talking about consolidated margin of Hospital business? 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yes, sir. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, consolidated margin for the full Hospital business, we have guided 20% EBITDA 
margin, and we are well on track on that. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir, my second question was pertaining to the promotion or the marketing on the rebranding side 
of Agilus. Sir, I mean, how should we see this cost in this particular fiscal, because I think 
compared to last year, it's gone up a bit, but for the full year, any color on how the margins on 
Agilus would look like? 
Anand K.: 
So, we have planned to spend around Rs. 50 crores this year for the rebranding expenses. So, 
that will be the one-off cost for this year. So, apart from that, we will be doing our regular other 
marketing and regular activities as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Adrit Chaturvedi from Nomura India. Please go ahead. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
I would just like to understand the revenue mix on Agilus. So, you have (inaudible) roughly flat. 
So, I believe that tests per patient are sort of rising. So, less patients are coming, you're just 
selling more tests to them. And when I view that in the revenue mix, where wellness testing, 
that's essentially bundled, that's gone up 2% share. And I believe that, that's translating to a lesser 
realization per test, because you're charging lesser for the individual test in the bundle than you 
would if you would sell them separately. So, since there is sort of a drive to increase wellness 
share, shall we come to expect that as you grow this product mix, realizations per test would sort 
of not increase? Or would you look to offset that by more specialized testing? 
Anand K.: 
No. Actually, see what is happening is, currently, when we want to promote directly to patients, 
so we opt for wellness as a source of promoting directly to the patients. When we do that, we 
also offer additional discounts. So, during these times, we do some campaigns. In the last quarter 
as well as this quarter, we are doing some campaigns around discounted packages. So, naturally, 
that's having an impact. But those discounts will not be available always. So, that will not happen 
overall as we move forward on your average realization per test. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
So, like the targeted increase will not have an impact. And so the specialized bit, so we have not 
been able to increase a lot of the share there. However, that is a priority. So, could we come to 
expect that as wellness share increases and you reduce the discounts there and any ancillary 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
products and specialized keeps increasing, could there be like a guidance on how realizations 
per test would move? Because you're suggesting that they would significantly improve. 
Anand K.: 
Yes. If you see, even on the specialized side, we are focused on next-generation diagnostics. In 
genomics portfolio, we are seeing a higher growth rate. So, that is also we're focusing on. That 
will also help us build, as we tie up with more hospitals, more specialists, as we work with 
oncologists and all the new-age specialties, our contribution from this part of the revenue will 
also move up. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Sir, very quickly on that. So, I believe most of the specialized is going to be driven by the pickup 
business, the B2B business going forward? 
Anand K.: 
Specialized tests are usually driven by hospitals and other segments that outsource tests to us. 
So, it will be a pickup business, yes. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
And just on the Hospital business. So, you have seen even a sequential increase in occupied beds 
and occupancy, both. And generally, Q4 is very strong for occupancies. And it was also earlier 
like referenced in the call that the institutional share has sort of increased. So, a lot of the footfall 
has actually come on the institutional bed side. So, I am just wondering that this kind of a strategy 
to drive up occupancies and then to drive up these OBDs, you sort of increased the institutional 
bed share. How is that going to affect EBITDA per bed? Because realizations are going to be 
lower and margins are going to be lower. So, is that a decent strategy when you have 2 options 
where you can increase occupancy and sort of have a lower EBITDA per bed, or you can just 
keep occupancies lower and have a higher EBITDA per bed. Is there like a strategic direction 
there? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, if I can answer this question differently. First of all, the payer mix has not deteriorated that 
much. If you see, it is almost like flat, little bit increase in the scheme business by 0.5%. And 
that is true when you are having expansion drive, like brownfield expansion, as you know, we 
are having a lot of brownfield expansion. And on the marginal profitability point of view, we 
know this incremental occupancy, even if it is coming from the government payer, it is giving 
us decent EBITDA margin, because our fixed cost is fixed. So, fixed cost is a portion on the 
higher base. Having said that, to reduce these government payers, that’s impossible. As I 
mentioned, it is hospital-specific strategy. Wherever we are having higher occupancy and we 
are facing challenge of filling the beds, we try to optimize there. But where we have a lower 
occupancy, there, our endeavor is to fill the bed first and then look for this share and things. I 
hope I was able to answer your question. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Yes, that's what I was trying to understand that in a lower occupancy cluster of your hospitals, 
EBITDA per bed is not really a priority. It's more of like growth and revenue. And in your higher 
hospitals, you're sort of driving EBITDA per bed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from AMBIT Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Prashant Nair: 
So, my first question is on the Manesar project. I mean, how many beds would you be 
operationalizing at the start? And can you just outline how this could evolve over the next, say, 
2 to 3 years? By when do you see maximum beds being operationalized here? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, Manesar, the facilities have a total capacity of around 350 beds. So, we will be initially 
operationalizing around 100 beds. And once we reach a particular occupancy level of 100 beds, 
say, 60%, 65% occupancy level, then we will open up the balance beds. So, it will be gradual. 
And in our estimate, if things go as per our plan, we will be able to operationalize all 350 beds 
in, say, 18 months' period of time from now. 
Prashant Nair: 
All right. And second question, again, related to Manesar. So, from a pricing perspective, or 
from an ARPOB perspective, I mean, how can we benchmark this with, say, your FMRI? How 
much lower could it be versus that hospital when it starts? And then over a period of time, will 
it narrow, or will it remain a slightly lower ARPOB hospital compared to FMRI? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes, so FMRI is our flagship and premium hospital, where we are not having any scheme 
business. A lot of international patients are there. And the type of work we are doing there in 
terms of the clinical work we are doing, that is a high-end work. So, with that, I think the ARPOB 
of FMRI is the highest in our network actually. So, we are not expecting that type of ARPOB. 
The ARPOB will be maybe 25%, 30% lower than FMRI. 
Prashant Nair: 
Okay. And when it starts, at the time of it commissioning? Or is it what it will grow to over a 
period of time, the 25%, 30% lower than FMRI? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes, this is at the start, we are saying, and we will see how things pan out, and then accordingly, 
we will take a call on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashita Jain from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aashita Jain: 
My first question is on the diagnostics business. Sir, have we taken any price hikes in the 
diagnostics business in the last 6 to 8 months? And what's the impact of it, if we have taken any? 
Anand K.: 
So, in fact, we have taken a small price increase around the end of Q4 of last year. That's only 
on the B2C business, on the walk-in business, and also only in some of the segments that we 
have taken. So, overall, the impact is not very significant, as we also do some discounting on 
that business at this point of time for brand promotion. As such, if you see overall, compared to 
Q4, we have an improved performance in Q1. 
Aashita Jain: 
And my second question is on the hospital margin metrics. So, now we are selling hospitals 
which are below 10% margin mark. Which are these hospitals, and do we have plans to divest 
any of these? Also, you talked about some other initiatives to turn around these facilities. So, 
could you please elaborate on the same? 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So, these metrics we are sharing for quite some time. So, there are usual candidates here. 
One is FEHI, Jaipur, and Vashi. These are the 3 big hospitals which are part of this bucket. And 
we are making a lot of efforts to improve this. FEHI, I have made a comment earlier, because of 
the annual increment thing, they have not been able to absorb, and we are working on the cost 
side of FEHI, and also improving the revenue mix there. Because right now it is majorly a cardiac 
center. So, we are trying to add other facility. We are adding the clinical talent and other things 
there. We are working on the infrastructure improvement also there. We are spending a lot of 
money on the CAPEX on this hospital. So, hopefully, the things will improve in FEHI with all 
these efforts. This quarter, it has come down from 10% EBITDA margin able to achieve last 
quarter. Jaipur, there are other issues which we are grappling with. And as a result, our revenue 
has also fallen, and EBITDA margin, it has actually gone into negative territory. Vashi is 
grappling with competition around that area and the state of the facility is not that great. And we 
are making a lot of effort, but Vashi, as we said in the earlier call also, we are not able to crack 
anything there right now, and we are working to improve margins through increasing the 
occupancy by whatever means we can increase, through the marketing, sales, etc., and things 
like that. 
We have added one more hospital here in Ludhiana too which is a new hospital, we have added 
6 months back. So, it is early days for this hospital. Although I must admit this hospital has not 
performed the way we wanted to perform in the 6 months, but we are working on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Atul: 
My question is what has been the occupancy level so far since August? July has already passed 
and we are like 7th day of August, so if you can answer that/ 
Vivek Goyal: 
No, we will not be able to give you specific numbers, because it is price sensitive. But 
directionally, it is better than the last quarter. 
Atul: 
And any active inorganic opportunities which are in pipeline? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So, there are a lot of opportunities we are exploring right now, but these things have not reached 
a stage which we can disclose. So, we are working on that and as and when we reach a particular 
stage, we will definitely come back to the market. 
Atul: 
And since all the hearings in the courts are done, are you anticipating the legal costs to come 
down in the next quarter? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Not really, because just the hearing is completed. I don't know what will be the reaction of 
Daiichi, whether they will appeal in the higher court and things like that. And we have not come 
out from the woods completely. We have yet to receive the order. So, all those things will 
determine the legal cost. So, my estimate is legal cost will continue to be high in this year. And 

 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
this has already been budgeted and accounted for when I am giving various guidance on the 
EBITDA margin front. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of our 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anurag Kalra 
for closing comments. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for taking the time to join us today. In case there 
are further clarifications or questions, my colleague, Amit, and I are available to address those 
either telephonically or by e-mail. Thank you very much once again and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Fortis Healthcare, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
