 
         CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
Corporate One, First Floor, 5, Commercial Centre, Jasola, New Delhi  - 110 025 • Tel.: 91-11-46581300, 41697900 • Fax: 91-11-40638679 
Email : corporate@chambal.in • www.chambalfertilisers.com • CIN: L24124RJ1985PLC003293 
Regd. Office : Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan -325 208 
Tel No.: 91-744-2782915 ; Fax No : 91-7455-274130 
Ref. No.: CFCL/SE/2024-25/69  
 
 
 
 
                           August 13, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
   Dear Sir, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated July 31, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and              
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of Analysts / Investors conference call held on August 7, 2024, on the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. The said transcript is also available on the 
Company’s website at - http://investor.chambalfertilisers.com/EarningCallTranscripts.aspx  
 
 
You are requested to notify your constituents accordingly. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Tridib Barat) 
Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
TRIDIB 
KUMAR 
BARAT
Digitally signed 
by TRIDIB 
KUMAR BARAT 
Date: 2024.08.13 
15:07:43 +05'30'

‘ CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 07, 2024 
Rishab Barar: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Good day everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. Abhay Baijal — Managing Director; Mr. Anand Agarwal — 
CFO; Mr. Anuj Jain — Assistant Vice President (Finance); Mr. Tridib Barat — Vice 
President 
(Legal 
and Company 
Secretary); 
and 
Mr. Ashish 
Srivastava 
— Vice 
President (Sales & Marketing). 
Before we get started, 
| would 
like 
to point out that some statements made 
or 
discussed in the conference call today may be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed 
in conjunction with the risks the Company faces. Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited does not undertake to update them. The statement in this regard 
is available for reference in the presentation. 
We will begin this call with “Opening R'emarks” from Mr. Baijal. 
| would now like to 
invite Mr. Baijal to share his views. Over to you, Sir. 
Thank you, Rishab. Good day to everybody and 
a warm welcome to 
all 
of you 
participating in this call. 
During the quarter on standalone basis, the Company has achieved EBITDA of INR 
942 crore as against INR 778 crore last year, which is a growth of 21% and 
PAT of 
INR 552 crore as against INR 469 crore, showing growth of about 18%. 
At the consolidated level as well, the Company has performed registering PAT of INR 
448 crore as against INR 339 crore last year, which is a growth of 32%. 
As you must be aware, the country has received good rains, resulting 
in higher 
acreage till date. The agencies are forecasting a better precipitation for the balance 
period, which are good signs for the agri sector. 
Our 
Crop 
Protection 
Chemicals 
and 
Speciality 
Nutrients 
(CPC-SN) 
business 
continues to grow strongly with better margins. We have launched 
8 new CPC 
offerings, primarily comprising weedicides and fungicides. We have added 4 products 
in the pipeline, all of which have been introduced in the current financial year. 
Our focus is to cater to high-value crops like fruits, vegetables and niche crops. We 
are also focusing on further harnessing our channel strength to increase the market 
width and depth. Our strategic partnership with innovators is ongoing and growing. 
We have introduced new products, 
6 
in the Weedicide and 
2 
in the Fungicide 
segments. Our focus on biological products is also showing good results. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 13 
C

Moderator: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
We have introduced “Uttam Pranaam” (Bio Nano Phosphorus), 
a unique product 
produced through biogenic process having 10% P205 under the biologicals vertical. 
We have developed this product in collaboration with TERI and the response till date 
has been very encouraging. 
We 
are 
also working 
on new 
biological 
products especially for fungicides 
and 
Nematicide to be launched over the next 6 to 12 months for which trials are already 
on. We are also analyzing and testing some eco-friendly bio-stimulants, and we are 
very confident of launching a variant in near future. Our pipeline continues to diversify 
and grow in this segment. 
Our new focus area is to enter in hybrid and research variety seeds. This will complete 
the Agri-Input products profile. 
Our urea business continues to progress well. All our units have been operating at 
optimal capacity and our production of urea in the quarter is 9.23 lakh metric tons. 
Energy saving schemes that were implemented in the Annual Turnaround in March 
2024 for Gadepan-1 and 
Il plants are giving better than expected results. Our focus 
continues 
on improvement in plant operations and implementation of various energy 
schemes to remain the best in class. 
In P&K fertilizers, we continued to follow the portfolio approach. The product portfolio 
is being optimized based on geographical requirements and viability. Our cash flows 
have been good. We received about INR 2,300 crore of subsidies in the 1st Quarter, 
and we have prepaid our long-term loans, and we have zero debt in the Company. 
Our emphasis 
on 
maintaining 
strong 
connect 
with 
both 
dealers 
and famers 
continues. 
Communication 
via 
digital 
channels 
is 
delivering 
good 
results. 
We 
launched product display contests across territories, which has helped us to enhance 
visibility and connect with the farmers. 
As part of the “Seed to Harvest’ program, a key focus area for Chambal, we undertook 
more than 1,200 farmer meetings, conducting over 700 demos and 124 soil sample 
days to collect over 43,000 soil samples in “Seed to Harvest” territory. 
Our joint venture, IMACID, is also performing well with higher production and better 
margins. 
Our TAN project is progressing as per plan. Statutory approvals are in place, and we 
have spent about INR 342 crore till June 30, 2024. Orders for all the long lead items 
have been placed. Construction is progressing well. Several of the long lead items 
have also been inspected for various milestones and there are no showstoppers 
there. 
We continue to look forward to creating value for our stakeholders and with that, we 
will be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question 
is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Referring to your Slide 
of the presentation, the 110 metric ton per day increase in 
production capacity for G-I, G-Il combined, would this mean that you can make more 
urea with same amount of ammonia? 
No, there is a particular ratio of urea to ammonia. That chemical composition does 
not change. What it means is that ammonia has increased at the background, and 
to that extent, the throughput has increased. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 2 of 13 
C

Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Harmish Desai: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
And, with increased ammonia, you would like to make more urea or produce more of 
surplus ammonia? 
We are producing both, and in fact the country needs both. 
And Sir, how much 
is the incremental surplus ammonia that we will generate from 
this? 
If we are producing 110 metric ton per day more of Urea, 
obviously there is 60-65 
tons increase in ammonia, by a back calculation. 
But that will get only if we do not make urea. 
If we make urea, then that ammonia will 
be used for urea only. 
Yes, it is basically when we have said 110 ton per day increase in production capacity, 
this is basically for urea. Supposing there is also a balancing between the two plants, 
it could be that sometimes we are producing 75 tons, so 10 tons may become surplus, 
or 5 tons may become surplus. That is from time to time. 
And is it also on your discretion that, for example, 
if ammonia prices go up, you may 
rather want to produce more of ammonia than this extra 110 metric ton per day? 
It's not normally like that. 
| am not saying that there is no discretion, but in a production 
plan, we tend to also support the Government in their requirement for urea. 
Right. And secondly, what has driven this 40% growth in contribution profit for CPC 
and SN? 
So, this is an approach of an advanced placement scheme which is yielding results 
for Chambal so far. 
So, this is more driven by advanced placement. 
Not only that. Thatis one part of the strategy. The other thing is that this year because 
of the way we have chosen our products, we had a good growth in our overall revenue 
and we had a good growth in our margins also. So, taking both together, this 39% 
- 
40% growth is coming. 
And Prashant, you must remember that when we have said that good results are 
coming from biological, to that extent, some of the uptick is also from the biologicals. 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Harmish Desai from Phillip 
Capital (India) Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Can you please provide an update on IMACID? How is IMACID doing right now? 
| think IMACID 
is doing well and what has helped us 
in IMACID to improve our 
realizations, is that the input prices have softened a bit there. And our production has 
also been more compared to last year in Q1 FY-25. And therefore, our margins are 
higher. 
And do you expect this situation to continue for the rest of the financial year? 
| would say that you have to benchmark 
it against the global DAP situation or the 
global requirements of phosphoric acid as such and since most of the production 
in 
IMACID is directed towards the Indian market and given the fact that DAP prices are 
firming up, we feel that the price at which they will sell phosphoric acid because that 
is their basic output, that would remain 
stable. 
So, yes, they could repeat the 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 3 of 13 
C

Harmish Desai: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Viraj: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Abhay Baijal: 
performance in this quarter and maybe again, subject to the fact that they do not have 
any blackouts in production or problems in production, 
| would say that they would be 
able to repeat the performance in this quarter at least. 
And can you please provide some update on "Uttam Pranaam" product? How do you 
see this product going ahead and contribution? Because nano phosphorus, 
| think 
this is our first product in biological vertical. So, if you can please provide some update 
onit? 
So, the differentiation comes from 
its sourcing. This 
is the only product 
in the 
ecosystem 
which 
comes 
from 
a 
bio-process. 
A 
bacteria 
helps 
conversion 
to 
phosphorous from 
rock phosphate 
and 
at the same time eliminating 
the trace 
elements. So, this is the only product which is coming through a biogenic process. 
That makes the product differentiation. And since the application is initially with the 
seed, so the initial results are good. You know, we have already treated around 
76,000 acres of land with this product. 
So, any target on how much do you want it to grow? Have we placed any target for 
FY-25, FY-267 
The fact is that this product has to be handled. We are doing marketing, and we are 
doing trial demonstrations and so on. As the acceptance of the product grows, 
| would 
say next year onwards, the growth will be much steeper than what we are seeing. 
During Q1 
FY-25, we have sold around 19,000 liters, which translates to 76,000 
bottles in Q1 FY-25. 
How is it priced? 
Almost 76,000 bottles, which generated a turnover of about INR 2.0 crore. So, we see 
this growth, growing more exponential next year, as the two or three applications in 
cropping season and the farmer’s confidence grows as he starts using the product 
Lastly on the seeds, the question 
| would like to ask is, you have mentioned that you 
would like to focus on seeds going ahead. Have we devised any plan? Seeds of which 
crop are we targeting? 
Let me keep that a secret for the moment. We have just said that we are quite 
advanced in our planning for entry into this business and the requisite men, material, 
resources are being gathered up to start this process. 
| think 
| would be able to give 
more color on this in the next few quarters. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Management Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Couple of questions. 
First 
is on the crop protection. You said that early product 
placement has given better contribution growth. Can you explain how does an early 
placement drive better contribution margin? 
What happens in the CPC market is that there are some products which are incident 
based and some products which are prophylactic usage 
in nature. So, the more early 
you place them, you occupy the shelf, hence, you take care of the competition to an 
extent. At times that results in good margin. 
To cuta 
long story short, the fact is, tactics do not only dictate. There is product value. 
There is a value on the table in terms of what the product actually delivers. This is 
only one tactic. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 4 of 13 
C

Viraj: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Viraj: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
The tactic, as he rightly said, may not be completely repeatable, but at the same time, 
it means that your product, which is a good product, has been used by the market. 
And once the use of the product is established in the market, then it's repeat buy is 
what makes the difference. And once the repeat buy comes, that is when the volume 
and margin growth happen. 
So, let us not only put it down to early placement as a kind of a tactical manoeuvre 
but strategically what happens is that your product has been used by the market and 
when it has been used by the market and seeing is believing because our products 
are really very well thought of, chosen, directed and with 
all the ingredients which 
work for various crops. So, the farmer tends to create repeat buy and once the repeat 
buy starts happening, then automatically volume growth and margin growth happens. 
That is really the essence of what this is. 
Just a few questions on this only. If you look at the portfolio, it is largely generic. There 
are no specialty molecules right now. And as such, we do not have any strong 
combination molecules, unlike say other companies, where they are a success, for 
example, BASF. They have two or three combination molecules, primarily based on 
generics. So, 
if 
| look at the portfolio per se, when you say there is a repeat buying, 
there is a good amount of traction, of the products which we have sold or launched in 
last three years 
- five years, when 
| look at the top 5 
- top 10, would 
it be the same 
products, or you will still see a lot of churn in the portfolio compared to that? So, that 
is one. 
And then, secondly, if there is a churn in the portfolio, then how are you looking at say 
three years or five years hence? When you are looking to build an INR 750-crore kind 
of a scale, how you are looking at that? 
So, first to answer your question of the combinations, let's look at the products which 
have been launched now. Especially in the soybean weedicide category, there is a 
molecule which is a combination product. So, 
it is not that there are no combination 
products being launched. 
Secondly, your next question was about the generics versus combination products. If 
you look at our portfolio today, itis around 65 CPC molecules which we are marketing 
in the entire year. Out of the 65 in the last five years, we have launched 38 new 
molecules which are contributing to 25% to 30% of sales. So, this is a continuous 
process, you know. We will keep adding, keep deleting product portfolio including 
combinations. So, 
it is not that we are not launching combination products. 
No, my question was specifically that when the portfolio is largely generic, Sir talked 
about having a product value proposition and having high repeat purchases. So, 
| am 
just trying to understand when the portfolio is largely generic and keeping aside the 
tactic of early placement or late placement, there are similar competitors in each of 
the molecules which you will be launching or already launched. 
So, when 
| look at the sales base of current year, say close to INR 900 crore to INR 
1,000 crore, the molecules which you have already launched, say, 3 or 5 years, would 
they still be the top molecules for you? 
It will give some sense whether the value 
proposition which we are seeing, that's reflected 
in the sales profile or not. Can 
| 
compare the top 5, top 10 molecules? 
Yes, got your question. 
If you look at the first question and the answer on generics, 
still in this country, 
75% of sales is through generics CPC business. Now amongst 
the balance, 
| will give you a specific example. We were marketing one chemistry by 
name Imazethapyr for soybean. We were also marketing 
another weedicide 
in 
soybean by name Quizalofop-P-ethyl. 
| am talking of technicals. Now this year, we 
have launched a combination of that which has come from the house of Nissan, and 
we 
are only the third Company who 
has been 
allowed. 
So, because 
of our 
relationship in the ecosystem whether it is a Nichino or a Nissan or a Syngenta, we 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 5 of 13 
C

Viraj: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Viraj: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Viraj: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Viraj: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Viraj: 
are getting those products early in our portfolio. That is also making a difference for 
us. 
Just two questions. 
| think somewhere we were evaluating whether we want to get 
into manufacturing piece on technical 
or we will be looking 
at collaborations with 
foreign companies. 
| think you talked about Nissan and Syngenta, but if you can just 
broadly give more color on how are we looking at the CPC-SN space? Do we still 
want to have an asset light approach or you think that with now traction in generics 
and some positive indications on manufacturing 
, you would also have to have a back- 
end manufacturing? That is one question. 
You see, we are approaching a certain critical mass in this system and we are now 
beginning to create enough traction with some of the innovator companies and when 
these innovator companies are approaching us and we are talking 
to them, our 
credibility in order to be able to market these products has now risen to a level 
in 
which the more research-based, GenX type of molecules start getting available. And 
with that, at some point of time, will also come the responsibility of creating volumes 
and manufacturing and so on. 
And when that stage arrives, 
| believe with these type of product, my understanding 
is that you need a three-to-five-year kind of comfort creation between the parties when 
you come to a situation where you can actively start looking. And 
| think we have just 
climbed the first few steps of that ladder and as we grow up in this situation and we 
reach 
a certain 
size and they get comfort because they would 
be parting with 
intellectual property 
material as they talk to us and go with us, then is the time when 
we will start creating structures by which we could manufacture and that's exactly the 
strategic direction we are taking. 
Just to add what Mr. Baijal said, we have some dedicated tollers who have come up 
in India, who are notinto B2C business. So, their business is B2B and just formulation. 
So, the question of manufacturing till time for these 
products are available through 
our tollers we are not looking at it as of now, but we always keep evaluating various 
options. 
Just last question, on CPC again. Somewhere in the presentation, you talked about 
a certain percentage in terms of the width and the depth. Can you elaborate more in 
terms of coverage when it comes to core territories of Chambal? What is the coverage 
of CPC-SN and even the tie-ups which you are getting from say the MNCs now, would 
that be only for those core territories, or you are getting more of a pan-India kind of a 
portfolio access or another distribution agreement you would have with them? 
So, the last question first. Whatever agreements are in place with the partner, it is for 
pan-India. They are not geography specific. Whenever we have access to a molecule, 
it is for the pan-India market. 
On the depth and the width of the coverage compared to the core territory of Chambal 
in urea, where would we be in that right now? 
So, the idea is to put a channel in place which can take care of around 30% of depth 
and width that takes care of our future projections. 
To put it differently, of the sales which you have right now, would there be any sales 
which will be outside the core territory of Chambal in urea for crop protection, or all 
the sales would still be primarily from the core? 
No, the CPC sales are also coming from the non-Urea states also. 
What will be the contribution roughly? 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 6 of 13 
C

Ashish Srivastava: 
Moderator: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Anand Agarwal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Say, 
it should be around 8% to 10%. 
Next question 
is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
If you look at your segment numbers, there is a sharp increase in your traded complex 
fertiliser margins. Can you just give an understanding of how you would achieve this 
in the next year? And secondly, if you look at your segment asset, there is a significant 
movement. The segment assets for complex fertilisers declined sharply quarters-on- 
quarter and similarly for crop protection. So, 
if you can give us some insight into the 
improvement in the performance of complex fertilisers from this movement in the 
segment assets, then that would be helpful. 
| think some of your questions are with respect to the margins in the bulk traded 
fertilisers, NBS fertilisers, is that right? 
Let me repeat this. The improvement in the margins of traded fertilisers segment 
numbers have gone up from INR 30 crore last year to INR 120 crore this year. So, 
that is one. Secondly, if you look at the segment assets, there is a steep decline in 
the segment assets, whether you see it on Y-0-Y or Q-on-Q in complex fertilisers in 
the crop protection business. 
So, the answer is very simple. For the first one, 
if you see, there is a prior period 
income item, which 
| think we have disclosed in the note. That is one reason why it 
shows a higher number. And if you see otherwise the comparable quarter-to-quarter, 
the numbers look more or less the same, 
| think 8% or 10% here or there, although 
the volumes this year were a 
little lower. That is one thing. So, that should explain the 
first part of your question. As far as segment assets are concerned, 
| will let Anand 
handle this. 
What happens that there is a seasonality involved. Last year in complex fertilisers, 
we had higher stock going forward in Q2 from Q1. This year because of little bit of 
lower volumes on DAP side, our stocks are lower and hence the result is that we have 
lower segmental assets for complex fertilisers. 
If you look at CPC-SN, this is more because 
| think we do not want to increase our 
stocks with us and we have been efficient in our collections and our sales to that 
extent. And the reduction is not that great in CPC-SN. Otherwise, 
| think we are at 
similar levels compared to last year Q1. 
How much would be the prior period income which Mr. Baijal referred to in, the traded 
margins? 
Itis there in the note. There is INR 92 crore for this quarter, but there will be something 
or the other every quarter which keeps on happening with DOF. Some subsidies will 
come in later, some compensations for prior period, some compensation also get 
deducted, which we get next year. 
This is part and parcel of the game. 
So, in terms of the subsidy you have given in the presentation, there is a decline in 
the subsidy. So, what 
is that? 
Is 
it because of the cut down 
in the Gadepan 
I, 
Gadepan-Il units? 
Which subsidy decline are you talking about? 
So, 
if you see the Slide 15 of the presentation where you have given the subsidy 
received. The subsidy, 
it has declined in Q1 FY-25 compared to last year. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 7 of 13 
C

Anand Agarwal: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Anand Agarwal 
: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
The commodity prices have come down compared to last year, especially on the bulk 
fertiliser side. And hence, the subsidy levels have come down. 
| will explain this. What has happened is the DAP subsidy was down by about INR 
10,000 per ton. And we have done far less volumes on DAP, number one. Number 
two, in even MOP volumes, the subsidy went down quite a bit, which was almost INR 
7,000- INR 8,000. This is the impact of the price variance in that sense, which has 
happened in this case. 
And secondly, the quantum of traded fertilisers has been less this year as compared 
to last year. So, both have impacted. As far as the urea subsidy is concerned, 
it is 
stable because gas prices in both corresponding periods more or less the same. 
In terms of the outlook for your traded margin, urea is going to remain steady, but for 
the volume growth. We are given to understand that either you have to see the retail 
prices or MRP maybe increase for DAP and complex fertilisers, or the government 
would have to increase the NBS rate because of the recent increase in ammonia and 
the phosphatic prices. And is there an increase in the phosphoric acid contract price 
you envisage? And do you see the industry being able to raise retail prices in case 
the government does not change the NBS? What is the outlook for the second half in 
terms of the NBS rate and the potential for retail prices being increased for complex 
fertilisers and DAP? 
| cannot say what the government's stance on retail prices will be, given that there 
are 
political 
compulsions 
of various 
elections. 
But 
as 
far 
as 
our approach 
is 
concerned, 
If you notice, we have been consistently stating that we have a portfolio 
approach. We match the geographic requirements with the kind of NPKs or various 
fertilisers that we want, whether MOP or whether NPK or various grades and see the 
viability and then we go about doing that. So, depending on what matrix fits we will 
do, we have stocks for this quarter, albeit not that much. Going forward, we will see 
what happens in the October subsidy mechanism that comes, and we will take our 
call according to that. 
Sir, if you look at the last year's segment results for complex fertilisers, based on the 
current percent margin and the kind of volumes you can place, do you think we will 
be able to match it or show a growth on that in terms of the segment results? 
This is very dynamic. 
| cannot give you any guidance on this actually because there 
are two factors in play. One is the government's own policy decision on MRP. Second 
is the international prices. Third is the subsidy that they decide. When everything is 
open, you have to be exceedingly tactical on this. There is no strategic play here and 
we have to work according to what the best information they have. So, 
| will not be 
able to give you any guidance on this. 
So, on the consolidated numbers, 
| understand that there is an adjustment of the other 
income, which explains some of the decline in the consolidated results compared to 
the standalone results and that 
is there 
in the last year result also. But is there 
anything 
else 
which 
has 
led 
to 
the 
difference 
between 
the 
standalone 
and 
consolidated numbers? 
As part of consolidation, dividend gets knocked off. That is INR 140 crore. Balance, 
then you add back the performance of the joint venture itself. 
For the current quarter. That is the only difference. Otherwise, there is no difference. 
Everything else matches. 
Next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta from Mansarovar Financials. Please 
go ahead. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 8 of 13 
C

Falguni Dutta: 
Anand Agarwal 
: 
Falguni Dutta: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Falguni Dutta: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Falguni Dutta: 
Moderator: 
Ranjit: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Ranjit: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Anand Agarwal 
: 
Ranjit: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ranjit: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ranjit: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Sir, 
| just have a basic question on this INR 92 crore. So, has it affected any part of 
the numbers being reported? This INR 92-crore loss that you have given. 
Falguni, this was on account of losses we took on complex fertilisers two years back, 
which was approved. So, at that point of time we recorded lower subsidy. Now the 
balance subsidy has been given by the government. So, we are recording it. 
So, this would have come in our profits in the complex fertilisers for this quarter? 
Yes. Minus tax and whatever you have to pay, that gets deducted from here. 
So, in short, 
| should see the complex segment number excluding this generally 
| am 
saying. 
Yes. 
But you will still see that it has improved from last year. 
Yes, certainly sir. 
Next question is from the line of Ranijit Cirumalla from IIFL Securities Ltd. Please go 
ahead. 
The question is on the CPC and SN front. So, 
in the presentation we have kind of 
guidance for FY27 and that contribution margin works out to be around 
18 odd 
percent. For the last few quarters, we have been consistently delivering above 20% 
and now we are at almost 23%. So, is there any change in that guidance of 18% from 
the contribution level in the CPC and SN segment? 
This volatility will keep on happening from 18% to 23%. However, what we will say 
that we will be somewhere near the kind of margins that are earning, and we will be 
able to deliver consistently over a period, yes. 
This will largely be taken as an EBITDA or there is something else to it. 
No, these are basically your net margins, which you said net gross margin. So, below 
this there will be expenses, and the EBITDA will be little less than what is there, yes. 
Although Ranijit, we run a very tight ship. 
If you see the segment, you will be able to see the EBITDA levels. 
The second question is on the urea front. The expansion or the increase in 110 metric 
ton per day. So, we will be able to increase or reassess capacity so that we will also 
get the benefit of IPP? 
Yes, but that depends on how the IPP behaves. As of now, it is too early to say where 
it is headed. A bigger or sharper analysis would be possible by the third quarter, 
| 
think. 
And this has already happened or is there a timeline to this? 
What? What is the timeline? 
Increasing capacity is already through. 
This throughput increase has already happened. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 9 of 13 
C

Ranjit: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ranjit: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Anand Agarwal 
: 
Ranjit: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Tarang: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Abhay Baijal: 
And we are also undertaking the energy saving program. 
Yes, we have a road map which 
| think the discussion on that took place. One part of 
that has been executed.. So, these are to catch the 2026 timeline when we will have 
the ATR for these two plants once again. So, it is going according to schedule. And 
then 
there 
are 
future 
energy 
saving 
schemes which 
are continuously 
under 
evaluation. So, this is a kind of a continuous process. We do not stop at one point. 
We keep improving so that as we have said in our statement, we aim to be the best 
in class. 
And lastly, from my side, on the Gadepan-Ill benefits, any update on that? 
Too early to talk about this. 
| think we have not had any conversation on this with the 
govemment. My own sense is that discussion will start late FY-25. 
We still have 2.5 years from now. So, it's early to start discussing with them. 
And that all the steps that we are taking should, at best, 
be able to kind of fill the gap 
if at all those benefits are going to expire. 
Exactly. The point is that we continue to grow not only to fill the gaps, but also to 
grow. And so, lines of businesses have to be developed. Whatever we can sort of 
multiply, use force multipliers, we can use, we are using. And going forward, 
if there 
are some breakthroughs here and there, you will learn about it. Like TAN is one of 
the things that we have done. We can do product line extensions on that. There are 
other issues, 
| mean, the other items that could be produced out of that. So, as we 
said, we keep a continuous process of first creating a foundation and then building 
upon it. 
Next 
question 
is 
from 
the 
line 
of 
Tarang 
Agrawal 
from 
Old 
Bridge 
Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Fantastic execution on crop protection side and the transformation of balance sheet, 
| think it's worthy. So, just a couple of questions directed at crop protection. How are 
the credit terms in this business and how different are they from your other business? 
And second, the trajectory that we have seen for this business in FY-22, FY-23, FY- 
24 and 
| know that you have a longer-term target of about INR 70 crore to INR 50 
crore. How should we see this business for the full year FY-25? Should the Q1 trends 
continue? These are the two questions. 
| will answer this question first with regards to credit, usually the fertiliser and the CPC 
and SN market are different in terms of the credit which you play in the market. But if 
you compare it with industry, we are doing reasonably good in CPC segment. Our Q1 
66% sales have come from cash and 34% from credit sales. But if you look at the SN 
segment, it's a different segment. Only 36% comes from cash and 64% comes from 
credit. So, it's a product positioning depending on the market. So, our credit cycle 
is 
lower than the industry. That much 
| can say. 
Now with regards to extrapolating the Q1 numbers to financial year, we have the 
product portfolio 
in place. The Kharif crop looks good. So, we intend to keep the 
growth level, but what numbers exactly? Difficult to project as of today, but there 
would be growth in this business for sure. 
But Tarang, we want to maintain the momentum. How much we are able to achieve, 
that is dependent on, of course, seasonal factors as well, what will happen in Rabi. 
But we have the wherewithal, we have the products, we have the partnerships. 
| think 
the marketing team has been tasked and they are executing that. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 10 of 13 
C

Tarang: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
Tarang: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Tarang: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Tarang: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Anand Agarwal 
: 
Moderator: 
Viraj: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Viraj: 
Abhay Baijal: 
So, just a couple of follow-ups. One thing that you spoke about where you said that 
66% 
is in cash and one third is on credit and then you gave a reverse analogy of 
some other business where one-third is on cash and 66% is on credit. What was that? 
Crop Protection Chemicals, we are doing cash 66%. Speciality Nutrient segment we 
are doing 36% cash between the two. 
And second, how is the fixed cost base of this business moved over the last three 
years? 
| will put it this way, that the allocation of the costs in marketing, is in between three 
segments. One is urea, the other is bulk fertilisers and the third is the CPC-SN. So, 
what happens is that depending on the effort analysis from year to year, we have a 
certain allocation mechanism agreed with our auditors. They audit that. 
| am not saying we have time sheets to that extent and all that, but we have a template 
to organize and analyze. 
| would say it has remained stable because the number of 
people who work 
in marketing have not increased. That should give you some 
indication. Of course, salary levels go up, but the numbers have not increased. So, to 
that extent, there is a tight control on the way we do things. 
Would 
it be fair to presume that the trend for fixed cost base for this business is 
broadly in line with the trend that we see for the overall business? 
Yes, you are absolutely correct. 
And my sense is last three years we see the contribution numbers. It continues to be 
EBITDA neutral or EBITDA positive, correct? 
It is increasing year-on-year depending upon the business and the allocation. And 
there is a fair allocation being done nowadays because we are also now reporting the 
segmental accounting. So, itis 
fair. 
It is quite EBITDA positive. 
So, if you start achieving economies of scale, obviously it will be EBITDA positive. 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Management Ltd. Please go ahead. 
My query was a quarter or two back we talked about us evaluating capital investments 
in the nitric acid value chain in addition to the TAN project. So, any update you can 
give? 
So, we have received certain estimates. Those estimates on that particular plant are 
a 
little off what we thought. 
We know what it is costing with other parties, but the 
quote we received was a 
little higher than what our expectation was. So, we are 
relooking at the numbers with another party. So, once we have a satisfactory number, 
we will get back to you. 
And second question is, on the seed side, you talked about the process of acquiring 
land and other resources. Is the approach to seed business more organic or initially 
you would have more of a distributed kind of arrangement with maybe some of the 
MNCs? 
No, 
it will be to begin with organic and at some point of time, inorganic options will 
also be evaluated. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 11 of 13 
C

Viraj: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
S. Ramesh: 
Anand Agarwal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
The reason why 
| asked is, even when we talk about organic, 
it's a process where 
from the R&D to commercialization takes somewhere between 4-5 years to 10 years, 
right? So, what we visualize right now, and we will be having to make an investment 
on annual basis depending on the segments we choose, we will have to kind of make 
those investments either in P&L or Capex 
to kind of achieve a scale, 5 or 7 years. 
So, is the understanding correct? Is this how we are looking at it? 
We know that there is a cycle of 3 to 5 years for research on hybrid seeds and we are 
prepared for it. 
In the meantime, there are licensing options and many other options 
to also generate products which can be brought to the market. So, as 
| said that we 
have created a certain framework internally and that will be in the fullness of time. In 
the next one or two quarters, the things will be clear to you exactly what will happen. 
| am not at liberty at the moment to disclose every facet of what we are going to do, 
except that it is a serious entry into this business. 
Next follow-up question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Securities 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
If you look at your cash surplus and the increase in receivables and adjust for the 
Capex there is possibly some credit you are getting on the working capital side. Has 
the inventory gone down by about INR 1,500 crore? So, 
if you see the slides on 
receivables and the net cash position and your Capex number you shared, that's the 
number 
| get. So, has the inventory declined to that extent over INR 1,400 crore, INR 
1,500 crore? 
Yes, some bit of inventory has declined, but overall, 
| think we are generating good 
cash now and government is also supporting us by giving us our subsidies in time. 
And therefore, we hope that this will continue, and we will keep on generating cash 
surplus. 
So, on the crop protection side, you have improved margins by about 500 basis points 
and 
if you see your volume, out of that 16% the volume if you adjust for the weighted 
average impact as shown in the presentation, it's about 18%. So, how much would 
be the decline in pricing in that revenue growth of 16% and on this 24% margin, is 
that margin sustainable for the remaining 9 months and would you be able to improve 
on that in FY267? 
As 
| said, this is a dynamic situation, and we do not as a rule give you guidance on 
what is going to happen. We as a Company have never given forward guidance, but 
what 
| told Tarang when he asked us this question, more or less in similar fashion is 
that the marketing department has ambitious targets and they are working to execute 
towards it and that requires the correct combination of products and placement and 
everything, the strategies that have been discussed. So, it is, of course, my hope and 
my task or ask from the marketing department. Let us see how it plays out. The first 
part has gone well. The second and third part we have to see. Up to December is the 
crucial time. So, we will have to see how this progresses. We have the wherewithal. 
We have the channels. We have the product partnerships. So, let's see how it goes. 
On this breakup between volume and pricing, 
can you confirm these numbers? 
Because you have given the product wise volume growth and the revenue share. 
If 
| 
multiply that, 
| arrive at the volume growth of around 18%. So, 
is there 18%-20% 
volume growth and then do you have a price decline of around 3% 
- 4% on your 16% 
revenue growth? Is that number correct? 
Decline in revenue growth or what you are saying? Is there a price variance? Is that 
what you are saying? 
Yes, in the crop protection business, how does the revenue grow to 16%7? 
| get the 
sense that there is a price decline of around 2% 
- 4%. Is that number correct? 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 12 of 13 
C

Abhay Baijal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Ashish Srivastava: 
S. Ramesh: 
Moderator: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Please note: 
See, 
first 
of 
all, 
it 
is 
a combination 
of crop protection 
and 
speciality nutrients. 
Secondly, when we have shown that the 1st quarter has grown from 296 to 343. This 
is the net revenue. When you do net revenue, you are deducting all discounts and 
other such things from this. 
That's fine. So, all we are trying to arrive at is in terms of the overall equation between 
volume and price, most companies have talked about volume growth and then some 
price decline. So, 
| just want to understand 
in your portfolio, crop protection and 
specialty nutrients taken together. On the 16% revenue growth, what would be the 
split between volume growth and price variance? 
Ramesh, 
| will break this thing into crop protection and speciality nutrients. Whatever 
| am going to answer now about crop protection is about the gross invoice number. 
| 
do not have 
a net number. 
If you look 
at the gross numbers 
in crop protection 
chemicals, our sales have gone up by roughly 27%. Out of that, 17% growth has come 
from the new molecules. 17% has come from the increase in volumes of the existing 
portfolio. And 7% reduction is because of price decline. Volumes have gone up, but 
the prices have gone down. So, that gives a net impact. Does that answer your 
question now? 
Yes, that is perfect. 
Thank you very much. 
| will now hand the conference to the management for closing 
comments. 
So, thank you very much, gentlemen, for patient hearing to our conference call. 
| hope 
we have been able to answer the questions, and we look forward to welcoming you 
for our next call at some time in November this year. Thank you very much. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you. 
We have edited the language, and made minor corrections, without changing f the content, 
wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 13 of 13 
C
