MADHULIKA 
VIPIN RAWAT
Digitally signed by 
MADHULIKA VIPIN 
RAWAT 
Date: 2024.08.08 
19:51:01 +05'30'

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
 
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Management: MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  MR. AMIT AGARWAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  MR. VIVEK PABARI, HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 Moderators: MR. ADITYA SURESH, MR. BAIJU JOSHI, MACQUARIE CAPITAL 
 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
MODERATOR:  
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q1FY25 Earnings Call of Delhivery Limited, 
hosted by Macquarie. Before we start, Delhivery would like to point out that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this 
effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. Kindly note 
that this call is meant for investors and analysts only. If there are representatives from the 
media, they're requested to kindly drop off this call immediately. 
To discuss the results, I'm pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Amit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vivek 
Pabari, Head of Investor Relations at Delhivery. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in listen-only mode and participants can use the raise-hand feature to ask any questions 
post the opening remarks. I thank the management team for providing Macquarie the 
opportunity to host the call. I now invite Mr. Sahil Barua to take us through the key 
highlights of the quarter, post which we'll open up for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, 
Sahil. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you, Aditya. Thank you, Macquarie team. Thank you to all of you who've joined 
our earnings call this Friday evening. As always, we'll begin with a short presentation on 
financial and operational highlights from the quarter that's passed and then we'll be happy 
to take questions. The broad summary for the quarter is we've seen a quarter of growth 
from Q4 last year. Significant growth in our B2B businesses, both in the PTL space and 
the Supply Chain Services space, and steady volume growth as a business, with an 
improvement in profitability across all of our core businesses. At this time, I'll invite our 
CFO and my colleague Mr. Amit Agarwal to actually walk us through the presentation, 
and then I'll be happy to take questions after that. Over to you Amit. 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
Hi. Good evening, everyone. We had a fairly steady and profitable start to the fiscal year, 
where our top-line grew by about 13% on a Y-o-Y basis and our EBITDA for the quarter 
was at 4.5% and the adjusted EBITDA was at 1.7% for the quarter. Express Parcel service 
EBITDA remained stable at 18% while there was continued improvement in Part 
Truckload business Service EBITDA to 3.2%. Express Parcel business grew across all non-
large marketplace segments and within that, we also grew significantly within the heavy 
goods category, about which we'll talk more later in the call. 
Part Truckload business grew 25% Y-o-Y on back of both volume increases and yield 
improvements. SCS business growth was 26% Y-o-Y due to a seasonally strong quarter 
for air conditioning customers and we have a robust pipeline of customers across several 
sectors like auto, electricals, and FMCG. Overall revenue grew to 12.6% Y-o-Y basis and 
4.7% Q-o-Q basis. We did 183 million parcels in Express Parcel, which represented a 
growth of 0.6% Y-o-Y and 4.1% Q-o-Q. Part Truckload business was just short of 400,000 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
metric tons of load on the back of 16% Y-o-Y volume increase and 3.9% Q-o-Q volume 
increase. 
EBITDA was at Rs. 97 crores or 4.5%, while the adjusted EBITDA was at Rs. 37 crores 
or 1.7%. Both these metrics have improved in a range of low to mid-single digits on both 
Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis. PAT was Rs. 54 crores for the quarter or 2.4%. This includes a 
positive impact of about Rs. 39 crores, while we have moved from WDV depreciation 
method to a straight-line method and Rs. ~20 crores reversal on ESOP cost for employees 
who left the company in the past quarter. There was a Rs. 5 crores exceptional cost item as 
well. Excluding all these items, the PAT was breakeven for the quarter on a like-to-like 
basis compared with previous quarter. 
We continue to operate our business on a steady network and infrastructure, with no 
material capacity additions. While growing the business, we have expanded our customer 
base importantly from 33,000 customers to nearly 35,000 customers this quarter. All other 
infrastructure metrics have remained stable or have slightly been geared for efficiency, 
while the team size and partner size and fleet size have improved in line with the business. 
In Express Parcel, we have grown our revenues Y-o-Y 6%, while Q-o-Q 5%. The volume 
increase Y-o-Y is 1% and Q-o-Q is 4%. As I mentioned earlier, this is due to a higher mix 
of heavy goods in our business on a Y-o-Y basis due to which yield has expanded. Part 
Truckload saw a revenue increase of 25% Y-o-Y and a freight tonnage of 16% Y-o-Y, 
coupled with 8% yield improvements, which has resulted in 1% improvement in our 
service EBITDA margin in this business to 3.2%. Yield improvement has been an outcome 
of efforts on pricing and mix improvement in this business. Truckload services witnessed 
a 19% growth Y-o-Y basis and a 10% de-growth Q-o-Q due to selective bidding in RFQs. 
Supply Chain Services grew 26% Y-o-Y basis due to seasonally strong quarter for air 
conditioning customers. And Cross-Border has grown 2% Y-o-Y and 39% Q-o-Q. Most of 
the increase Q-o-Q in Cross-Border is on the back of both volume and yield increases in 
the ocean freight market that we have witnessed. 
The overall service EBITDA for the business is at Rs. 258 crores or 11.9%, which 
represents a 1.7% improvement on a Y-o-Y basis and 40 bps improvement on a Q-o-Q 
basis. The Express Parcel service EBITDA margin has held constant on a Y-o-Y basis, 
while it has expanded by about 60 bps on a Q-o-Q basis. Part truckload service EBITDA 
margin continues to improve as we improve our customer mix and efficiency in operations 
and it is at 3.2%. In Supply Chain Services, our service EBITDA margins were 4.4%, which 
were slightly below 6% last quarter, primarily due to increase in trucking and manpower 
cost due to sudden spikes in demand for services in the quarter. Our corporate overheads 
have remained consistent in a range of about Rs. 215 crores to Rs. 220 crores, and they are 
at about Rs. 221 crores. This is after the impact of wage inflation that we passed to the 
employees at a company level. And as a result, the adjusted EBITDA margin for the 
company is at Rs. 37 crores, or 1.7%, which is 3% higher than the same period last year. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Adjusted EBITDA increased to Rs. 37 crores in Q1 FY25, which was negative Rs. 25 
crores same period last year, and represents roughly about 3 percentage point improvement 
on a Y-o-Y basis, and Rs. 16 crores improvement or 0.7% improvement on a Q-o-Q basis. 
So overall, revenue from services increased from Rs. 2,076 crores last quarter, or Rs. 1,930 
crores a year ago in the same quarter, to Rs. 2,172 crores, which is 4.7% increase Q-o-Q 
or 12.6% increase Y-o-Y basis. Most costs increased in line with the volume increases in 
the business, with minor efficiencies coming in on freight handling and other expenses for 
the business. There are two-three critical items I would like to point out here, that share-
based expense, dropped from Rs. 49 crores to Rs. 21 crores from previous quarter to this 
quarter due to Rs. ~20 crores reversal for ESOP charge on account of employees leaving 
in the last quarter. We have both performance and time-based stock options, so this was a 
contribution coming in from both performance and time-based options, which were lapsed 
and added back to the pool. And there is a property, plant, and equipment depreciation 
change in the quarter, where it was Rs. 83 crores a year ago to Rs. 44 crores this quarter 
due to movement in depreciation policy from WDV to straight line method. We have given 
more details in annexures on what is a like-to-like comparable for change in depreciation 
policy and how this affects this year, rest of the quarters, and the future years. Broadly, 
there is roughly about Rs. 180 crores positive impact expected in depreciation from prior 
period CapEx into FY25, and then there is about a Rs. 40 crores improvement next year, 
after which it is a slightly negative impact. This, as a result, has led to overall profit after 
tax of Rs. 54 crores for the company in Q1 of FY25. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you. Aditya, happy to start taking questions. 
MODERATOR:  
Sure. Thank you, Sahil. We'll now begin the Q&A. I request all participants to use the 
raise-hand function to ask questions. We'll take the first question from Sachin Salgaonkar. 
Sachin, please go ahead. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes Sachin, if you are saying something, we can't hear you. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Yes. So, Sahil, I just got an option of unmuting myself, so I did unmute myself. Thanks 
again. I have three questions. First question, Amit, I wanted to understand any specific 
reason for the change of D&A methodology from WDV to straight-line. 
 
AMIT AGARWAL:  

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Sure, Sachin. There are a number of reasons why we chose to move to the straight-line 
method from the WDV method. Number one is to be in line with our industry comparables. 
When we looked at most of our competitors, they are on a straight-line method. Number 
two, when we adopted the WDV method many years ago, Delhivery was entering into a 
CapEx cycle where we were not 100% sure of how the asset quality would turn out over 
its life, how the performance would evolve over the life of an asset. And hence, we thought 
that it would be appropriate for us to more aggressively depreciate these assets in our books. 
However, given we have operated our first generation of sorters, which were much lighter 
in quality versus what we deploy now, those assets have lasted well over 9 years for us. 
And the higher quality equipment that we are now buying and putting in our facilities is 
expected to last much longer than the useful life of assets that we have assumed in our 
books. 
I also want to point out that we have not made any change to the useful life or the residual 
value of any asset type in our books for any of the assets. This reason coupled with the fact 
that our maintenance costs for these assets is within what our AMC costs agreed with the 
vendors is for the useful life of assets, we do not see a reason for WDV being the right 
method. Also, the disadvantage of WDV method is that, when you have a bit of a lumpy 
CapEx, it tends to distort the profitability of the business on the face value. None of this 
changes frankly on a cash flow basis, whether we choose WDV or SLM. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Got it. Thanks, Amit. Pretty clear. Second question was mainly on the Express volume 
shipments. Is it fair to see that the worst is over and we should see normalization of volumes 
going ahead and perhaps a move back to a strong Y-o-Y growth in terms of shipments out 
here? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
It's always a difficult question, given how volatile this market is. I think though we had 
indicated that we expected to see growth in this quarter and we have delivered that despite 
the quarter being fairly volatile for the industry at large. The next quarter, as you're aware, 
Sachin, is also going to contain the peak period, and at least indications so far are that the 
peak period is likely to be a period of fairly decent growth for the industry. So, I do think 
that our volumes leading into this quarter and beyond should be strong. 
That said, I think, at the platform level the strategy is fluid and as it changes over the next 
couple of quarters, I think, we'll wait and watch. But let me put it this way. I anticipate that 
our steady state volumes will continue in line with what we forecasted, which is sort of 
annual growth rates in the e-commerce market of between 15% and 20%. And our numbers 
should be broadly range bound as well. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Got it, Sahil. Pretty clear. And my last question is, one of the companies yesterday, when 
they reported numbers stated that quick commerce is gaining market share also at the 
expense of e-commerce. And they had some pretty aggressive targets in terms of the 
number of dark stores they are opening. So, the question to you guys is, is Delhivery doing 
something to piggyback on the last-mile logistics from the quick commerce perspective? I 
do know that certain warehouses are being leased from you guys, but anything we could 
do to capitalize on the quick commerce growth opportunity. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes. I'm glad you asked that question. I think on quick commerce or rather, let me put it 
this way, on rapid in-city delivery for e-commerce companies, we've launched a  new 
product. We've run the mother warehouses in the past for quick commerce firms, but the 
intention is also to launch a network of shared dark store warehousing, which will be 
available to e-commerce companies to use on a multi-tenant basis and then to provide a 
rapid local delivery basis that fulfillment architecture. That said, I think the consumer need 
for quick commerce, especially on the grocery side, while is fairly established, I think on 
the e-commerce side, as we look at the market, we still view it as being relatively sort of 
narrow in terms of its category penetration and its geographical penetration. 
To give an example, Sachin, first of all, certain categories, for example, like apparel, 
categories like heavies, don't necessarily lend themselves to a quick commerce model at 
all. One of the fundamental tenets of quick commerce is that the inventory underlying quick 
commerce has to be fast-moving inventory. The reality of e-commerce is that a lot of the 
inventory is not fast-moving inventory. So, to give you an example, Meesho as a 
marketplace platform doesn't necessarily lend itself to a quick commerce format. And when 
you add that up across categories, marketplaces, the long tail that's available online, our 
view is that the actual volume that's at risk on e-commerce actually is likely to be pretty 
small. And so, I don't think 30-minute or one-hour sort of delivery timelines are going to 
massively disrupt the broader swath of e-commerce. I think there are a set of narrow 
categories, and even within that, a set of narrow SKUs within those categories, where the 
model makes sense. We will provide dark stores. We will also provide a delivery service 
out of those dark stores. And to the extent that e-commerce companies want to use it on a 
multi-
a very significant driver of revenue for us in the short or the medium-term. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Noted. Pretty clear, Sahil. One last small follow-up out here is, in the past, from what I 
understand, the unit economics were not fitting in this last-mile logistics. In the new model, 
what you guys are looking to do, presume the unit economics will be better, or is it 
something similar in terms of what we had thought in the past? 
SAHIL BARUA:  

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Well, unit economics of trying to deliver a kajal in 20 minutes by itself to a consumer in 
Bombay are never going to be very good. And so, that's not what we're aiming for either. I 
think we have to distinguish between sort of quick commerce and allow me to create a sort 
of magical category here, which is rapid commerce, which is something like maybe four-
hour delivery or two-hour delivery in the metros. The unit economics for that, which allow 
a certain amount of consolidation and a certain amount of route optimization are still 
positive. I don't believe that the unit economics for sub-one-hour or sub-30-minute delivery 
for low-value products with no significant sort of value density and distances higher than 
three or four kilometers in an urban environment, like India, are going to work out. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Got it. Pretty clear. Thanks a lot. 
 MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Vijit Jain. Vijit, please go ahead. 
 VIJIT JAIN:  
Yes. Hi. Thanks. Just following up on that question from Sachin, so basically if I 
understood this right, you're going to offer a network of warehouses and dark stores to 
multiple companies and you would do fulfillment from warehouses to dark stores, or are 
we talking about last-mile delivery as well here? 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
We already do fulfillments from warehouses to dark stores, but also as an example into 
retail and into distributors, this is going to be a service, which also connects the last-mile. 
 VIJIT JAIN:  
Okay. Got it. And Sahil, just a little bit more color would be helpful on how this works in 
providing warehouse and dark stores to multiple companies? What are we talking about 
here in general, can  multiple companies use the same dark store? 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
So, it's essentially the process of creating micro fulfillment for most direct-to-consumer 
brands and creating a network of standalone dark stores is going to be too expensive. The 
simple reason is that capacity utilizations are very difficult to manage, so you could either 
end up with a situation, where you over-inventorize the dark store at the last-mile, which 
is going to lead to the weight of the real estate cost and the storage cost of a fulfillment 
center in city, which will be at the bare minimum 2.5x the cost of a larger fulfillment center, 
which is outside the city. Alternatively, you will end up with a location, where you are 
paying rent for a large amount of space, while stocking a very small amount of inventory. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
idea behind our fulfillment center network is to allow companies to variablize that cost. If 
we've got six customers, for example, in a location, who are filling up a dark store, they 
can all sort of share that infrastructure, variablize their operating expenses, without having 
to bear the risk of either underutilization or capacity management. 
 VIJIT JAIN:  
Got it, Sahil. And Sahil, do you anticipate some of the largest of these quick commerce 
companies to participate in this as well? Or, do you think this is something that will see a 
more reception from some of the smaller guys, which are trying to catch up? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Largest of the quick commerce companies in the sense? Sorry, can you just specify?  
VIJIT JAIN:  
The top two, three most well-known companies, do you think will use multiple tenant dark 
store model with you is what I am trying to understand? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
You mean Blinkit, Zomato etc. No, I don't anticipate that they will be immediate consumers 
of our dark store infrastructure. In fact, I'd argue, for them the problem that exists, and a 
little bit of a digression from our strategy is, ultimately with limited shelf space. Their 
problem is not how do we bring more people into the dark store, it's really selecting what 
to put in a dark store, which is probably already full. So, I don't anticipate them being 
customers. And also, it's a very different kind of inventory. Moving as an example, rice 
and sugar, with let's say 400 SKUs, which belong to a cosmetics company, are going to be 
pretty different sort of from an engineering and delivery standpoint. Ours is designed very 
specifically for direct-to-consumer companies and potentially some product lines at the 
larger marketplaces side. 
VIJIT JAIN:  
Just one last question, if I can? Because I think Amit mentioned some reference to heavy 
goods that you would talk about later on the ecommerce side, I just wanted to make sure 
that's covered. Thank you. I'll jump back into the queue. 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
So, Vijit, as I mentioned our yield in e-commerce parcel has gone up on a Y-o-Y basis by 
about 5.5%. This yield has primarily increased on back of a higher mix of heavy goods 
category. There are certain initiatives that we are undertaking, which could potentially 
further increase the mix of heavy goods in our business. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
I also want to point out that this is one category, which is very unique to Delhivery amongst 
the 3PL that we service, while our competitors are either not there or insignificant, because 
of the LTL capability that we have. So, the first-mile and last-mile capability between the 
two are shared. 
VIJIT JAIN:  
Got it. Great. Thanks, Amit. Those are my questions. I'll jump back into the queue. 
 MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Gaurav Rateria. Gaurav, please go ahead. 
GAURAV RATERIA:  
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. The first question is on Express Parcel. You did talk 
about growth coming from non-marketplaces. Could you elaborate on how broad based 
this growth was across different categories within the e-commerce vertical? And also, I 
know that you started certain initiatives around C2C and other things, which are also part 
of the Express Parcel. Just want to understand how big those initiatives have become as 
percentage of the revenue or as percentage of the total volume for the segment? 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. In terms of overall growth and volumes from the longer tail of e-commerce, which is 
essentially anybody, who is not in a marketplace, I think we've seen growth across all 
categories and across all client segments. In fact, to be fair, we've also seen growth with 
the marketplace segments, but the growth across the non-marketplace segments is fairly 
secular. Vertical-wise there's not that much of a split, to be honest, because we've seen 
growth across all categories, both from direct-to-consumer, where they're more vertical and 
even from the absolute long-tail or our SME business, where we have probably close to 
about 10,000 different customers on the SME side. So, it's been overall fairly good to see, 
because it's been spread across categories, across customer sizes, across customer types, 
wherever there are non-marketplace. 
In terms of the consumer-to-consumer shipping, I think, there are two parts to what we do. 
One part is obviously via the Delhivery Direct application, which is where consumers can 
book packages or freight. We're also launching another service, where they can also book 
mini trucks, as an example, in some locations directly using the application. That continues 
to see sort of fairly steady growth Q-o-Q. It's a bigger driver, to be honest, of our brand 
perception. It's a driver of our yield and it's also a driver of profits. The other thing that 
we're doing, of course, is also essentially creating offline resellers. So, think of it as similar 
to a franchise program, Pan India, where a local entrepreneur or a local courier shop can 
effectively direct volumes into the Delhivery network. This today has been growing for us, 
we don't break out the numbers exactly, so unfortunately, I can't reveal those, but this has 
been growing for us Y-o-Y. The plan is to expand the penetration of our franchise network 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
and to deepen it across states in India, which is all of the locations, where we don't have 
direct business development reach, but our franchise partners have the ability to create 
SME volumes and to direct consumer volumes into us. Both of these are fairly solid drivers 
of profitability and revenue for us. 
 GAURAV RATERIA:  
Got it. Second question, any sense if you could give us on how our market share has trended 
this quarter or last quarter or last six months within the 3PL segment? Have you been 
gaining market share or it's been pretty steady? 
And a bookkeeping question for Amit, the depreciation, amortization has fallen quite 
significantly Q-o-Q. Even if you adjust for the Rs. 39 crores that you talked about because 
of the change in the methodology, the fall appears much sharper. So, what would have been 
the reason for the fall? Thank you. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure Gaurav. Very quickly on market share, I think, the big move in the market or the big 
structural change in the market over the last several quarters, which you're aware of and 
we've discussed earlier, has obviously been, Meesho internalizing a certain percentage of 
logistics themselves. I think that's led to a bigger rearrangement of the overall market. Inter 
se across the third-party logistics companies, there hasn't been any significant inter se 
movement of market share. So, our position as the largest 3PL continues.  
Book-keeping question, I'll let Amit answer. 
 AMIT AGARWAL:  
Gaurav, we have a bit of seasonality in our CapEx cycle within the year. You'll note that 
Q1 and Q2 are the periods, when we basically start commissioning CapEx, and Q3 and Q4 
are the periods when that CapEx is completed on our books, when its depreciation starts. 
So, that seasonality you should expect to see this year as well. To put this in perspective of 
numbers, the CapEx in the Q1 was about Rs. 80 crores, the fresh CapEx that was done. 
And while last year, I think, we would have done CapEx of close to about Rs. ~550 crores 
for the full year. So, as the CapEx catches up in the second half, you will see a rise in it in 
the second half.  
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Abhishek Banerjee. Abhishek, please go ahead. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Hi. This is Abhisek Banerjee. Quickly on the question of quick commerce stores, I mean 
of entering the quick commerce market. Zomato is now talking about 2000 dark stores by 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
the end of FY26 right And you yourself spoke about the kind of density that you need of 
your store network in order to make the unit metrics kind of work. So, if I think that you 
will build as dense a network as, say, one of these people, then you are basically having to 
build about a minimum of 1000 dark stores over the next couple of years. And even if I 
 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
Abhishek, let me cut in. The answer to that is, no. Because the delivery radii of the dark 
stores that you're talking about for 15-minute delivery of groceries, and as I'd mentioned, 
two to four-hour delivery of e-commerce products is not the same. So, we are not going to 
have to build out a 1000 dark stores to service a city with two-hour delivery. That's one. 
The second is, do bear-in-mind that we already operate 3,450-odd delivery stations across 
the country. So, we do not anticipate that we're going to have to build out anywhere near 
1000 dark stores, nor will we have to incur significant CapEx to do so. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Understood. That's helpful. Second is on the market share question. From what I 
understand is, of course, the part about insourcing has been hurting the overall revenue 
growth in Express Parcel for you. That is understandable. But any timelines as to how long 
you think this will continue? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I think the big move, Abhishek, has really been the growth of Meesho's self-logistics, in 
terms of the other marketplaces, they've insourced previously as well. And per se, I think, 
their insourcing versus outsourcing strategies are fairly stable, and we are materially 
important and large partners to both of the other marketplaces. In Meesho's case, I can't 
really comment for how long or what the exact strategy with their delivery network is going 
to be. But I can tell you that we are a large and fairly high-quality partner to the firm, and 
they require high-quality logistics to be delivered to their consumers. And as their 
consumers mature and consumers trade-up and demand fulfillment experiences, which 
they are able to receive on other marketplace platforms, Delhivery is a natural choice. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Fair. So, is there any data, which shows the difference in SLAs between you and, say, 
something like Valmo? 
 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Unfortunately, I am not aware of what Valmo's published service levels are. I am aware of 
our service levels. And I think the fact that they are pretty robust and are in line with 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
consumer expectations is reflected in our market share of the third-party market and our 
share with the other two large marketplaces. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Sir, just the last question on the employee expenses, generally there's a bump-up in this 
quarter, this time it didn't show through. So, are you changing the increment cycle or what's 
happening there? 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
No, there's no change in the increment cycle. It's the standard increment cycle, Delhivery's 
increment cycle ends in March, and Q1 is when we essentially take the cost of wage 
inflation. 
So, we had mentioned earlier to the market as well that when we went public also, we said 
that we don't anticipate a significant increase in our wage costs overall. We are built out to 
deliver a much larger business, a much larger revenue, and we don't anticipate the need for 
us to hire additional people and to inflate the wage cost. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Sachin Dixit. Sachin, you may please go ahead. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Hi. Thanks. Congrats, Sahil and Amit, on a great set of results. I had two quick questions. 
The first one was with regards to, you mentioned that there was a contract with this large 
customer in the last earnings call. Can you talk a bit about this contract, like, were there 
any price cuts involved as part of getting this contract? And post that, have you seen their 
insourcing stabilize at those levels, or is it still continuing to rise? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
In terms of the contract, I obviously can't get into specifics about the contract. But suffice 
to say, you've seen our yield, you've seen that the margins overall have improved between 
Q4 and Q1. So obviously, it's not a reductive contract as far as Delhivery is concerned. I 
think the important thing in any contract that we negotiate with any customer is, how to 
link pricing that we give them, which as I mentioned before, our objective is to reduce the 
cost of logistics for all of our customers linked to the volume that they provide to us, and 
that's the contract that we negotiate, not just with any single marketplace, with every one 
of our 35,000 customers. And, as we negotiate contracts, of course, the additional thing 
that we negotiate with all of our customers is also equivalently, should there be an adverse 
mix that they provide to us then we're protected against that and that's sort of the standard 
contract that we've signed. So, you can see that reflected in our unit economics in any case. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Fair enough. So, have you seen any changes in the insourcing trajectory of Meesho, or 
you're not aware of those changes? 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
I think we're satisfied with the volumes that we're getting and they're in line with our 
expectations, but if they've been reducing the share that they're providing to other third-
party partners I would be unaware of that. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Understood. Second question, more like a housekeeping question. So, all this ESOP 
reversal that was taken this quarter, wasn't this being done in earlier quarters as well or this 
was the first time that we did that? 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
This was done every quarter. There was a KMP exit last quarter due to which this was 
affected. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Understood. Thanks so much. Just my final question on the Rs. 80 crores CapEx that you 
mentioned for this Q1, can you roughly provide a breakup of that as well? 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
Sure. Just a minute. We've got vehicles worth about Rs. 29 crores. These are Volvo tractors. 
Automation of Rs. 4 crores, plant and machinery of Rs. 26 crores, furniture & fixtures and 
office equipment of Rs. 20 crores. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Aditya Bhartia. Aditya, please go ahead. 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  
You spoke about market share in 3PL market remaining the same and given that Meesho 
has been insourcing a fair bit, is it fair to assume that market shares of the overall online 
sales would have gone down in the last year or so? Not only for you, but pretty much for 
everybody else as well. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yeah, I could suggest that. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  
And in the conversations that you've been having with Meesho, are you getting some sense 
about how exactly their strategy about insourcing is going to play out from a slightly 
longer-term perspective? Especially because while planning your capacity, I guess at least 
some of your larger customers would be giving you some indications? 
 SAHIL BARUA:  
No, I think, among the many things that we discussed with our customers, as I mentioned 
their strategies are fluid, their strategy on insourcing, I think, is also changing. So, it's 
something that doesn't seem to be stable. The way we look at it is pretty simple. We provide 
a high-quality service at a cost that is extremely attractive to all of our customers including 
the ones who insource and not just limited to any single market place. Our objective is to 
meet our growth objectives and to meet our economic objectives and to protect those. 
Outside of which, in our case, do bear in mind that, while we certainly provide an extremely 
important service to the e-commerce industry, it's not the only business that we do. And 
our ability to provide that high quality service to e-commerce companies is also bolstered 
by the other businesses that we run. So, we are pretty confident about our competitive 
advantages overall, irrespective of what the change in strategy for any single customer of 
ours might be, and we don't have a very high degree of dependence on any single customer 
anyway. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Mukesh Saraf. Mukesh, please go ahead. 
MUKESH SARAF:  
Yes. Hi. Good Evening and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on Meesho 
insourcing itself. So, is it fair to assume that Meesho would be insourcing most of the high-
density locations, initially at least? And, apart from us getting the remainder, does it also 
affect the quality of business we get from Meesho right now, low density locations, etc.? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
No, that would not be the case. We receive volumes across all of our locations. Well, there 
are two things to bear in mind. One is capacitating a network for what you might think of 
as a high-density location is also not a trivial exercise. The reality is that e-commerce 
volumes are fairly volatile at the last-mile. It's really just the law of standard deviations. I 
might be able to predict that my volumes in the city of Bombay will vary by only about 
15% on any given day, but that doesn't mean that my volumes, for example, in the micro 
locality of Chembur will not vary by 600%. And therefore the ability to capacitate at the 
extreme last-mile is extremely difficult. So, either you have to run networks which are 
under-capacitated and higher cost, which as you're aware of, some of the other insource 
players have discovered over the last decade or so. Or alternatively, if you're capacitating 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
to meet a cost objective, which if you're selling low AOV products, you have to do, then 
ultimately you have to outsource a lot more. It's unfortunately not possible to escape that 
math, so, really merely take high density locations and outsource the others. 
 MUKESH SARAF:  
Got that. Got that. Thank you for that. The second question is, again, related to this. I mean, 
now that we'll see the volumes from Meesho come off and obviously the D2C share for us 
goes up, we're also seeing in the market that some of the traditional logistic players in the 
D2C segment are pricing very aggressively. Do you see this kind of impacting us going 
ahead on the D2C side of it? Aggressive pricing from the traditional competitors? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I am not sure about traditional, so I'm going to assume that you're speaking of perhaps 
DHL, DTDC and so on. 
MUKESH SARAF:  
 
Yeah Bluedart kind of names. 
SAHIL BARUA: 
Yes. Sure. So, look at the end of the day, the fact that somebody is offering you a lower 
price, if it's not backed up by a high-quality reliable service, the lower price is not enough. 
I mean no customer is going to say that I am happy to take more delays or I am happy to 
have to work with higher returns as long as you give me a lower price. Ultimately, e-
commerce companies want to deliver reliably to customers. Where what we index on and 
what we've always indexed on is the quality of our service and the quality of our delivery, 
and also the reliability of our delivery, and the ability to absorb the inherent volatility that 
e-commerce contains at this point in time. So, we have not actually faced any particular 
headwinds from any traditional or other competitors in terms of pricing.  
The other thing also to remember and we mentioned this before, we are very confident 
about the fact that we are the lowest cost operator in this space. Not only are we the lowest 
cost operator in this space, over a period of time as we have discovered cost efficiencies in 
our network, we have passed those benefits on to our customers with time. And as a 
consequence of that, we are very confident that the pricing that we provide to customers, 
where we are able to make the margins that we declared, most of our competitors if they 
are pricing at those levels or below that, will be unable to make money. So, even if they 
are sort of in a zone where they are pricing below us, the fact of the matter is they won't be 
able to sustain it for very long if at all. 
MUKESH SARAF:  

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Sure. And just quickly on the PTL business. I mean you  have obviously recorded very 
strong growth, while the industry doesn't seem to be growing that strong on PTL. So, could 
you kind of give some sense on how we have expanded, say probably pin codes or 
collection centers, any data you can provide on where we were say last year, first quarter 
to now in terms of reach or like I said collection centers? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Apar/Vivek, can you just go to that slide please? The slide with all the statistics on the 
network please. So, as you can see Mukesh, there's been no change in the network. We still 
service more or less exactly the same number of pin codes and we service through the 
same. 
MUKESH SARAF:  
No. So, I meant specifically for the PTL. So, in this obviously there will be certain pin 
codes that you'll only be servicing PTL. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
No. No. No. So, Mukesh, that's why our network is unique, because it's integrated across 
our PTL and our Express services. So, serviceability for PTL is exactly the same as 
serviceability for Express. 
MUKESH SARAF:  
Okay. It's not just the mid-mile that you're able to integrate, you're able to integrate even 
the last-mile as well. It's what you're saying? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Correct. Now, the difference is, if you look at freight service centers, which we have 120 
off, the highest density PTL locations are serviced by a format called a freight service 
center, which is uniquely designed to handle freight and uniquely designed to handle heavy 
products. I imagine that there is a location, which we are servicing, I'm making this up, but 
let's say 15 tons of load a day. 15 tons of load a day will go to a freight service station. But 
that doesn't mean that we won't have a customer, who, for example, wants to send 300 kilos 
of load to a location that is not viable to service by our freight service station. In that case, 
what happens is, this will get directed into our Express delivery network, where we have 
3,567 of these centers. So, in fact, the Express delivery network is a humongous advantage, 
when it comes to serviceability for us versus traditional industry, which tends to think of a 
lot of these pin codes as ODA pin codes. 
MUKESH SARAF:  
Okay. Interesting. Got that. Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Manjeet Buaria. Manjeet, please go ahead. 
MANJEET BUARIA:  
Yes. Thank you. Sahil, in the past, you had mentioned that even if we sort of 
disintermediate our first, mid and last-mile, we'll actually still be the lowest cost player in 
the industry. So, in that case, shouldn't we be winners on Valmo as well? Because we 
should be the most competitive to bid on that platform. I just wanted your thoughts on that. 
SAHIL BARUA:   
But why would we do that? I mean, we already provide a fully integrated service that the 
principal in question can utilize at an extremely competitive cost with an extremely high 
service level. The incentive for us to unbundle ourselves to participate in a platform is 
essentially zero. So, a better answer is actually for the platform in question to outsource 
the volumes to us entirely. So, I don't anticipate that we will unbundle ourselves to 
participate piecemeal.  
The second thing to bear in mind is that the quality of service of a disintermediated network 
is by definition lower than the quality of an integrated network. Because I have the ability 
today to make decisions all the way from the moment a parcel is picked up to the moment 
a parcel is delivered through a single stream, which is Delhivery. If you have to pass-on 
packages continuously across multiple different partners, there's an inherent loss of service 
and inherent loss of traceability, and an inherent overcapacity that has to be built at every 
node. So, there is a reason why logistics companies across the world historically for a 
hundred years have provided integrated services. It is because there's a certain power that 
comes from integration. So, we don't believe it's in the best interest of our customers for us 
to disintermediate ourselves. 
MANJEET BUARIA:  
Very clear. And the second question, Sahil was, whatever Meesho is trying to do, my 
understanding and I could be wrong, is that other 3PL players are even more reliant on 
Meesho than we ever have been. So, just your thoughts on industry consolidation, because 
they should be getting hit way worse than we are. So, from an industry perspective, you 
have some thoughts on when do we see probably the less competitive capacity go out of 
the system? Thank you.  
SAHIL BARUA:   
Sure. I've spoken about this before. I think, as I mentioned, for any customer of ours, the 
reality is that the mechanism through which you manage your risk across multiple carriers 
is not by launching a carrier yourself, but essentially by working closely with the existing 
carriers. In this situation, whether you call it self-logistics or not, effectively, another carrier 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
has been launched into what already was a fairly sort of shallow pool. It has, of course, 
affected people who had extremely high dependence on the platform in question and 
potentially at pricing that also is most likely to be unviable. I think consolidation is 
inevitable in this situation. The question, of course, that I can't answer is, how long people 
will continue to fund businesses in this state. 
Also, the reason why this is necessary, I believe, is that over a period of time, India will 
produce integrated logistics companies. For a variety of reasons that I mentioned in the 
past, the economics of running parcel-only networks that are non-integrated are 
significantly worse than the economics of running integrated networks. The cost curve 
flattens out too quickly, when you're running a parcel-only network. And so, I do believe 
that it's important for industry consolidation to happen. As to the timelines, I think, to be 
perfectly honest, your guess is as good as mine. But on a lighter note, today is as good a 
day as any other. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Achal Lohade. Achal, please go ahead.  
ACHAL LOHADE:  
Yes. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. My question was on Supply Chain 
Services. If you could talk about where are we in the journey? What kind of growth can we 
see here? What kind of customer addition we have seen? And in terms of the offering, 
compared to the other supply chain players, where do we stand in terms of the offering? 
Have we covered most of it or do we have a significant element to catch up?  
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. Broadly, on the Supply Chain Services business I mentioned a lot of the new starts 
that we had, which were to come in, both from traditional sort of the B2B industry, there 
are specific verticals, for example, in the auto and auto spare parts world, in the wires and 
cables world, the FMEG world, we had contracts that were starting up. Those are obviously 
scaled up in this quarter. And obviously, for our customers in the consumer durables space, 
this is a seasonally high quarter. So, a combination of those factors obviously has delivered 
solid growth to us. In terms of our pipeline, I think, the pipeline is extremely robust, both 
from the B2B world, where we continue to make inroads into our focus categories, which 
are, as I mentioned again, auto, auto spare parts, industrial goods, wires and cables, 
consumer durables, FMCG and FMEG. But outside of that, the other area that's seen 
significant growth for us is integrated fulfillment for e-commerce, where we have the 
ability to provide effectively, as I mentioned before, think of it as a white-label prime 
service, which is a combination of variable cost fulfillment coupled with extremely high-
speed delivery in the city, and we've seen demand for this sort of rise quite significantly in 
the last quarter. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
In terms of the breadth of the offering itself, I think, Supply Chain Services, whether we 
offer it or somebody else offers it, is fundamentally a combination of warehousing and 
transportation operations spread across primary logistics and secondary distribution or 
delivery to customers, and we provide a comprehensive set. Typically, traditional players 
have not done the B2C element of this, they've largely focused on the B2B element of it, 
so the differentiation or the increased breadth of our service is the ability to knit B2C and 
B2B both.  
The other, of course, differentiator between our service and traditional services is our 
ability to support multiple tenants in the same fulfillment centers, which essentially, like 
I'd mentioned on the dark store side earlier, allows us to enable companies to variablize 
their operating costs with the supply chain quite a lot, as opposed to sort of making heavy 
investments in capacity. And that's sort of a pretty big differentiator, apart from which, 
from a technology standpoint, we have the ability to enable companies to virtualize their 
inventory across all of the fulfillment centers that we serve for them. And an order 
management system that essentially enables them to direct the right set of orders to the 
right fulfillment centers, and therefore, achieve an optimal mix of inventory and the lowest 
cost of transportation. 
So, it's a fairly comprehensive set of services that encompasses not just the physical aspects 
of storage and transportation, but also all of the information systems that are crucial to 
supply chain decisions. And then, of course, there's the added advantage of visibility, the 
tracking, and the reporting services that we provide. Traditional players also provide 
contract logistics, which is the one area I should point out we do not provide. So, we do 
not do a service, where we're simply providing manpower effectively, while the systems 
and the management are being run by the principal themselves. So, that's what we don't do. 
ACHAL LOHADE:  
Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you. Those were my questions. Thank you.  
ADITYA SURESH:  
Sahil, before we conclude the call. This is Aditya from Macquarie, maybe I'll just ask you 
two questions, please. The first is, on the Part Truckload business, you've been constructive 
on the formalization opportunities, you've spoken about impressive growth rates here. 
Maybe if you can just run through your thesis here again? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. So, Aditya, on Part Truckload, there are sort of two or three big things to point out. 
The industry, obviously, while exact statistics are a little hard to come by, because of sort 
of the express, non-express, PTL, FTL, hazy boundary, broadly our view is, the total spend 
on Express PTL is easily over $10 billion. If you look at the market, India is a hugely 
atypical market, which is highly fragmented. Whereas when you look at Part Truckload 
markets around the rest of the world, they tend to be highly consolidated markets. And the 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
reason is very simple, which is that, similar to Express, Part Truckload is essentially a 
network business of consolidation and deconsolidation, which lends itself to large 
economies of scale. And that's obviously a technology and engineering intensive business. 
So, our view is that the market will formalize in India. In the U.S., for example, the top 
five players I suspect will be, I don't have the absolute latest numbers, but will be, let's say, 
65%, 70% of the Part Truckload market. I think India will go down that path, because scale 
leads to efficiency, which reduces cost for everyone. 
And secondly, obviously, in India, there's a big shift from unorganized players towards 
organized players, largely because quality of service improves with large integrated 
national networks. So, that's broadly our thesis. We don't anticipate any challenges in terms 
of our ability to grow into this market, as you can see, even in what has been a seasonally 
extremely weak quarter overall for the Part Truckload industry, we've had fairly solid 
growth this quarter, which reflects both the quality of the service and our ability to generate 
and service demand. 
For us, the basic challenge that I've spoken about is to slowly increase sort of our top of 
the funnel activities, both to make more and more customers across the country aware of 
the fact that Delhivery provides PTL services. I mean, one of the interesting things is 
despite us being one of the largest PTL players in the country, most people still think of us 
as an Express denominated business, whereas the reality is we're an extremely large freight 
network. And the second, obviously, as I mentioned, is to increase our direct sales 
capabilities and direct sales outreach into Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets. As an Express 
only player, our business development was really in the beginning, largely focused on 
places like Delhi, Bombay and Bangalore. But increasingly, as our sales teams have spread, 
as an example, in the PTL industry, cities like Chennai, cities like Vapi are fairly large 
markets, and we're expanding our presence into all of those with physical sales. And 
logically, along with physical sales, we're also building a network of resellers and third-
party partners, who can sign up with us. And similar to the C2C franchise business that I 
spoke about, can sign up and essentially direct freight loads into Delhivery, where it's 
unfeasible for us to have a direct business development presence.  
ADITYA SURESH:  
And the related question, Sahil, was that, on freight costs and the fact that you're running 
this integrated network, freight costs have declined about 180 basis points, 190 basis points 
Y-o-Y, it's down again about 50 basis points sequentially as measured against revenue. As 
you scale your PTL business, we'll see how the Express Parcel business shapes up, but 
should we expect further scale benefits here as you kind of ramp Part Truckload up?  
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, absolutely. As I mentioned before, Aditya, the reality is that our PTL business at the 
moment, we're very happy that it's now profitable at a service EBITDA level and 
profitability continues to improve Q-o-Q. But as I mentioned our PTL network is designed 
to handle significantly more tonnage than we continue to handle at this stage. And so, as 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
volumes go up through this network, utilization of the network will continue to rise, 
whether it's the freight service stations, which are designed to handle higher volumes or 
the hubs which are designed to handle higher volumes. And also trucking, aggregate 
trucking utilization will increase. Our trailer network will densify a little further from this 
point on. 
And the other thing is, as we are bringing in more PTL business into the network, the 
densification of loads or essentially the higher weights that we are carrying, themselves 
have a positive impact on overall costs. And interestingly, Aditya, this has a positive 
network effect on the Express business as well. It's one of the things that enables us to 
derive a fairly competitive advantage on Express cost as well, so both the networks feed 
into each other. 
ADITYA SURESH:  
Fantastic. And are you able to kind of provide any guidance here, whether on Service 
EBITDA margin level or any of the margin lines? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
On Express, as you've seen the margins we are stable at this 18% kind of mark. And as I 
mentioned before one of the things that Delhivery is committed to doing is to bring down 
the overall cost of logistics for the industry. And as our margins expand, I think, wherever 
we have customers, where we believe that offering them a lower price is going to lead to 
higher volumes for them and consequently for us, we will continue to offer that pricing 
benefit to them, and we're very happy in the short to medium term with these customers to 
remain in that 18% to 20% kind of margin range on Express. The PTL business as I 
mentioned is exactly the same as the Express business but nearly with larger boxes. And 
so, we do expect that the PTL business will deliver margins, which are in line with the 
Express business. And potentially as our cost advantages are discovered, we'll see how it 
goes potentially even higher and that's the trajectory we're shooting for. 
ADITYA SURESH:  
Fantastic. Sahil, I don't see any other questions in the queue. If you have any closing 
remarks, please.  
SAHIL BARUA:  
Great. Well, nothing that hasn't already been said, I think Q1 is historically always one of 
those difficult quarters for logistics companies and I think we're very satisfied with the 
overall performance we've had for Q1. There's been pretty significant revenue growth even 
in what has been a seasonally difficult quarter for the rest of the industry and also obviously 
the impact of rains, the impact of the elections. So, a very satisfactory quarter. And from a 
profitability standpoint, as we'd mentioned, our focus has always been to improve the unit 
economics of our businesses. 

Delhivery Ltd
Q1 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie
Aug 02, 2024 
 
Broad summary is that Express continues to grow stably, margins remain stable in that 
18% range, the PTL business continues to grow very fast, the profitability trend continues. 
So, we're also seeing significant sort of improvement in the Supply Chain Services 
business, and have a robust pipeline from here on. And we anticipate pretty solid growth 
in SCS business as well. So, overall, a good start to the year. And going into the peak 
season, I think, we're feeling quite confident and well set for the rest of the year. So, thank 
you. 
Thank you, Macquarie team for hosting us. Thank you all for joining. 
  
  
 
