 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2024-25/41 
 
 
July 23, 2024  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2024, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on July 18, 2024. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2024.07.23 
14:16:50 +05'30'

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 1 
 
”Tata Technologies Limited  
Q1 FY’25 Results Conference Call Transcript”  
July 18, 2024 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to the Tata Technologies 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head of Investor Relations 
at Tata Technologies. Thank you and over to you. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 2 
Vijay Lohia: 
Hello everyone, and welcome to Tata Technologies Q1 of Fiscal '25 Results Call. 
I am Vijay Lohia, heading Investor Relations. With me today are Mr. Warren 
Harris, CEO and MD, Tata Technologies; Ms. Sukanya Sadasivan, COO, Tata 
Technologies; and Ms. Savitha Balachandran, CFO, Tata Technologies. This call 
is for 60 minutes. Our management team will give a brief overview of the 
company's performance, followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we do 
not provide specific revenue or earnings guidance, and anything said on this 
call, which reflects our outlook for the future, or which could be construed as 
a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks 
that the company faces. 
We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly factsheet 
available on our website. Our press release and earnings deck have been filed 
with the stock exchanges and are also available on our website, 
www.tatatechnologies.com. I hope you had a chance to look at them. Let me 
now turn over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, Vijay, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's earnings 
call. Let me share some key highlights for the first quarter of fiscal 2025. I'll 
then pass the floor to Savitha for a more detailed overview of our financial 
performance.  
At an aggregate level, revenue declined by 2.5% sequentially. This was 
informed in part by the expected seasonality of our value-added product 
reseller business that is reported as part of Technology Solutions.  
Specifically, Technology Solutions de grew by 7.4% from the prior quarter.  
As I previously shared, our products business typically does well at the end of 
each calendar year when our customers in the U.S. renew maintenance 
contracts and discharge year-end budgets.  Consequently, revenue growth in 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 3 
the first half of the fiscal year is always lower than the second half of the year. 
Typically, the revenue split between H1 and H2 is roughly 40:60. 
In contrast to our products business, our education vertical grew by 4% 
sequentially. Moreover, order book and pipeline for our education business is 
healthy and we anticipate sustained growth throughout this fiscal year. 
Despite the aggregate sequential drop in top line, the performance of our 
Technology Solutions business was largely in line with expectations.  
In Services, we also recorded a sequential revenue decline of 1% on account 
of the short-term phasing of a number of large programs and the completion 
of our ramp down at VinFast. 
These customer-specific headwinds are isolated and unrelated to the overall 
market conditions, which we believe remain favorable as the manufacturing 
sector continues to future proof itself through ongoing investments in 
alternative propulsion systems, software-defined products and services and 
smart manufacturing.  
I am pleased to note that the VinFast transition is now largely behind us, and 
we fully expect sequential revenue growth of our services business to pick up 
from the current quarter. Confidence in our full year prospects is fuelled by 
our order book, continued positive momentum within our anchor accounts 
together with tailwinds that we expect to continue to intersect with across 
automotive, aerospace and industrial heavy machinery. 
Despite the decline in revenue in Q1, our margin performance remained 
resilient with operating EBITDA coming in at 18.2% in Q1 compared with 18.4% 
in the previous quarter. Moreover, net profit increased by 3.1% sequentially.  
Q1 was also a solid quarter in terms of deal signings, with 3 large deals won 
during April, May and June. Let me give you some color on these deals.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 4 
• 
We've been awarded a multimillion-dollar, multiyear award for battery 
and pack design services by a global EV battery manufacturer. This 
engagement highlights the expansion of our upstream EV capabilities 
into battery pack engineering, thus extending our industry-leading EV 
proposition. 
• 
We've also secured an engagement with the North American 
commercial vehicle manufacturer for the turnkey development of an 
all-new cab, highlighting once again the applicability of our turnkey full 
vehicle capabilities beyond the automotive sector.  
• 
In Aerospace, I'm pleased to inform you that we've won a large deal 
from a European Aerospace Tier 1 to develop first and business class 
seats for the commercial airline sector. This new logo further extends 
our growing aerospace customer base. 
As far as our offerings are concerned, within our product engineering 
segment, we continue to see healthy trends across our software-defined 
products and services offerings. Within our digital engineering lines of 
service, demand remains strong in the areas of digital threat, smart 
manufacturing and customer experience solutions. 
Specifically in the software-defined products and services domain (SDx), 
we've secured a number of high-profile awards. They include:  
• 
We've been selected by a commercial vehicle OEM as their SDV 
technology partner for the development of middleware stack on a 
high-performance computing platform. The strategic engagement will 
focus on building the foundational elements of their software-defined 
vehicle framework. Notably, we are now starting to witness the 
accelerated adoption of software-defined capabilities within the 
commercial and off-highway vehicle space. This growing demand 
should help us extend our ambitions beyond our traditional focus upon 
passenger vehicles.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 5 
• 
A European luxury OEM, automotive OEM has selected Tata 
Technologies to deploy a cloud-based virtual platform for the 
development of software for again, SDVs. With SDV technology 
increasingly defining the competitive landscape within the automotive 
sector, OEMs are investing in their own SDV platforms. With 
proprietary SDV platforms, OEMs can embrace as a service business 
models that position future opportunities to monetize data and digital 
services. As a consequence, OEMs are under pressure to shorten the 
time to market for their SDV propositions. This deal, we see Tata 
Technologies employee virtualization and cloud-based development 
capabilities to enable the concurrent development of SDV technology 
from anywhere in the world, thus leveraging a global talent pool without 
any need to access physical hardware. 
We're also extending our industry-leading SDV capabilities by our network of 
partners and alliances. Building upon the collaboration that we announced 
earlier in the year, we signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) in Q1 
with Arm that is focused upon leveraging the Arm AE technology platform to 
accelerate the development of AI-enabled vehicles. In addition, we entered 
into a strategic partnership with a U.S.-based edge computing start-up to 
develop an edge engine solution tailored specifically for SDV use cases. 
As I previously referenced, within our digital engineering offerings, demand 
for our smart manufacturing capabilities continues to scale across all focused 
industry sectors. Specifically, in Q1,  
• 
We leveraged our global footprint and manufacturing process 
knowledge to successfully implement SAP S/4 HANA for Mitsubishi 
Electric in just 11 months, cutting the original program time line by 25%. 
Our cross-functional teams streamline business processes and apply 
digital accelerators to integrate multiple business units, enhancing 
operational efficiency by a significant 15%. This deployment has 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 6 
improved data visibility and decision-making throughout the 
Mitsubishi Electric enterprise. 
• 
We've also implemented an MES solution for a global Tier 1 automotive 
OEM that's enabled them to monitor, track documents and control the 
entire product life cycle of their -- of the products that they deliver to 
their customers, thus helping the customer improve quality control 
and increase uptime while reducing inventory and costs. Additionally, 
we have created a global smart manufacturing template for this 
customer that will be deployed to an additional 20 manufacturing 
plants globally. 
Let me now provide you with an update on the progress we are making with 
AI and Gen AI. We believe Gen AI has the potential to revolutionize and 
transform the manufacturing sector. While the technology is still in the very 
early stages of adoption, we continue to see growing customer investments 
in Gen AI to transform new product introduction, manufacturing and 
aftermarket processes. 
Let me profile a couple of AI and Gen AI solutions that we are currently 
implementing for our customers.  
• 
We have partnered with a leading commercial vehicle manufacturer to 
deploy a Gen AI-powered virtual sales assistant. This cutting-edge 
solution leverages large language models and internal databases to 
streamline sales processes, reduce training dependencies and 
enhance productivity. By providing real-time product information and 
negotiation support, we've transformed the effectiveness of our 
customer sales teams. 
• 
In North America, for a North American automotive Tier 1, we are also 
leveraging AI and Gen AI to harmonize raw materials -- raw material 
purchasing across their entire supply chain. And for a luxury German 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 7 
automotive OEM, we're also using AI to accelerate their autonomous 
driving ambitions by enhancing the speed of object detection. 
Given the impact that Gen AI will have on the manufacturing sector, we are 
making significant investments in training and capability development. In Q1, 
we have successfully launched the training program and a capability building 
program that will be focused upon building capacity in anticipation of growing 
market demand. 
Furthermore, in support of our plans to leverage Gen AI to foster innovation, 
we've launched InnoVent Hackathon in collaboration with our partners, 
Microsoft and Tata Motors. This initiative aims to provide engineering 
students with a dynamic platform to upskill, showcase their creativity and 
develop pioneering solutions using Gen AI. The overwhelming response from 
the top 200 engineering colleges in India reinforces our confidence in the use 
of this country. The registration phase concludes on July 31st, and we look 
forward to culminating this journey with a demo day in January of next year. 
We anticipate that the best and brightest engineering students in India will 
present their Gen AI innovations on that day. 
Before I hand over to Savitha, let me give you a brief update on the current 
industry concerns surrounding the slowing sales momentum for electric 
vehicles.  
This calendar year, there has been a steady flow of stories in the mainstream 
and business press about a reversal in fortunes of the electric car industry. 
We believe that most technology transitions, including EVs, do not follow a 
smooth adoption curve. Despite growth rates tapering in 2024, the 
International Energy Agency continues to assert that global EV sales are likely 
to increase to somewhere close to 17 million units this year, meaning more 
than 1 in 5 cars sold around the world will be electric.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 8 
We remain convinced that surging demand for clean, cheap EVs across the 
rest of this decade will completely change the global automotive industry. By 
2035, the International Energy Association projects 50% of all cars sold 
globally will be EVs, cutting oil demand between 6 million to 10 million barrels 
per day, equivalent to the current amount used for road transportation in the 
United States. 
In the coming decade, the automotive sector is clearly poised for a 
transformative shift. In addition to the move to electrification, this will be 
propelled by interrelated trends that include autonomous, connected and 
shared vehicles. This aces transformation will usher in changes in consumer 
habits and mobility preferences, reconfiguring the landscape of value 
distribution, fostering innovative business strategies and welcoming new 
players into the mobility sector. 
These trends are underpinned by technological progress in electronics and 
software that will drive an exponential demand for engineering services. This 
shift is unlikely to be reversed, which is good news for the automotive sector, 
engineering service providers like Tata Technologies and most importantly, 
the planet. 
Let me now hand over to Savitha to take you through our financial 
performance. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Good morning or good evening, everyone, 
depending on your time zone. Thank you for joining us on this call today. 
Following the business overview shared by Warren, let me now walk you 
through our financial performance in the first quarter of fiscal '25. 
Our revenue from operations came in at INR 1,269 crores with services 
contributing to INR 986 crores and Technology solutions to the balance INR 
284 crores during the quarter. The Services segment constituting about 78% 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 9 
of our revenue was down 1% sequentially, driven by a short-term phasing of a 
couple of deals as well as the completion of the ramp down of the last batch 
of our people coming off the large full vehicle programs as we had indicated 
previously. 
In our Technology solutions segment, the education business continued to 
maintain its growth trajectory on the back of a good order book with revenues 
growing sequentially and in line with our expectations supported by ongoing 
projects, one with multiple state governments in the past quarters. 
This growth was more than offset by the anticipated seasonality in our 
products business, which typically has a relatively stronger volume in the 
second half of the year when our customers, mainly in the U.S., renew 
contracts and accelerate their budget spend. This meant the total 
Technology solutions revenue registered a 7.4% sequential decline. 
The combined effect of the performance of the two segments resulted in the 
overall revenue decline of 2.5% sequentially on a reported basis.  
We continue to exercise strong operating discipline during the quarter with 
the operating expenses reducing by 2.2%, thereby enabling us to maintain a 
relatively stable EBITDA margin that came in at 18.2% compared with 18.4% of 
the previous quarter. While our employee benefits expenses remained 
relatively flat, our other expenses witnessed a quarter-on-quarter increase of 
over 11.5% led by increased professional fees and advisory expenses for some 
matters, increased CSR spend as well as an increase in the travel expenses. 
This was, however, more than offset by the 12.4% decline in our outsourcing 
and consultancy charges as we continued to optimize our subcontracting and 
outsourced services, especially in high-cost locations.  
Our focus remains steadfast on margin preservation this year, and we 
continue to aim for a 20% plus EBITDA margin in the long term as our business 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 10 
scales. To reinforce what we've previously communicated, leveraging 
operational efficiencies through focus on offshoring, people pyramid 
optimization, and productivity remains our key levers for margin expansion in 
the future, while we build capabilities for sustainable growth. 
Our effective tax rate in the quarter came in at 26.2% compared with 31.9% of 
the previous quarter. Consequently, our profit after tax increased by 3.1% 
sequentially to INR 162 crores, registering a PAT margin of 12.8%, up 70 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter.  
Maintaining a strong balance sheet with robust liquidity is a key area of focus 
for us. At the end of first quarter, we continue to remain debt free and the net 
cash on our balance sheet stood at a healthy $131.4 million compared with 
$146.3 million at the end of the previous quarter. This balance is after a 
dividend payout of $49 million that we did during the month of June. 
We've maintained robust collection efficiency with a total DSO of 84 days 
compared with 83 days of the previous quarter and 96 days in the same 
quarter of last year, and billed DSO came in at 58 days, while unbilled DSO 
stood at 26 days at the end of Q1. 
Our cash conversion and working capital position has also shown 
improvement during the quarter. Our free cash flow stood at about INR 220 
crores, and we saw a net release of close to INR 70 crores in working capital 
in Q1. 
In the last three years, the working capital requirements of our business has 
increased, driven by the growth we have seen in our education business as 
well as the large, fixed price deals in our Services segment. This led to a build-
up of contract assets on our balance sheet for the revenues recognized as 
per the accounting standards, while the payment milestones have not yet 
been reached. However, this has had no impact on our collection efficiency, 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 11 
which in fact has seen improvement in the last three years with the DSO 
coming in at about 83 days at the end of last fiscal in 2024 versus the position 
of 91 days where it stood at the end of fiscal '21. Additionally, we also limit the 
collection risk through appropriate commercial structures with our 
customers. Excluding these working capital changes, our net cash to free cash 
flow conversion has been in the range of 90% to 110%, which is in line with 
industry trends. 
Moving on to the operational metrics, the highlights are as follows: 
The total headcount stood at about 12,505 at the end of the quarter, a 
reduction of about 1.4%, reflecting about 183 employees compared with the 
previous quarter and this reflects an optimization of our capacity between 
full-time employees and the outsourced resources. This quarter also saw the 
completion of redeployment of the last batch of associates coming off the 
full vehicle program as indicated in the previous quarter and this led to a 50 
basis point improvement in our utilization, which stood at 86.5% during the 
quarter. We continue to focus on improving our people pyramid, and we look 
to hire strategically in some of our focused growth areas as well as 
strengthening the base of the pyramid with more campus hires. 
Trends on attrition levels continue to remain favorable as we saw our last 12-
month attrition coming down again this quarter to 13.7% compared with 14.5%, 
which it stood in Q4. The annualized attrition rate stood at about 12.8%, and 
we expect attrition to further reduce in the coming quarter. 
Regarding our mix of on-site and offshore revenues, revenues generated from 
outside our delivery centers in India and Romania and executed offshore 
improved by 130 basis points sequentially, reaching 39%. And we continue to 
implement measures to gradually enhance this metric.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 12 
In closing, I would like to summarize that our margins have remained resilient 
during the quarter reflecting a strong operating discipline. We expect 
sequential growth to pick up from Q2 onwards, supported by our healthy deal 
pipeline. We remain committed to strategically investing in key growth areas 
while also optimizing costs and improving efficiency across the organization 
to ensure that we are poised for long-term success.  
Thank you. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We will take our first question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi, good evening, Warren and Savitha. Thanks for taking my question. First 
question Warren is on demand. You mentioned in your opening remarks that 
there are isolated cases of weakness in few clients. I just wanted to 
understand what do you mean by isolated cases and what gives you the 
confidence that these are not because of the EV slowdown or more broader 
trends and then I have a follow-up? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. I think just responding to that. At an aggregate level, we're not really 
seeing any drop in demand. What we have seen over the last couple of years 
is that there are specific customer related issues that are impacting the 
quantum of investment and the speed of investment. And so, we're having to 
monitor that. But again, at an aggregate level there is little change in the 
demand environment. 
And specifically, and I think if you look at the OEMs, they're largely segregating 
into two groups those that have strong balance sheets that can invest through 
the transition in and around not just electrification but connected and shared 
and autonomous. And those organizations that do not have the ability to 
invest in the same way and they're obviously having to balance their 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 13 
investment commitments with the short-term requirements of the business. 
So, we're watching and following those trends and obviously look into as best 
we can pick the winners. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. Second question is on FY '25 outlook you indicated sequentially there 
should be acceleration from Q2, but just the arithmetic given a soft start to 
the -- in terms of probably achieving growth similar to FY '24 could be difficult. 
So, any -- I mean, do you think the assessment is correct if any color you 
would like to give us for the full year growth expectations for FY'25? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, I think what we can say is that we are confident in being able to drive 
sequential growth from the Q1 position. Q1 was not only informed by the runoff 
at VinFast, we also had some phasing issues with a couple of large projects 
that also contributed towards the solid, but somewhat flat performance of the 
services business. We don't anticipate that, that will continue and specifically 
the programs that I've referenced have now kicked off and started. 
And so, we are confident in the quarter-on-quarter growth that should see 
the business at the end of the year being much improved in terms of volumes 
from where we are today. And I think as we always do, we'll continue to work 
to monitor things as the year plays out and we'll calibrate accordingly. But 
right now, I can say that we are confident in consistent growth across the 
quarters as the fiscal year plays out. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Great. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Warren Harris: 
I appreciate it. Thanks for the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. Ms. Ruchi Mukhija can you check if your line is 
muted. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 14 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Warren, I had question on demand only. You 
report there has been some issue in a couple of large projects. Could you 
elaborate more on what kind of issues are these, are these going to persist, or 
do we see reversal of these issues and we can count on growth from these 
projects? 
Warren Harris: 
When large programs kick off particularly mid-cycle full vehicle programs, 
there's always the dynamic of setting the projects up in the appropriate way. 
There is a dependency upon the styling studio. There's a dependency upon 
on boarding suppliers at the right time and the complexity of balancing all of 
those things out very often crops a staggered start or a delayed start. And 
that's what we've seen with the programs that I've referenced, but I will repeat 
that those programs are now online, and we've got clarity in terms of what 
they mean not just now, but what our expectation is for the full year. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Secondly, one of your large peers HCL Tech called out specific weakness in 
automotive or in European geography. Is your experience suggest something 
similar? Do you expect -- or do you see any challenges specifically for your 
European clients? 
Warren Harris: 
No, somewhat to the contrary we are engaged obviously with our anchor 
customers, Tata Motors and JLR. They have had a very good set of results 
themselves in the recent past and that's informing their confidence in terms 
of capex and investment in new products.  
We announced the joint venture with BMW in -- at the beginning of the fiscal 
year. We are building out our presence in Germany and despite the fact that 
investment commitments is somewhat specific to the individual customers 
in that region, I think again at an overall level demand continues to grow. There 
is some volatility in the North American market that I think is being driven by 
concerns about the potential legislation change towards the end of the 
calendar year, but it's not having a material impact. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 15 
So, from our perspective we remain cautiously optimistic about the demand 
environment and certainly that's informed our confidence in our commitment 
to drive sequential growth from the first quarter. 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
I got you. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Moez Chandani from 
Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Moez Chandani: 
Good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was on 
your near-term outlook. Sir, do you expect growth to be gradual in Q2 and 
then accelerate forward in Q3 and Q4 or do you think that we'll be returning 
to significant sequential growth in Q2 itself. So how do you see growth coming 
in throughout the next few quarters? 
Warren Harris: 
We don't provide guidance but what I will say is that we expect growth to pick 
up and we expect growth rates to be relatively range bound. I do not 
necessarily anticipate that Q3 and Q4 will be very different than Q2. But we're 
obviously pushing hard across all of the sectors that we are operating in and 
we're engaging in a very strategic way with all of our key and focused 
customers. So, we'll be looking for opportunities to accelerate growth, but as 
of right now in terms of visibility we think that growth will be relatively 
consistent and again range bound. 
Moez Chandani: 
Got it. And also, on the BMW JV when do you start -- when do you expect it 
to start contributing to revenues? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, we expect the joint venture to be launched in the second half of this 
fiscal year. I announced in April that we have to go through regulatory 
approval. We have to confirm the seed team and confirm the leadership team 
that will run that organization. Our plans are going well. We're working through 
the work that will need to be undertaken to ensure that, that organization is 
launched in a successful way, and the impact that will have on the business. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 16 
And I think we'll have much greater visibility as we enter the second half of the 
year. So, I'm not going to comment on the impact that it will have on our 
business, but the business plan as confirmed at the beginning of April is being 
executed as we expected. And certainly, as far as timelines are concerned, 
we're confident that we're going to meet what we've committed to each other. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajiv from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv: 
Can you talk about the performance of service business ex VinFast? And also, 
can you share what is the contribution of VinFast in 1Q? And the second 
question is you have talked about the phasing issues which you have faced in 
1Q. Are all these behind or some part of it will also play out in 2Q? 
Warren Harris: 
Thanks for the question, Rajiv. I think -- if you look year-on-year as the 
business ex VinFast, we've grown the services business by close to 26%. And 
so, I think that demonstrates the momentum that we certainly enjoyed over 
the last 12 months. And I think if we look sequentially, the business ex VinFast 
is up about 1%. In large part that's the case of the challenges that we have in 
terms of the phasing of the large projects. But we certainly expect to be able 
to pick up from that in Q2, Q3 and Q4. 
Rajiv: 
Yes, that's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Nitin Sharma from M.C 
Pro Research. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Warren, how large these commercial vehicle dealings are? A broader range 
would be fine. And also, do you see a rise in the contribution from the 
commercial retail segment significantly in FY '25? 
Warren Harris: 
If I understand the question, you're asking about the commercial vehicle 
business. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 17 
Nitin Sharma: 
Just how large these deals are -- the buckets? Is it 50 million plus -- 10 to 
50... 
Warren Harris: 
Well, we're not providing specific information about the size of the deals. We 
are covered by client confidentiality agreement. But what I can say is that 
they are material and I think what I'm excited about as far as the 2 deals that 
I referenced in my opening comments. One, the cap design opportunity is a 
demonstration that our full vehicle credentials that we've established in 
passenger vehicles are applicable to the off-highway and the truck sector. 
And I'm also very excited that the commercial truck industry is really now 
starting to invest in software-defined vehicles in a way, again that we've seen 
from the passenger vehicle, et cetera. And our involvement at a middleware 
level is exciting because it really positions us centrally to help the customer 
that we're working with architect and deploy the platform from which 
Connected services will be delivered to not just the product that we are 
working on but to future products as well. 
And so, we're expecting that relationship to extend beyond one program. So, 
the sort of direction of our commercial truck business the business that we 
refer to as industrial heavy machinery is not only improving in terms of the 
Quantum revenue that it represents, it's also improving strategically. And that 
gives us confidence not just for this fiscal year but beyond. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Understood. And one book-keeping question. Is it possible for you to share 
how much was the education sub-segment revenue in rupee terms. 
Moderator: 
Sorry, sir, we cannot hear you. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Yes. One book-keeping question. Is it possible for you to share how much was 
the education sub-segment revenue in rupee terms? 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 18 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Yes. Maybe that is something that we can share with you through our 
IR team after the call. Is that okay? 
Nitin Sharma: 
Perfect. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashish from JM Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish: 
In one of your recent interactions, you did mention that FY '25 momentum. So, 
whatever you achieved in FY '25 that momentum will continue in FY '25. So, 
given that in FY '24, we did around 15% kind of a revenue growth would it be 
fair to assume that you have a reasonable amount of confidence to achieve 
that similar revenue growth run rate even in FY '25? 
Warren Harris: 
Again, we don't provide guidance -- specific guidance but what I can say is 
that we will assert what I've said previously. We expect to grow from the first 
quarter. We expect a relatively strong year this year. The visibility that we've 
got across the sectors that we are operating in gives us confidence at this 
stage that momentum will continue along calendar year 2024 and into 
calendar year 2025. So right now, we're not seeing any drop in the demand 
environment. And so, we'll continue to invest in order to be able to take full 
advantage of that. 
Ashish: 
Fair enough. Sir, incrementally, anything on the semiconductor business if you 
could share because Tata Electronics is setting up a unit along with PSMC. Is 
there a certain role that we also have to play? Is there an opportunity that you 
see? 
Warren Harris: 
When we look at the semiconductor sector. There’re 2 areas of interest for us 
in terms of value that we expect to deliver. One is in smart manufacturing. 
There is a significant opportunity here in India not just with the group but with 
the potential that is building in and around semiconductors. And we think that 
the skill sets that we've established in sectors like automotive are fungible to 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 19 
the semiconductor industry. We are also excited about the fact that as OEMs 
look to bring down their cost and control the type of capability that will inform 
future products, they're looking to vertically integrate software and 
electronics, which includes silicon. And we are in some fairly exciting 
discussions with some of our customers that will look to leverage the product 
from organizations like Tata Electronics in a packaged way in support of future 
product development. 
Ashish: 
Fair enough. And lastly, on Airbus anything you would like to show in terms of 
timeline as to when we can see the commercial ramp-up benefiting us? 
Warren Harris: 
What we've seen at Airbus, we've seen growth in the first quarter from the 
second half of last fiscal year. We expect that to continue in Q2 and also in 
H2. And not only are we looking to discharge the current order book at Airbus, 
as you can imagine, we're also looking for additional opportunities and we're 
in discussions with Airbus in different parts of the world about those 
opportunities. 
We're excited about the Airbus relationship, but we're also excited about the 
aerospace sector. I referenced in my comments the deal that we've secured 
with an aircraft seat manufacturer the business class and first-class seating 
manufacturer. And that organization is looking to leverage our support to build 
an ODC here in India. And I think the opportunity that represents is not just 
an opportunity for us to increase our aerospace volumes it represents 
obviously diversification from the relationship that we've got with Airbus and 
that's something that we expect to build upon. 
Ashish: 
So, in all segments, the Airbus deal can be as larger to all VinFast was to us 
then you go that's a fair assumption? 
Warren Harris: 
No, I certainly think that the potential with Airbus is there for us to grow 
significantly. But one of the things that I would caution you on is that the 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 20 
aerospace industry is a highly regulated industry. And so, one has to 
demonstrate process and capability compliance before one is entrusted to 
be able to take on at different and bigger engagements. And so, we're working 
very closely with Airbus to demonstrate what we are capable of. And as 
confidence builds, then obviously, we will look to extend our current ambition. 
Ashish: 
And sir, last question, if I may. This for Savitha, ma'am. You said on margins -- 
like to maintain margins for FY'25. So, are you benchmarking FY'24 exit margins 
or first quarter FY'25 margin? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Well, the margins between first quarter and the full year '24 are not too 
far apart. So obviously, let's take the higher one as a target for the year, and 
that's really what we want to try and aim towards. And as we see progress of 
business growth and pipeline during the year, we will see other opportunities 
that evolve as well before we move into fiscal’25. 
Ashish: 
This helps thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is just on the utilization rates. It's pretty healthy, 
86.5%. And you mentioned that you're redeploying employees more 
efficiently in the firm. Just trying to understand how you're thinking about 
hiring outlook for FY'25. And in the past few years, what has been sort of the 
maximum utilization rate that you've been able to achieve. So just trying to 
understand, so the interplay between hiring and utilization in our sort of 
efficiency and margin journey going forward? 
Warren Harris: 
Just in terms of utilization, I'll make some comments, and then I'll invite 
Sukanya, our Chief Operating Officer to come in and talk about the work that 
we're doing, not just in the area of utilization, but also in other areas of 
operational efficiency. I think the utilization rates that we achieved in Q1 are 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 21 
close to the optimum levels of utilization that we're going to look to drive 
inside of our business. 
When we look at utilization, we obviously look at it at an aggregate level, but 
we also look to analyze utilization, both onshore and offshore, there's more 
work that I think that we can do onshore rather in terms of improvements in 
utilization. But I think for the most part, we're close to an optimum level in our 
offshore center. 
Sukanya Sadasivan: Yes. Thank you, Warren. And I think I'd just like to add there that while we are 
focusing on utilization, I think the important part is also to look at how the 
whole demand is shaping up and as the focus area has changed, there is going 
to be capability building investments that we need to continuously do so that 
we can repurpose a lot of our workforce to the new area. 
So, there will be some more hiring that we will do, and also look at optimizing 
our pyramids. So, it will be a combination of GETs that we will hire as well as 
look at augmenting the capability by looking at recruiting for certain areas and 
at the same time, having a focus on the utilization. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
That's helpful. My second question is just as you look at how you're 
building your business for the next few years. If you were to split your key 
areas of activity into aerospace, education, industrial, automotive. Just trying 
to understand where you see the maximum opportunity and potential for the 
company to capitalize on growth, like if you were to sort of divide the business 
into these 4 buckets, just trying to understand what your rank order of 
opportunity set would be amongst these key buckets? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, it's a good question. I think if we look at demand across the different 
sectors, I think if we look at percentage growth, aerospace is perhaps the 
sector that represents the larger opportunity because we're coming up such 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 22 
a pretty small base. I also think that the investments that we've made in 
aerospace in the last 2 years to 3 years, we've really not yet fully harvested. 
And so, I think if we look 12 months, 18 months, 2 years from now, I would 
certainly expect the aerospace business to make a bigger percentage 
contribution than it does today. But the core of our business is automotive, 
and it will continue to be. And if you look at automotive, despite the volatility 
from a sales perspective, the R&D investment in the transformation that is 
going on in automotive that continues to excite us, not just in the short term, 
but medium and long term. 
The industry is going through a once in a generation transformation and the 
investments that are being made in autonomous driving in the move to 
alternative propulsion systems. And in the move to connected and software-
defined vehicles will drive a significant demand for engineers and for the 
services that organizations like ourselves provide. So we'll be focused on 
taking advantage of that work at the same time and looking to take advantage 
of our footprint in aerospace and the opportunity that is there. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
That's helpful. And my last question is just trying to understand sort of 
the VinFast, little bit it looks like we are now coming towards the end of 
whatever the customer-specific changes are in their outlook. So just trying to 
understand, are we now at sort of close to 0 level contribution from VinFast. 
Is there a very minimal sort of maintenance revenue that will continue there? 
Just trying to understand how to sort of now piece that out and start analyzing 
the rest of the business? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. At VinFast, as I commented, we've completed the 2 vehicles that we were 
responsible for. We're very proud of those 2 vehicles. VinFast will launch the 
vehicles this year, and we think that those vehicles will have a significant 
impact on the markets in which they are launched. The product development 
work is largely concluded. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
| 23 
They are moving to a focus upon building the products that we've engineered 
for them. We'll continue at a relatively modest level to support that. And as 
their fortunes are confirmed in and around the success of the products that 
they are selling in different parts of the world, we expect them to at some 
point in the future, invest in extending their portfolio. 
At that point, we will have the opportunity, I think, to compete for similar types 
of projects that we've delivered in the last couple of years. But as of right now, 
the only visibility that we've got is to maintain a relatively small footprint with 
VinFast, and we expect that to continue in the coming quarters. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
That's helpful. Thank you very much, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia for closing comments. Over to you. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We hope we've been able 
to answer most of your questions. If there are any further questions, please 
do get in touch with the Investor Relations team, and we'll be happy to answer 
your questions. Goodbye from all of us here at the management team. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Tata Technologies, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
