                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 215 Atrium, C Wing, 8th Floor, 819-
821, Andheri Kurla Road, Chakala, Andheri East, Chakala 
Midc, Mumbai- 400093, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: 91 22 61539999
Corporate Office: # 202, A-Wing, Galaxy Towers, Plot 
No.1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, TSIIC, Raidurg, 
Hyderabad - 500081 Telangana, India 
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 / 3311
Email: info@suvenpharm.com I Website: www.suvenpharm.com I CIN: L24299MH2018PLC422236 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2024-25 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 conducted after 
the meeting of Board of Directors held on August 09, 2024. 
 
The 
above 
information 
has 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://suvenpharm.com/financial-info/  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Himanshu Agarwal 
Chief Financial Officer 
HIMANSHU 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
HIMANSHU AGARWAL 
Date: 2024.08.14 
15:29:34 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 09, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suven Pharmaceuticals 
Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing "*" 
and then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho from Suven 
Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thanks, Dorvin. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you all on our Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Let me introduce you to our management team here. Mr. Annaswamy Vaidheesh – 
Executive Chairman, Dr. Prasada Raju – Managing Director, Dr. Sudhir Kumar Singh 
– CEO and Mr. Himanshu Agarwal – our CFO. 
After our “Opening Remarks”, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Now, I hand over the call to our Managing Director – Dr. Prasada for his “Opening 
Remarks”. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Cyndrella. A very good evening to everyone. We extend a warm welcome 
to all on our Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
In terms of the macro industry dynamics, we continue to witness deal wins in favor 
to CDMO industry. Customer sentiment remains positive towards India, driven by 
supply chain de-risking and industry macro. This continues to drive our confidence 
in medium-to-long-term growth. 
To give you a few perspectives about Pharma CDMO: 
Our strategic orientation towards deepening and widening our pipeline is yielding 
results. Healthy inflow of RFQs, we continue to see higher momentum of inflows of 
RFQs which is attributed to consistent efforts by the management, commercial team 
and R&D supported by a positive industry macro. We remain focused and work with 

 
Page 2 of 11 
 
our customers to convert these RFQs meaningfully. RFQs received with a healthy 
mix of mid phase to lateral phase projects including commercials. Our BD team has 
also secured RFQs from a few new customers across US, Europe and Japan, 
covering both Pharma CDMO as well as AgChem, highlighting our strategic 
emphasis on broadening our customer reach. 
We are also deepening our R&D engagement with our customers receiving RFQs 
for expanded product categories, effective of efforts in the right direction for Suven. 
Our current Phase-3 pipeline includes seven molecules translating into 13 
intermediates. We are geared up to meet customers increasing demand for 
backward integration by utilizing our existing capacities. In summary, we expect 
growth from the second half of FY25. 
Moving on to Specialty Chemicals and AgChem: 
As mentioned in our previous update, we are leveraging the AgChem downcycle to 
our advantage, converting our specialty chemical service line into a new dedicated 
strategic business unit. In line with this, we have started investing on onboarding 
domain experts and operating partners in this space who can bring expertise and 
experience. 
Our Vizag plant is now dedicated to specialty and AgChem facility, investing in 
differentiated capabilities for specialty and AgChem business, focused on initiatives 
to drive continuous improvements including instrumentation, automation while 
implementing best practices of EHS. 
Within the AgChem segment, demand recovery has been slower than expected, but 
we continue to expect growth based on the demand recovery during the second part 
of the current financial year and beyond. We will have to wait for another quarter to 
get complete clarity from our customers on the AgChem side of it. 
Moving on to our strategic intent and the commitment what we have 
communicated to all of you in the past Earnings Calls on our acquisitions: 
Sapala acquisition, we have also completed the first phase by acquiring 51% of the 
state on a fully diluted basis, which implies 67.5% on a current equity basis. We also 
started working very closely and number consolidation is expected from Q2 of this 
financial year. As we integrate, we have also started engaging with all the critical 
customers of Sapala and are also exploring cross-pollination opportunities. 
What we realized, one of the important growth drivers for technology platform of 
Oligonucleotides and Sapala is to have a GMP facility which is contemporariness to 
unlock the future opportunities. Hence, we are also crafting a plan towards the GMP 
facility. In the coming quarters, we will come back with more details around it. 
Now, I wish to give a brief business perspective on Cohance: 
As stated in their Investor Presentation, Cohance is back on the growth. ADC 
segment, Cohance is receiving more enquiries on new adjacent platform payloads 
and the new orders are also on track. The CDMO segment is expected to grow YoY 
in FY25 with shipment schedules largely towards second-half of the year with insight 
purchase orders in hand. 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Coming to API Plus: 
Cohance is experiencing demand recovery. It is evident by the fact that it delivered 
22% of YoY growth in Q1 and the order book remains healthy to deliver growth on a 
full year basis. 
In Summary: 
There is no change in the outlook as we have communicated in the past. Q1 has 
been in line with our expectation, while Q2 will see a muted growth. As we mentioned 
earlier, we will deliver growth on a full-year basis versus last year. 
The key strategic initiatives are pretty much on track with the right inputs that what 
we have defined, and we wish to reiterate our aim to double the combined business 
organically over the next five years and M&A to act as a growth accelerator. 
With this, now I would like to request Himanshu Agarwal – our CFO, to walk you 
through our financial performance and provide further updates to you. Thank you. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada. Good evening, everyone. In Q1 FY25, Suven generated a 
free cash flow of Rs.33 crore with the cash and bank balance now at Rs. 64 crore at 
the end of '25. 
Overall, the Company's revenue declined by 34% YoY. The Pharma CDMO segment 
is expected to deliver growth in FY25 shipment schedules largely towards the 
second-half of FY25. Gross margins improved by 157 bps YoY driven by the 
improved business mix. Adjusted EBITDA margins were at 38%, while adjusted PAT 
were at 28%, reflecting our current investments aimed at steering Suven for the next 
growth chapter. EBITDA also has a one-time cost of 35.7 million, which is largely the 
ESOP. Factoring for which the reported EBITDA margins for Q1 stood at 35.5%. 
We have till date incurred Rs.22 crore on Phase-I for the R&D center at Genome 
Valley, which has been in operation since June '24. The roll CAPEX for the current 
quarter stands at Rs. 27.4 crore. 
As informed earlier, our formulations plant, which is a Casper unit, which is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Suven was audited by the USFDA and we received two 
procedural observations. 
We have also appointed new statutory auditors, Grant Thornton, as well as the 
internal auditors Ernst & Young, reflecting our commitment to strengthening 
governance and internal control. 
Regarding the proposed merger with Cohance, we would be pleased to note that we 
have received approvals from the stock exchange and SEBI. We have submitted our 
petition to Hon'ble NCLT Mumbai bench, and we are awaiting the hearing date. 
Subject to regulatory approvals, we expect the completion of this activity in the next 
seven to 10 months. 
According to Cohance, in its distinction we have achieved a revenue of Rs.252 crore 
growing at 10% YoY with adjusted EBITDA margins of 20%. The API-plus business 
reported a growth of 22% YoY. 

 
Page 4 of 11 
 
On a pro forma basis, combined Suven and Cohance Q1 FY25 revenue was at Rs. 
483 crore and gross margins being at 67.3%. The adjusted EBITDA stood at Rs. 136 
crore with EBITDA margins at 28% and adjusted PAT being at Rs. 84 crore. 
Cohance has also invested Rs. 41 crore in a new facility in Vizag bought from Avra 
Synthesis. This capacity will add to our basic and intermediate supplies, increasing 
our flexibility towards backward integration. 
Overall, as mentioned by Dr. Prasada, Cohance is back on a growth path, and we 
expect the trend to continue for the remainder of the year. At a combined platform 
level, we anticipate growth in the second-half of FY25 with YoY growth in both 
revenue and EBITDA and further growth acceleration from FY26 onwards. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Mira from Skylark Investments. Please go ahead. 
Mira: 
What steps are we taking to convert the increased RFQs into confirmed orders? Are 
there any challenges you foresee in the process? What is the long-term vision for 
the new agrochemical SBU? And how does it fit into Suven's overall growth strategy? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Mira, for asking this question. RFQ as you understand, there are three 
important elements. One is our abilities to respond on time and write cost and 
schedule in line with the customer expectation. As we discussed in our previous 
earning calls, we have also strengthened our back-end team on project proposal 
making and also created dedicated teams for us to be able to respond on time. We 
also have mutual conversations with our customers to get feedback before the 
decision is made. So, that is the extent of relationship is also being nurtured further. 
With all these things, we expect definitely a meaningful and healthy RFQ conversion; 
however, as all of us understand, based on the design of the business, some of the 
RFQs which are at mid-stage might take 2.5-3 months’ time and something can take 
a little early. However, the majority of the RFQs have already been responded to and 
we only expect customer decisions to come in. Second question, what you were 
mentioning about specialty chemicals, how it will fit into your larger thinking of the 
growth and how it will strategically fit into. Enough deliberations that we have made. 
A few things that we wanted to accomplish. It's no more a separate service line of 
the business. We also had a candid conversation, thanks to our customer and a 
partner who has given feedback saying that the entire mindset is different, and the 
skill set needs for specialty and AgChem is different than pharma, while science 
remains same. We knew this, but we were only waiting for a right time to come in. 
We felt when the business is in the process of recovery, we have an option to clearly 
invest our time and effort to separate it out. With this, we can stay completely relevant 
to our customer, and we also can invest time and effort to have continuous 
improvement mindset and also highest level of efficiencies that is needed for us to 
be extremely relevant in the specialty chemical industry. With this, our opportunities 
of going further deeper with existing customers will be much better, hence it also 
secures our future growth as we have also decided that while the Pharma CDMO 
becomes one of the important growth drivers, specialty chemical business remains 
as one of the biggest priorities going forward. By earmarking this as an independent 
BU, which gives enough focus, that's the reason we have agreed to decide this step. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity International. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Madhav: 
I have two questions. First one was on Cohance margins in Q1. Maybe I lack some 
basic understanding, is it that there is some seasonality in the business that Q1 is 
generally softer and then because of operating leverage towards stronger, is that it 
or there is margin pressure for Cohance? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
If we understand correctly, Madhav, your question is primarily is the Q1 lower and 
the margin pressure is there on Cohance, is what your question, Madhav? 
Madhav: 
Yes, exactly. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, it's a design of the business and we don't expect any full year basis impact which 
can adversely create a trouble to us. It is slightly better than our plan and we don't 
expect any challenges both in terms of phasing as well as material margin. However, 
QoQ business mix changes, that's the reason you see it and it is not a right reference 
point to judge this business on a quarterly basis. 
Madhav: 
Because now if I look at FY21 to '24 full year margins have been 29% to 32% and 
Q1 was 19.5%. So, I was just trying to understand that maybe this quarter is of the 
reflection we should look at for? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
One more additional point, Madhav. In this quarter the mix of API plus is higher than 
the CDMO. CDMO mix is going to be improved towards the latter part of the year. 
That's way to look at it. 
Madhav: 
So, Cohance full year margins will remain in that same 30% range what we have 
delivered last 4-5 years, so there's no change in that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It will be same, or it will be slightly better. 
Madhav: 
And also, the second question was on the ADC products that we are working on. 
Could you just help me understand is it the right understanding that we have two 
commercialized products in ADC which we are supplying right now? The pipeline we 
have one Phase-III product in ADC, is that right or something different? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Your first understanding is correct. We are supplying warheads to two commercially 
approved products and two projects are in the pipeline now. 
Madhav: 
And these are in what phase are we in, like, is it Phase-III, Phase-II or where are 
they exactly? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
One is at the advanced stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akanksha from RBC Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akanksha: 
My question is what synergies do you surge from the Sapala Organics acquisition 
and how will it be integrated? You mentioned you have a higher momentum of RFQs 
with a 2X increase compared to the same period last year. What specific factors are 
driving this surge in the RFQ's? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Synergies on Sapala as we have alluded during our merger time, predominantly the 
cross-pollination of the customer is one important factor that we have considered 
and we also seem to have a similar kind of a reception, we have started meeting all 
the customers. And whatever assumption that we made pre-acquisition is still valid. 
Second, on the RFQ point, there are three things which are changing. As you 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 
understand globally the clinical trial trend is substantially increasing and public 
domain information says coming closer to 22,900 is the closure number where 
clinical trials are happening, out of which 52% remains in the small molecules. That 
is definitely one important good news. And when we compare with '23 to '24 number, 
the number of small molecule in the pipeline has also increased by upwards of 15-
plus percentage. This is one important factor which is definitely helping us to 
generate more RFQs. Second point, there is also a sentiment towards geopolitical 
issues and towards India. That is also favoring not just to us, to the entire Indian 
CDMO industry, which is also helping. Third, our internal actions of increasing our 
commercial effort and business development effort including the back end which we 
are trying to be much closer to the customer, is also helping us to have more number 
of RFQs coming to us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bandhan Live. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
So, we have talked about continued momentum in RFQs. Can you share more 
perspective on kind of projects a qualitative perspective on RFQs that we are 
receiving versus kind of projects that we are having in existing Pharma CDMO 
business? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
I would request our CEO, Dr. Sudhir to respond to your question. 
Dr. Sudhir K Singh: 
I think in the previous commentary what you heard from Dr. Prasada that these are 
the combination and mix of both early phase development and late phase and 
commercial as well. What you are talking about momentum, see if you do not have 
an early phase, you don't develop the pipeline. So, basically what we're trying to do 
is develop a pipeline of more projects from the early phase. However, as he said that 
since we started our commercial engine a couple of months back and that has started 
seeing results in terms of RFQs. So, we have started seeing RFQs from the new 
customers as well. 
Varun Bang: 
So, I actually wanted more qualitative perspective on the RFQ that are coming versus 
existing CDMO projects that we are working on? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, it's a more or less similar in line, but there are also new avenues which are also 
what we are able to experience , but, Varun, you should allow us to come back to 
you once something becomes real. We see some change in the RFQs especially in 
line with the new therapy indications, which are growing substantially, we see some 
change in the mix; however, it's too early for us to comment. 
Varun Bang: 
From a commercial standpoint, how do you see them versus existing pipeline that 
we have? Are they the same as existing pipeline or will they be more lucrative from 
a margin standpoint if they eventually scale in volumes? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Indeed, yes. But again, we go back to same thing, Varun, I think you should allow us 
for some more time. 
Varun Bang: 
Can you share more perspective or let's say more color on the kind of projects that 
we are looking at which is going to drive growth in H2? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It's a combination of both the commercial as well as some of the reloads and the new 
RFQs. And for existing products we have purchase orders in hand. It's a question of 
our abilities to deliver. That gives us confidence that H2 will be much more assured 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 
for getting the growth coming back to us. However, there are some projects where 
we have to win some of the RFQs. It's a combination of both. 
Varun Bang: 
And any thoughts on dividend policy, isn't it more prudent to have a dividend payout 
policy, how is management and board looking at it? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, Varun, we articulated the dividend policy and it's kind of there on the investors 
section. Obviously as we all understand the dividend is a function of the cash, and 
cash is a function of how you deploy it, whether you deploy in new technologies and 
increase the business versus you give it out as a dividend. As you will have noticed, 
we have done a strategic investment of Sapala which right now there has been 
discussion about what are the synergies and what is the benefit that the business 
will get. So, we feel that there is a very clear direction from a long-term technology 
deployment, and we feel that is the right opportunity for us to use the cash that is 
there. However, having said that, there is a very clearly articulated dividend policy 
that's available on the website. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Chawla from RTL Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Jatin Chawla: 
My first question is you spoken about RFQs last quarter and this quarter as well. I 
just wanted to understand broadly at an industry level what sort of timeline is there 
from this RFQ to getting firm orders? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
We can actually give you a little broader perspective from an industry standpoint 
because RFQs can be from, let's say, early phase and to mid phase to late phase. 
Early phase can be a four to six weeks and mid phase can be six to eight weeks and 
eight to twelve weeks is the late phase. That's a normal industry trend. We also 
expect the same thing to happen to us as well. 
Jatin Chawla: 
So, broadly then over a three-month period the outer limit for the commercials is 
eight to twelve weeks, so over a three-month period, there should be some decisions 
that you should see. So, when you talk to us next quarter, we would have some 
decisions on these RFQs that you have seen and some news on orders as well? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Your understanding is absolutely right. It is an ongoing process. Definitely wherever 
we see some improvements, whatever becomes real to us, certainly, we will bring 
this information back to all of you. 
Jatin Chawla: 
My second question is on the ADC side. You said there are two projects in pipeline 
and one at an advanced stage, this is Cohance. Are both these projects in pipeline 
for the existing warhead for the existing ADC or Is there something for the new one? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, it's a combination of customized payloads and also existent payloads. At this 
point in time, both the things are showing a lot of interest, and as we are speaking, 
we are on one of the adjacent payloads we are in advanced stage of discussion with 
one innovator Company. And certainly, once it becomes real, this information can be 
shared appropriately. But definitely, we see a lot of traction then what It was a quarter 
before. 
Jatin Chawla: 
The next question is on the agri side. What gives you the confidence that things will 
really recover in the second-half? I can see for your pharma side that you have firm 
orders in hand, and you are seeing a very strong RFQ pipeline. On the agri side what 
is really driving this confidence that second-half onwards we should start seeing 
growth come back? 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Jatin, I think it's a very valid question. So, before we sort out and we will solve for our 
growth, we have to solve for the macro changes, whether it is destocking, whether it 
is El Niño impact or whether it is drought in other part of the countries, coupled with 
our customer growth, then our growth can come into. What we learnt from our 
customers is one of the important projects we are able to see some level of openness 
where they wanted to look for volumes coming in this year to next year, where 
definitely the demand is coming back to us. That is one important factor that we are 
doing. And definitely with the easiness of destocking, which is coming almost to the 
closure stage, the demand will definitely improve. So, it's a function of market and 
customer which both we see a positive sign. 
Jatin Chawla: 
And just one quick clarification. In your initial remarks you said you expect growth for 
the full year in the Pharma CDMO piece. In the combined pharma plus agri also, do 
you expect growth in the full year, this is excluding Cohance? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, overall CDMO. Suven is going to grow by end of this full year. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sangeeta Agarwal from Jain & Co. Please 
go ahead. 
S Agarwal: 
My question is also on RFQ. So, in RFQs, what are the categories wherein we are 
seeing expansion to commercialization stage. Could you just explain that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Ma'am, can you just elaborate what exactly do you mean by categories? 
S Agarwal: 
Different illnesses basically that's what I am looking at. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, predominantly again oncology is the key driving force and there are some 
products which are also coming as orphan drug products. Because of these two, 
there are some products which are already having a fast-track approval. 
Predominantly, these are all the few things as of today we have. Apart from that 
recently, we have also started getting RFQs other than this category as well, but it is 
too early to comment right now, but maybe a quarter and two quarters later, once we 
it becomes real, we can come back to you. 
S Agarwal: 
So, any breakup you can give? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Not exactly at this stage, ma'am. It's too early to comment. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankit Shah from Canara Robeco Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Shah: 
So, firstly a clarification. So, can you elaborate whether this one product you are in 
talks with an innovator Company, is it in existing client and if you could share whether 
it's like a Phase-II, Phase-III or commercial product that you can give that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
In which segment, Ankit? 
Ankit Shah: 
Under ADC, the one pipeline product you said you are in talk with an innovator 
Company. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, it's a newly onboarded innovator Company.  
Ankit Shah: 
And is it a Phase-III product or it's a commercialized product? 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
We will come back, but it is definitely at an advanced stage. As you understand, 
Ankit, just to let you know to the point what Sangeeta madam also has asked the 
same question, when we say some of the products which are in oncology segment, 
history says majority of the oncology segment products are either a fast-track 
approval or a breakthrough therapy. So, obviously the time to market is much faster 
than the usual traditional product. Hence, once we have a view, definitely we will 
come back to you saying that this is what the current status is, but definitely It is 
going in the right direction. 
Ankit Shah: 
My second question relates to Suven's CDMO business. So, in the presentation you 
have mentioned there are seven molecules which are in Phase-III. Is there any 
visibility on commercialization on any of these in next one year, do you see anyone 
moving into commercialization? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Ankit, we have to follow the customers very closely. Again, we have to qualify our 
statement. What we heard from our customers at least two molecules readouts are 
expected in FY24. That's what we learned. If anything is better known to us, we will 
certainly inform you. 
Ankit Shah: 
So, you mean FY25? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Yes. 
Ankit Shah: 
And the next couple of clarifications. Firstly, the working capital days for Suven 
Pharma have increased to 127 days. So, any particular reason, sequentially, it has 
risen? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, Ankit, as we speak, we had certain delays from a receipt of supplies with the 
customers given the situation in the Red Sea and the Gulf area, so the shipments 
got delayed, and as a result the customers who pay us on site, the recoveries 
happened in the month of July. So, almost Rs. 100 crore of debt has been received 
as of 31st July. So, that's been a bit of an aberration because of the way the quarter 
ended. Nothing else as a reason. 
Ankit Shah: 
Essentially it is normalized as of July 31st. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Yes, it has. 
Ankit Shah: 
One data point. In the last presentation for Cohance you had given the share of gross 
profit from the CDMO segment. Is it something that you can share this quarter as 
well? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, on that, we will come back to you. 
Ankit Shah: 
So, we had acquired Sapala, but any other acquisitions that you are looking for, any 
other white spaces that you feel you need more capabilities and anything in the 
pipeline that you have right now on acquisitions? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, Ankit, if I may come in, definitely that's one of important strategic and lever to us 
to see to it that how Suven growth can be accelerated. Definitely, we have landed 
up in the Oligonucleotide space right now and we are also looking for other 
adjacencies and we have also strengthened our M&A team further. And when we 
come back with a specific instrument of investment, definitely we will come back to 
you. Our endeavor is to look at unique technology platforms which can accelerate 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
the combined organization growth and also help us to stay completely relevant to 
our customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Darshit Shah: 
So, I heard that now in the Suven CDMO out of seven molecules, two molecules 
data is to be read out in FY25. Also, these are for the intermediate. So, earlier also 
we were in talks to kind of value migrate to API with our existing as well as new 
innovator companies. So, anything that is on our advanced stage for that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
We have actually provided all the insights, but as of today the majority of the 
opportunities are coming on the registered starting material to GMP intermediates 
and we don't seem to have so many API enquiries coming in. However, we have 
actually given our proposal, and our customer is evaluating potentially to consider 
appropriately. We do have the capability that has been explicitly understood by our 
customers, but a decision is awaited. However, all the RFQs what we are getting are 
not in API space. 
Darshit Shah: 
Just if I look at your aspiration which we are highlighting to grow the combined 
business to double in next five years, so that works out to be around 15%, 16% 
CAGR. It seems to be pretty low like for both the companies if we look at historical 
for four, five years, both the companies have kind of grown at 20%, 25% CAGR. So, 
are we not seeing enough green shoots or are we being too conservative because 
we are the minority shareholders probably are a little far higher growth with Advent 
kind of coming and combining this business and all. So, where am I missing if you 
can kind of throw some light on that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Internally, what we intend to communicate is our strategic direction. However, 
whenever we see improvements coming in, definitely, we will come back and 
communicate how we can further accelerate. And definitely our aspirations are 
higher and better, but we prefer to commit and deliver our promise to all of us. 
Darshit Shah: 
And actually, the earlier Management anyway didn't guide anything, but they kind of 
delivered without any commitment or guidance. But happy to kind of have at least 
some guidance from the new management. But hope you kind of deliver far better 
than what you are aspiring. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
You can be rest assured the Company has very strong fundamentals strategy and 
also we have rebooted whatever is important for the organization both on R&D side 
and commercial side. We are able to see how we are deepening our pipeline and 
bringing a very, very healthy pipeline not just for a few years to come in and decades 
to come in. As a management team, we feel extremely strong about delivering what 
we are committing. In mid-term to long-term. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dheeresh from WhiteOak. Please go ahead. 
Dheeresh: 
Just to confirm my understanding, did you say that for full year you will grow in the 
pharma entity will have a growth on top line and EBITDA? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
That's right. Absolutely. 
Dheeresh: 
In Cohance, there is a growth in revenue, but you are saying API plus has grown 
22%. That means Cohance CDMO has degrown in this quarter? 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
If I have to say that was set to have that record the same kind of growth and it was 
not a surprise, it's more of a cyclical nature of the business. They have secured the 
purchase orders, but deliveries are predominantly scheduled in H2. Hence, the 
overall combined platform level of Cohance on a full-year basis, it will be same or 
better than the last year from a CDMO mix standpoint. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi: 
Sorry to be asking the guidance question, but just to understand the Suven guidance 
better, so if you match or do better versus last year on a full year basis, that would 
largely be driven by CDMO business, is my understanding correct or do you believe 
that this specialty also can come back substantially to match at least last year's 
levels? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Currently, your understanding is correct. Currently, within the CDMO, Pharma 
CDMO is going to be the primary driver to deliver our promise in the current year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Thank you, everyone for joining and we wish to talk to you in 
next quarter. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
