 
 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
The Manager - Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: WIPRO) 
 
The Manager - Listing 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 507685) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting 
 
Please find attached herewith copy of the transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting 
held 
on 
July 
19, 
2024. 
The 
audio 
recording 
of 
the 
same 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.wipro.com/investors/quarterly-results/.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Wipro Limited 
 
 
 
 
G Kothandaraman 
General Manager- Finance 
Gopalakrishnan 
Kothandarama
n
Digitally signed by 
Gopalakrishnan 
Kothandaraman 
Date: 2024.07.22 
15:59:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
 
 
 
“Wipro Limited Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINI PALLIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, WIPRO LIMITED 
MS. APARNA IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
WIPRO LIMITED 
MR. SAURABH GOVIL – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER, WIPRO LIMITED 
MR. DIPAK BOHRA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE TREASURER & INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
WIPRO LIMITED 
 
 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Wipro Limited Q1 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dipak Bohra – Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasurer 
and Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Dipak Bohra: 
Thank you, Yashashree. A Warm Welcome to our Q1 Financial Year ‘25 Earnings Call. 
We will begin the call with the “Business Highlights and Overview by Srini Pallia, our Chief 
Executive Officer and Managing Director,” followed by “Updates on Financial Overview by our 
CFO, Aparna Iyer.” We also have our CHRO, Saurabh Govil on this call. Afterwards, the 
operator will open the bridge for Q&A with our management team. 
Before Srini starts, let me draw your attention to the fact that during this call, we may make 
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act 1995. These statements are based on management current expectations and are 
associated with uncertainties and risks which may cause the actual results to differ materially 
from those expected. The uncertainties and risk factor are explained in our detailed filing with 
the SEC. Wipro does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements to 
reflect events and circumstances after the date of filing. The conference call will be archived, 
and a transcript will be available on our website. 
With that, I would like to turn over the call to Srini. 
Srini Pallia: 
Thanks, Dipak. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining me and my leadership team for our first 
quarter results for the Financial Year 2024-25. 
In these past 90-days I have travelled across our markets, meeting clients, employees and 
engaging with partners and stakeholders. With each conversation, my appreciation of our 
business has deepened and my confidence in our team has grown stronger. It’s truly inspiring to 
witness the trust our clients have placed in Wipro. 
Additionally, I have been able to hone the focus of our “Five Strategic Priorities” that I shared 
with you last quarter. I will provide you with an update on this shortly. 
But let me first start with the “Financial Highlights for the Quarter”: 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
In Q1, we did not see a significant shift in the demand environment. Clients remain cautious and 
our discretionary spending continues to be muted. Our IT services revenue for Q1 was US2.63 
billion, reflecting a sequential decrease of 1% in constant currency, which was within our guided 
range for the quarter. The operating margin was 16.5%, an increase of 0.1% over the last quarter. 
Let me now provide you with some color on how our SMUs performed in Q1 and our industry 
sectors. I will begin with Americas 1 which delivered a sequential growth of 0.4% in Q1. You 
may recall that Americas 1 had a good year in Financial Year 2024 with the health and 
technology sectors leading the way. We now see momentum in the consumer and 
communication sectors also. 
Americas 2 had a sequential decline of 0.7%, but BFSI performed well, achieving a sequential 
growth of 1.4% in Q1 with a year-on-year growth of 12.1% in Q1. Bookings in Americas 2, we 
are optimistic about returning to growth in this market in the medium-term. In Q1, we also 
maintain positive momentum in our Capco business, achieving a sequential growth of 3.4%. 
However, Europe and APMEA remained soft for us, with sequential decline of 1.4% and 4.2% 
respectively. Our pipeline in Europe remains healthy and our primary focus there will be on 
improving conversion. We are reviewing our strategy for APMEA and we will keep you 
informed of our progress in the upcoming quarters. 
Among industry sectors, we had varied performance. Banking and financial services retained its 
positive momentum from last quarter, and we have now seen growth in this sector for two 
consecutive quarters. This sector grew 0.5% sequentially in Q1. 
Driven by deal flow, the consumer business grew by 1.6% this quarter. However, manufacturing 
and energy and utility sectors continue to show weakness for us, experiencing sequential decline 
of 3% and 6.3% respectively. 
Moving to order booking, our overall bookings TCV for the quarter was US3.3 billion with large 
deal TCV of US1.2 billion. 
Now, let me “Update you on the Progress” we have made on the “Five Strategic Priorities” that 
I outlined last quarter: 
#1. If you recall, we discussed prioritizing large deals as a clear area of focus. We are driving 
large deal creation systematically across our client base. We are shaping these opportunities by 
proactively engaging with influencers and partners. As a result, our pipeline for large deals 
remains robust. Once again, we had a quarter where our large deal bookings exceeded US1 
billion. Our success in securing 10 large deals in Q1 was a key factor that made this possible. 
Let me call out two of the deals that we signed in Q1. The first is with a US-based communication 
services provider where we were chosen for a five-year contract to provide managed services 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
for select products and building industry-specific solutions. You’d have already heard about this 
in the media. 
The second win is in the automotive segment in manufacturing. A US-based OEM has selected 
us to streamline their global infrastructure services. We will develop a solution leveraging both 
automation and AI to improve user experience and reduce operating costs. 
#2. Our next area of focus, which I had called out, is to strengthen our relationships with our 
major clients and strategic partners. We are investing in our established strategic accounts and 
high potential accounts. Our focus will be on these clients within our priority sectors and markets 
we have defined internally. We will further strengthen our capabilities in consulting, delivery 
and solutioning in these accounts. 
In addition, we are actively collaborating with hyperscalers and strategic partners to co-innovate 
and develop unique propositions for our clients. 
In fact, I would like to emphasize that even in an otherwise soft demand environment, our 
revenue from top ten accounts have grown 1.3% sequentially and 3.8% year-on-year in constant 
currency terms. 
Another key priority I had previously highlighted is to develop AI-powered industry and cross-
industry solutions using a consulting-led approach. Clearly, our goal here is to help clients 
transform their business and operating models using the power of AI. We are also actively 
strengthening and accelerating our industry consulting capabilities to support this. We continue 
to build cross-industry solutions that will deliver value to clients across our horizontal play. 
Let me give you two examples of our recent wins in Q1. In the healthcare sector, we have been 
selected by a leading US-based health solutions company to help them comply with CMS 
guidelines. Our consulting-led AI-powered industry solution will seamlessly integrate CMS 
provisions into billing and various other processes. This will simplify prescription cost 
management for all the members. 
Moving on to the second example, we are collaborating with the leading financial services 
company in North America to develop Gen AI-powered assistant for wealth management to help 
portfolio advisors. 
Let me now shift to our next area of focus which is building talent at scale. Our goal at Wipro is 
to attract, nurture and grow a diverse talent pool. We have ramped up our upskilling efforts 
across various practices covering both emerging and core technology areas. In fact, during Q1, 
we rolled out. iAspire and AI-powered career development platform. iAspire offers personalized 
learning pathways and aids in the career progression for each and every one of our employees. 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
We have already provided foundational training to over 225,000 of our employees and an 
additional 30,000 employees have received advanced AI training. 
With Wipro as Client Zero, we are utilizing our in-house AI expertise to develop GenAI 
solutions across all units and functions within the company. We believe this will help us boost 
not only the capabilities of our employees, but also make Wipro GenAI ready. 
And finally, we are driving execution rigor with speed, helping client centricity and delivery 
excellence. We are focused on nurturing innovation in our delivery capabilities by investing in 
our Lab 45 AI platform and the Wipro Enterprise GenAI Studio. In fact, we are also 
incorporating various GenAI tools throughout our software development lifecycle to enhance 
both the productivity and quality of our delivery. 
In closing, I would like to say this. The initial climb is both challenging and exciting. I am 
pleased with the momentum we have built in Q1. Across the company I have noticed a fresh 
energy and renewed dedication towards achieving our goal. With the commitment and passion 
of our 230,000 plus employees across the world, I firmly believe we will seize market 
opportunities ahead of us and will continue to progress steadily one step at a time. 
Now, on to guidance. As we move into Q2, we do believe that we are now in a better position 
compared to the start of Q1. For Q2, we are guiding for a sequential revenue growth of (-1.0%) 
to (+1.0%) in constant currency. We are confident that we can sustain our margins within a 
narrow band with an upward bias in the coming quarters. 
With that, let me turn it over to Aparna for a detailed overview of our financials. Thank you. 
Over to you, Aparna. 
Aparna Iyer: 
Thank you, Srini. Hello, everybody. Let me quickly summarize the financial highlights for 
Q1’25, post which we can open it up for questions. 
Our IT services revenues declined 1.2% sequentially in reported currency terms, which is a 1% 
decline in constant currency terms, which is well within our guided range for Q1. 
We are also pleased to share an expansion in our IT services margin of 0.4% year-on-year and 
0.1% quarter-on-quarter. We delivered the 16.5% margin on the back of a tough revenue 
environment and even after continuous investments in talent. Improved utilization, fixed price 
productivity and optimization of overheads have been the key levers at play. We expect to gain 
from the tailwinds of our operational rigor and are confident of being able to operate in a narrow 
band with an upward bias. 
We generated yet another quarter of strong cash flows. Our cash flows of $479 million in Q1 is 
at 132% of our net income. With this, our current investments and cash balance now stands at 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
$5.4 billion. Our other income net of finance expenses grew by 21% quarter-on-quarter and year-
on-year. Our accounting yield for average investments held in India in Q1 was at 7.6%. Our net 
income at INR30 billion grew 6% sequentially and our EPS for the quarter at Rs.5.75 grew 10% 
year-on-year. 
In terms of other key matrices, our ETR is at 24.5% for Q1 versus 24% in Q1’24. Our hedges 
continue to be in line with our policy. We had about $3 billion of FOREX derivative contracts 
as hedges at the end of Q1. 
Finally, I would like to reiterate the guidance for Q1. We expect revenues from our IT services 
business segment to be in the range of $2.6 billion to $2.652 billion. This translates to a 
sequential guidance of (-1%) to a (+1%) in constant currency terms. 
With that, we can open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first question from the line of 
Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Srini, my first question is on the quarter gone by. Most of the peers who have reported were kind 
of positively surprised by the execution during the quarter. While we have reported a number 
which is within the band, it’s towards the lower end. So, was there any incident in terms of 
negative surprises for you or do you think your Q1 performance was in line with what you had 
anticipated at the start of the quarter? 
Srini Pallia: 
Abhishek, the first point I want to talk about is we gave a Q1 guidance range, and we were within 
that guidance range. That’s number one. Second, like I said, we are still not seeing a significant 
change in the demand environment. We see clients still cautious and discretionary spend is low. 
However, we have seen an uptick in CAPCO, BFSI, consumer business in the US, which I called 
out. Sectors like E&U and manufacturing have been soft for us. Outside of the US, we are yet 
to see momentum build up in our other two SMUs, specifically Europe and APMEA. We are 
also still in the early stage of the deal that we have signed and deals like this usually take a few 
quarters to realize its full potential and that’s where our Q2 guidance is between minus (-1%) to 
(+1%). 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
My second and last question is on the telco deal what you won in Q1. Is it due for full ramp up 
in Q2 or there will be staggered ramp up between Q2 and Q3? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Yes, Abhishek. Like Srini said, these deals typically take some time to ramp up and it will take 
a few quarters for it to realize its full revenue potential. Of course, some upside is factored in the 
Q2 guidance. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
Gaurav Rateria: 
Srini, first question is on deal wins. Would you be able to provide some color on how average 
tenor has changed versus the last few quarters, and also has there been any change in the new 
versus renew mix in the current quarter versus the last few quarters? 
Aparna Iyer: 
I will go first and then Srini you can add. See, we don’t share that mix between new versus 
renewal. But you know that the large deals that we had announced were net new. So, that should 
give you some color. On your point on tenure of deal wins, we do see that the TCV bookings 
continue to be signed for longer tenor. Some of it is also a portfolio of what we win, but that 
continues to go up. It’s something that we have noticed, Gaurav. 
Srini Pallia: 
So, just to add to that. Hi, Gaurav. Deal tenures are definitely becoming shorter. Three-year to 
five-year deals are becoming more commonplace. The only deals where tenures exceed five 
years include optionalities and clients agree only when cost savings are front-loaded with 
potentially financial engineering involved. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Second question is on how are you thinking about implementing GenAI in your internal software 
development from a delivery point of view and could you share some color on initial results that 
you might have seen across different service lines? 
Srini Pallia: 
Thanks, Gaurav. GenAI is very exciting and from my effective there are three ways where we 
are deploying GenAI. First, number one like I said, as Wipro as a client zero, we are actually 
implementing GenAI across various process areas within Wipro across all the units. In fact, we 
are helping, for example, in the HR segment, the whole employee experience, if you will. 
Second, the iAspire that I talked about, we launched, is about how do you build career for our 
employees. They define what career they want to take and what kind of training programs that 
we can apply to them in the context of GenAI. So, those are the things that we are already doing, 
and this is also helping our teams kind of build more capabilities and competencies in GenAI. 
It’s also helping Wipro to be really a truly a GenAI ready company. Second, Gaurav, is that in 
fact if I have to really talk about some examples, one of the things that we have done is “We 
Now.” It’s actually a conversational digital assistant interacting with the various corporate 
systems. As of today, we had almost 7.4 million queries resolved in IT, HR and policy, and it 
has almost touched I think 230k users. What excites me is the fact that 80% favorability rating 
from our employees, that actually is significant. Another one which I am really excited about is 
“Eliza,” which is an AI-powered sales assistant, which is supporting almost 3,000 sales force 
across the globe for us. So, there are multiple, what I would say, GenAI related solutions that 
we are implementing within Wipro. I tell people that you got to drink your collate first and I am 
very excited that employees are bringing in so much out there with GenAI. As far as the clients 
are concerned, Gaurav, there are three components to it. One is how do we deploy GenAI in the 
context of software development life cycle, right. We all heard of GitHub Copilot. So, how do 
you not only improve the productivity but also improve the quality? In that if you ask me both 
on the coding side and also on the testing side. And this to me, Gaurav, will continue to improve 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
as we move forward and there is an excitement across our clients and our own employees 
deploying this thereby we can improve the productivity and quality. The second part is how do 
you infuse GenAI into managed services, both on the infrastructure side and also on the process 
side. I think that’s one area that we are constantly looking at and how we can leverage GenAI 
again from productivity and also experience for our clients. The third piece, Gaurav, what we 
are trying to do, like I talked about the industry solutions, cross-industry solutions that we are 
building, right. I talked about telecom, I talked about the OEM, manufacturing, I talked about 
healthcare, I also talked about wealth management in the context of financial services. These are 
all AI-powered industry solutions which are consulting-led. So, combination of knowing the 
domain aspects of the client, understanding the technology landscape of the client, becomes very 
critical and more so data. So, we are also able to help the clients in the context of their entire 
data strategy, data governance and how do you leverage the enterprise data within a reliable and 
secure way and implement GenAI. And I feel very excited because of the deals that we have 
won and now we are out there to execute them and some of these can be replicated across, 
Gaurav. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Last question for Aparna. What has been driving the depreciation and amortization down for the 
last two quarters? And you did talk about margin in a narrow band with an upward bias. So, 
what would be the levers going forward? 
Aparna Iyer: 
I think the depreciation, amortization expense doesn’t really have anything that’s very particular 
for me to call out. Perhaps a couple of quarters back we may have had some acceleration of 
amortization of a particular intangible, but other than that, I don’t think there are any one-off to 
call out for Q1. Lever that plays like I said will continue to be the fixed price productivity, 
improvement in our pyramid. Saurabh has spoken about onboarding freshers. We did a good 
number in Q1, and as we build our muscle on that, that will bring down the cost of delivery. The 
optimization of overheads is something that we have done in the context of declining revenues. 
It’s very critical for us to shed weight and remain lean and efficient and that’s something that 
we are doing. There is also some synergies to be realized as acquired entities come into the larger 
Wipro fold administratively. So, these are all levers that can help us as we look at our margins 
in the future. Hope that answers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Srini, first question is on Capco. Some of your peers have also indicated green shoots in BFSI, 
especially around discretionary short cycle span. Have you seen in Capco expansion of the area 
where Capco has been winning deals from what you’re doing maybe couple of quarters back? 
Srini Pallia: 
Hi, Abhishek. Thank you for the question. First and foremost, I did talk about Capco having 
sequential growth in the last couple of quarters and our growth has come in across Europe and 
Americas and we are also looking at Asia-Pacific. For us, Capco is like tip of the sphere which 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
is consulting and strategy-led and then the rest of the Wipro engine actually implement that. So, 
we are seeing good traction around that, and we are seeing greater demand at larger institutional 
clients across the banks and financial services companies. So, to me what I would say, Abhishek, 
is this gives you a little bit of a color to how discretionary spending is coming back, at least in 
the banking and financial services, and it’s also reflected in our BFSI growth, right, sequentially 
as well. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Energy and Utilities, this vertical has been unusually soft for us. While we have not seen that for 
any of our peers, so any more color on what is driving softness -- is it client-specific, are we 
losing out to peers in the consolidation scenario, any color here and how do we see this going 
forward? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, Abhishek, we lost you like for 10 seconds. Did you mean E&U? 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes, energy and utilities. 
Aparna Iyer: 
I will go and then maybe Srini if you want to add something. See, in E&U we have had some 
end of large programs and as a result we have seen some softness in that industry vertical. We 
got a good pipeline which we need to convert, and it has been perhaps something that has been 
softer for Wipro as compared to what the market has been. Srini has spoken about both industry-
specific and cross-industry service offerings that we have. We particularly bolstered our 
presence in E&U. Capco is doing pretty well in that space and especially in America. So, we are 
seeing some bounce back there on that count. But we have some work to do. We have got a good 
set of service offerings that we need to win at the marketplace. 
Srini Pallia: 
See, oil and gas is one of the areas where Capco actually has the consulting capabilities. That’s 
number one. Second, we are also building GenAI-powered solutions. For example, we call it as 
“Blue Skies,” which is actually autonomous monitoring to detect flare and smoke in degassing 
stations and we are getting good traction in some of the clients. Because we want to actually lead 
through specific business problem that our clients are facing. And in fact, this particular one, 
there was an 80% reduction in efforts response time to some of the two events. And so this is 
what our strategy will be going forward in the context of oil and gas. Like Aparna said, energy 
and utilities for us, because of some of the large projects coming down has been soft in Q1 and 
that’s why you’re seeing the sequential degrowth. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The first question, Srini, Wipro being the first one to call out green shoots especially selectively 
in Capco financial services, healthcare, and directionally the growth is expected to improve 
versus 4th Quarter being a flattish growth versus this quarter, at least it should have shown the 
trend of upward trajectory versus actually a (-1%) kind of a growth. So, has it surprised you 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
negatively or is it more Wipro-specific rather than external factors and which you believe can 
be rectified going forward? 
Srini Pallia: 
Sandeep, I will go first and of course, Srini will add. We guide based on a visibility that we have. 
There are puts and takes. There are parts of the businesses where we are seeing momentum. And 
like you rightly said, we remain authentic and true and we share with you proactively where we 
are seeing some of the discretionary spends come back and true to that I think Capco is one place 
where we have seen now three quarters it is bouncing back quite broad base. We have spoken 
about how Americas 1 has had a continued growth momentum; we spoke of healthcare doing 
well and this quarter we are seeing acceleration of momentum in consumer and telecom in 
Americas 1. If you look at Americas 2, we have said that BFS has done well in Americas 2 as a 
sector, and we are seeing a sequential growth there of 1.4% and the bookings have been strong. 
Those are things that we have shared with you very clearly. The places where we see softness is 
Europe and APMEA. And our guidance is actually a combination of both the pluses and minuses 
that we are seeing at the moment. Srini also said that we are entering Q2 with a little bit more 
confidence than what we did at the start of Q1, right. So, we will have to take all that into 
consideration, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Srini, just wanted to understand, is there any timeline which you believe by that time we could 
be in a full execution mode and the restructuring changes will start delivering the results which 
have been aspired to under your strategic direction? 
Srini Pallia: 
Sandeep, at this point in time, I am not calling out the timeline. Our focus is to execute our Q2 
guidance. Having said that, Sandeep, we have called out five strategic priorities. I did talk about 
the progress we made in each of the strategic priorities. I think what we need to do is to bring in 
that execution trigger with speed. We need to delight our customers, focus on delivery excellence 
and all the operational metrics that Aparna talked about. We need to continue to focus on 
building large deals, growing our large clients, continue to build or invest into our building skills 
within Wipro. I talked about iAspire, which is very exciting for the employees as we speak and 
we will continue to invest in industry specific solutions which are powered by AI, consulting led 
and also cross industry solutions that are horizontal. I did talk about four wins in this segment. 
One was in Telecom, one was in Manufacturing, one was in Healthcare, other one more was in 
Wealth Management within banking and financial services. That gives me comfort on two areas. 
One, I think our initial strategy is picking up momentum with our clients. Second, these things 
can be replicated across as well Sandeep. And the skill sets we are building is someone with 
people who can execute this as well. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Fair enough. And last question, Aparna, this quarter there has been a significant shift towards 
the on-site which has increased by 250 bps versus that the -1% revenue growth. Is it fair to 
assume the volume growth or volume decline could be even higher than the headline revenue 
decline? And in that scenario, even the margin has actually been very good in terms of execution 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
and employee cost has gone down despite the onsite effort, which could be because of the 
rationalization and the decline in the employee is happening. So, just wanted some clarity on 
this? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Thank you for the question, Sandeep. I want to bring to attention that we have integrated a few 
of our entities and as a result, which were more onsite specific as so I don’t know if they are 
directly comparable between Q1 and last Q4 in terms of the onsite mix, but everything else that 
you have said is also true that our employee compensation cost continues to go down because 
of a focus and a concerted action around productivity and making sure you’re able to deliver to 
a cost that we would like to given where our revenues are. So, there is a lot of focus around it 
and all levers are being flexed on that count. So, we are not becoming more onsite centric, it’s a 
metric which may not be directly comparable but going forward now that it’s in the base it will 
be. A couple of onsite centric subsidiaries have now got integrated. That’s one of the reasons 
why you’re seeing it. But costs are of course comparable and everything else that you set up is 
taste good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good execution on the margin side. So, yes, I 
wanted to ask you about how you’re thinking about improving growth momentum. Do you want 
to take an approach where you invest upfront and one of your peers where there’s been a CEO 
change, they have taken an approach to completely disregard I think near term margins and try 
to focus on your growth first and then thinking that margins will come later. Do you agree with 
that or what do you think we need to do to accelerate Wipro’s growth? 
Aparna Iyer: 
We have spoken about profitable growth as being our focus. Srini has spoken about it and that 
remains. You know, our margin has continued to expand because of the operational rigor. This 
is something that we have been doing over the last 6 quarters. And we continue to March on 
that. Of course, one of the reasons why we believe that we will hold margins in a narrow band 
with an upward bias is also because we want to make sure that we are having enough room for 
us to invest for growth and you can be assured. We won’t hold back on our investments for 
growth, that remains the number one priority. I have also said that in Q1 we invested in our 
employees as well. We covered a few of our employees under the long-term incentive stock 
options. So, that’s also coming. So, we continue to invest in our people, in our employees, in our 
associates and we will continue to invest for growth. Everything that Srini has spoken about, we 
will continue to invest in them. 
Ravi Menon: 
Great. Thank you very much, Aparna, and there is a question on the customer tiers, yes, we have 
seen that in the 75 million plus tier, there has been a drop of 3 customers quarter-on-quarter, 
year-on-year it is still up by 1. But just wanted to understand it and if I look at it, it’s not even 
dropped down to 50 million plus tier by that. When that is down by two, so are we still seeing 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
some pressure with even the largest clients in terms of spending? Are they still cutting back in 
projects? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Ravi, if we look at our client base, the top ten clients have grown, top 25 clients have grown 
and there are certain clients where you have seen a little bit of a shrink. It’s also to do with the 
discretionary spends which have been a little bit slow in coming. Having said that, Ravi, the 
strategy for us is we want to invest in our top accounts. We also want to invest in the future top 
accounts and then I clearly called out the investment will be at an account level where you 
actually bring in the right solutions, right delivery and the consulting led aspects of it and that 
will be the journey for us few here and there. I am not too worried Ravi, but what’s important is 
how our top clients are marching forward in terms of growth for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Good evening. Aparna and Srini, I think you had mentioned that the top 10 have grown around 
1.3%, top 20 or 25 have grown around 1%. So, obviously looks like the drag has been from these 
smaller customers. Are we still cutting tail accounts or is this just a broad based kind of decline 
that they’re seeing or any color that you could give us in terms of what you’re seeing on that 
side of things and what do you think will be the drivers for improvement there? 
Aparna Iyer: 
I think our strategy on tail accounts consolidation is newly towards the end and at least this 
quarter, I don’t think that’s the compelling reason for the decline. It was more specific to 
APMEA, more specific to sectors like India, Middle East where we had a long tail of clients and 
we felt it was important for us to make the clients fewer but go deeper, we are happy with the 
place where we are. We have executed on that. The decline that you’re also seeing is also a 
reflection of the lower discretionary spends and the decline that the company has seen overall 
and therefore it reflects in a few client buckets like you have mentioned. We remain committed 
to growing our top 100 clients and you should take insurance on the growth that you’re seeing 
from our top 25 like Srini said. There’s nothing more that I need to add on that. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. And lastly on the BFSI side, so well we have been very early in calling this out and it’s 
worked out pretty well. What exactly is the current drag that you’re seeing? Any specific sub 
segments where you’re seeing a little more pain because relative to the others, although we called 
it out earlier, the relative growth is slightly softer. So, is there any specific sub segments which 
is causing a little more pain for us? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Yes. So, I think BFSI Americas is generally doing better compared to Europe. Asia Pacific has 
also done well. So, that’s the color from a market standpoint, I think Europe is being slightly 
softer. 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
Srini Pallia: 
So, Nitin, Srini here, just to add a little bit more color to what Aparna said. In the context of 
BFSI, I think we are seeing secular growth both in Europe and America that I talked about both 
in Quarter 1 and Quarter 2. And if since you asked the specific where we are seeing that with 
Capco being the tip of the spear in some of the aspects of the clients across the risk and 
compliance, across cost optimization and of course some of the business transformation the 
clients are doing it and Capco is actually leading the charge for us and Wipro is actually 
becoming more on the implementation side and that’s also coming together, Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure, super. Just my final question, the way you see things today and the way things are sort of 
evolving. And you look at the environment in terms of elections, maybe in the second-half, are 
you seeing clients basically sort of talking of trying to close in some execution early on, 
considering there could be some level of uncertainty in the end or that’s not a right 
characterization of what you are seeing? 
Srini Pallia: 
I like the word Nitin uncertainty, right. The macro environment today is definitely not really as 
predictable. The political situation varies, but also there could be good news from the Fed in 
terms of the rates and also the inflation aspects of it. So, it’s kind of a mixed bag Nitin as we 
speak, but where we are focused is and how do we execute a quarter two especially in the context 
of the range that we gave you and also the deals that we have in the pipeline, how do we convert 
them? I think that’s the focus we are going to drive, Nitin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thank you for taking my question. Srini, my first question was for the last 4 quarters, the 
magnitude of Q-o-Q revenue decline was coming down and then in this quarter we have seen 
the decline has increased. This was despite the strength in BFSI that the industry has seen and 
you have relatively similar or higher exposure in that vertical. That shakes the confidence in the 
recovery that we were hoping that at some stage should start kicking in. From your commentary 
that you have made about the large deal wins that you are winning, some of the larger ones are 
actually in ENU and the strong deal pipeline you have, some of your peers have also spoken 
about how the deal to revenue conversion now is improving. Do you think you have reached a 
stage there; you can at least say that sequentially from here on Wipro should start seeing 
improving revenue growth and if not, then what is holding you back? 
Srini Pallia: 
Kumar, I will not comment how our growth will be beyond Quarter 2 the guidance that we have 
given. But having said that, Kumar, I want to call out a few things, right? We are still not seeing 
a significant change in the demand environment. There is caution from our clients and 
discretionary spend is low. However, like I called out, we are seeing an uptick in Capco. We are 
seeing an uptick in BFSI and also talked about consumer business in the US, but the sectors like 
ENU and Manufacturing specifically for us has been soft. And if you look at outside of Americas 
one and Americas two, while they are building the momentum, the other two market units, which 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
are specifically Europe and APMEA, we have seen a sequential decline and in the context of 
large deals, some of the deals we are in the early stage. Some of them are net new, are in the 
early stage, we have signed, and I presume that it will take few quarters for us and Aparna did 
talk about some component being taken in quarter two and quarters ahead. I would say that 
would be my summary for your question, Kumar. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks for that. My second question was more of a clarification. So, last month, Airbus came 
out with a profit warning and since then we have seen a couple of Europe based ID services, 
some of the services companies issuing their own profit warning as well cutting their guidance. 
Does our manufacturing weakness has anything to do with that or do you think any of that has 
any implication for Wipro? 
Aparna Iyer: 
No, not really. All what you mentioned really is not impacting us in fact like Srini mentioned, 
we have a good pipeline, we won a good deal. For us, this is about our own conversion of the 
pipeline that we have, and I don’t think the companies you mentioned or their profit warnings 
there have had anything to do with the softness that we have experienced. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Hi Srini, thanks for the opportunity and just perplexed with a set of comments from your side, 
which seems to be contradicting each other. On one side, we are saying that for the last three 
quarters, we are seeing an uptick in Capco, which is consulting/discretionary heavy and that is 
not necessarily translating into a very strong growth at the BFSI level or at the overall company 
level, which I think some of our competitors have reported almost 7.5% to 8% sort of sequential 
revenue growth in BFSI in this quarter. So, if you were to give us a cut on if Capco within BFSI 
is doing well, what is not doing well? I understand the geographical slicing and dicing you gave 
earlier, but any specific color on if you’re facing any client specific issues or any corporate action 
related impacts so on and so forth. That would be helpful. 
Aparna Iyer: 
Sudheer, I think let me summarize all the comments that we made. For us, we were the first to 
call out the momentum coming back in Capco in Q3. Q3, Q4, Q1, I think we have three dots of 
Capco doing well both on bookings and a revenue standpoint. I think they have grown 3, were 
upwards of 3% sequentially. The momentum looks good for Q2 and within Capco, we have 
secular growth. Maybe there are some pockets of continental Europe that are weak, but other 
than that, they have a broad-based bounce back. BFSI outside of Capco, Americas two certainly 
is bouncing back. We have had some good wins with a few large regional banks, and we are 
accelerating momentum and things look to be in better shape there, right. On the Europe BFSI 
outside of Capco, we are seeing some softness which we have shared with you. It’s a 
combination of a lot of things we have said along with the macroeconomic environment being 
weak and lower discretionary spend. 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Thanks, Aparna. And Srini, if you can, is that in any way related to the corporate action that’s 
going on between a couple of large European banks by any chance? 
Aparna Iyer: 
No, I don’t want to call out anything specific. It’s a combination of multiple factors. It’s not 
really just one client or so. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure. And the other question is, it looks like we are now completely integrating Capco and Rizing 
on our books if I were to understand one of the prior responses that we had given. Is that correct 
understanding? 
Aparna Iyer: 
No, they always integrated, they’re fully consolidated. That’s not what I meant. I meant in terms 
of just the bringing together the larger, perhaps the functions and the facilities and the 
optimization that you have by bringing perhaps to organizations closer and that’s what I meant, 
including maybe integration of the systems and the IT systems and the people, cross pollination 
of talent, things like that. But they are fully integrated, fully consolidated, yes. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Yes. No, I was asking because earlier one of the concerns a few quarters back was that if they 
are deeply integrated, then probably the go to market positioning of then Capco and Rizing will 
have to see a bit of a reset. So, I am just thinking as to whether that concerns were completely 
addressed now? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, one of the things that we see is both the teams are actually leveraging the complementary 
capabilities, especially in the context of transformation deals. So, I think the collaboration 
between both Capco and Wipro’s business has yielded strong origination and also significant 
number of synergy deals. This is also evident where we are jointly entering some of the new 
financial services market, especially in the APMEA region specific to Middle East and India 
domestic and the advantage we have here is like I said, Capco is the tip of the spear, right and 
the areas that I called out whether risk and compliance, whether it’s to do cost optimization or 
the transformation of the bank or the customer experience, right. I think it’s a very good 
partnership between Capco and Wipro. I forgot to mention Rizing. As far as Rizing is concerned, 
if you look at the Rizing, they are very strong and dominant on certain industry segments, for 
example, fashion, retail, right. So, the way we are doing it here is that or SAP HANA. So, 
whenever there’s a large transformation program, the clients are looking us as sort of bringing 
the consulting capabilities of Rizing along with the delivery and execution capabilities of Wipro 
together, and that’s where we are able to win some of the transformation deals specifically in 
SAP and we are seeing a good traction there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
While some of my questions have already been answered, I just wanted to quiz you on the 
segmental margin performance, especially with regards to Europe and APMEA margins, while 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
you have spoken about some of the revenue challenges in that geography, if you could help us 
understand what’s driven the margin decline in those geographies, that’s question number one. 
And the second question was with regards to the financial services performance in Europe with 
some of the leadership changes in Capco and even at the company wide level, is that also creating 
some drag for the financial services business in Europe for you? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, I will take your second question first. I want to like ally of yours fully. The Capco leadership 
is fully stable and it’s doing really well. Srini alluded to it where he said the collaboration is 
deeper, better and the secular growth is back, so I don’t think there is absolutely anything to do 
with that. The softness in Europe is actually outside of Capco and actually even though we were 
doing well on synergy deals, there are some softness that is coming both due to the 
macroeconomic environment, the lower discretionary expense and a few client specific issues 
as well, right. So, it’s a combination and I will leave it at that. The first question on segment 
margin, yes there is a decline in both Europe and APMEA, actually, APMEA has improved year-
on-year, but Europe has actually declined year-on-year and what you will see in the segment is 
that our unallocated costs have come down substantially between Q4 and Q1. We have changed 
the methodology in which we absorb some of these group costs. And therefore, their costs have 
been spread to the market unit. So, therefore you’re seeing a decline to be a little bit more 
exhaustible, deeper than it should be. But Europe, the weakness in margins is again linked back 
to our revenue performance and nothing more to add on that. APMEA actually is doing better 
year-on-year and perhaps someone in the IR can give you more details. 
Moderator: 
We will take our last question from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Aparna, the commentary on margins, it’s moved from a narrow band to a narrow band with an 
upward bias. I am seeing that being introduced for the first time. So, what’s leading to that? 
Aparna Iyer: 
I think we have been able to execute on a bit-by-bit improvement over the last six quarters. The 
tailwind of the operational rigor gives us confidence as we get into Q2. You must note that the 
guidance that we have given for quarter two is also perhaps amongst the better guidance range 
that we have given in the last six quarters. So, all of that adds to the confidence as we look at 
quarter two and beyond. 
Girish Pai: 
An upward bias could be in a 50 to 100 basis point upward bias? 
Aparna Iyer: 
I think it’s very that’s why you should read it along with narrow band and with an upward band. 
Girish Pai: 
Last year you pushed the wage hike, I think by about 3 months. Would we see the same cycle 
this year and the quantum, would it be pretty similar? 

 
Wipro Limited 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Confidential-Internal
Srini Pallia: 
Salary hikes last year we done it in December. We have not decided when to give the salary 
hikes. We will decide in this quarter but will be in line with the market whenever we decide. 
Girish Pai: 
My last question is to do with competitive intensity and one of your larger peers is discussing 
that it was giving out fairly large productivity gains back to customers in areas like BPO and 
testing and stuff like that because of generative AI. Is that what you’re seeing in the market, 
heightened competitive intensity because of GenAI? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Girish, like I said, clearly we have a strategy for GenAI, and I talked about the three places 
where we are doing it. So, whenever we put a solution to the client, all the deals that we have, 
we leverage GenAI. So, what goes to the client is GenAI powered solutions if you will and we 
are also infusing, like I said, GenAI into some of the engagements that we have with our clients. 
So, that would be the combination of the two. So, GenAI does help us in terms of productivity. 
So, to me, this kind of trend is not new. There will be always in the context of bidding and risky 
deals. There will be some companies who will try to pick up deals at an extremely low margin 
or extremely high risk. But those trends do not last for long as such, approach is clearly not 
sustainable in the longer-term mark, Girish. However, we are not worried about this trend and 
neither does it require any changes to our strategy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to Mr. Dipak Bohra for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dipak Bohra: 
Thank you all for joining the call. In case we could not take any questions due to time constraints, 
please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Have a nice evening. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. On behalf of Wipro, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
