 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
(Erstwhile SBFC Finance Private Limited) 
Registered Office: Unit No. 103, 1st Floor, C&B Square, Sangam Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Village Chakala, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400 059 
T. : +91-22-67875300 • F : +91-22-67875344 • www.SBFC.com • Email:  complianceofficer@sbfc.com 
CIN No : U67190MH2008PLC178270 
 
   Date: 2nd August, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
NSE Symbol: SBFC 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street,   
Mumbai – 400001. 
BSE Equity Scrip Code: 543959 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Pursuant to applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call which 
was held on 29th July, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call shall be uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.sbfc.com/investors under the section 'Disclosures under Regulation 46 of the LODR' in due 
course.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBFC Finance Limited 
(Erstwhile SBFC Finance Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
 
Jay Mistry 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
ICSI membership no. ACS34264 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
JAY 
PRABHURA
M MISTRY
Digitally signed by 
JAY PRABHURAM 
MISTRY 
Date: 2024.08.02 
15:49:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“SBFC Finance Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASEEM DHRU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. MAHESH DAYANI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. NARAYAN BARASIA – CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER – 
SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. PANKAJ PODDAR – CHIEF RISK OFFICER – SBFC 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANKET AGRAWAL – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
AND INVESTOR RELATIONS – SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SBFC Finance Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Renish Bhuva 
Hi, thank you Neha. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to SBFC Finance Limited’s Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. I will now hand over the call to Sanket for the introduction and take 
this call forward. Over to you, Sanket. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Thank you, Renish. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call early in the 
morning. I have with me the management of SBFC, Mr. Aseem Dhru, Mr. Mahesh Dayani, Mr. 
Narayan Barasia and Mr. Pankaj Poddar. We will start with opening remarks from Aseem, 
followed up with financial details from Narayan and then we'll open the floor for questioning. 
Over to you, Aseem. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Thank you, Sanket. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for taking this time out 
on a wonderful monsoon morning. If there is one thing BFSI companies and their investors 
cannot complain of, is boredom. There is always something interesting happening around us all 
the time. And while some of us could be our doing, most of us isn't our doing to start with. 
It's been an interesting quarter where we faced three headwinds, a long drawn electoral process 
that affects smaller towns more specifically. And also, those that need to deal with government 
machinery like us when we have to register mortgages. Climate change is real and summers are 
getting hotter and monsoons more volatile and temperamental. The exceptional heat wave 
created its own challenge. And thirdly, the regulatory recognition of disbursals at the RTGS 
stage was the biggest change we had to adapt to. And this resulted in a 5% AUM growth, which 
is at the lower end of our guided range. These factors are transient and it's back to business as 
usual. In a rising interest rate environment, our cost of funds has moved up by just one basis 
point Q-o-Q. We have seen opex to AUM come down by 21 basis points Q-o-Q. 
NPAs move up 17 basis points quarter on quarter and credit costs go up by one basis points. 
Spreads and NIMS have held. This has resulted into a profit growth of 7.2% Q-o-Q. ROA has 
remained steady at 4.56%, while ROE has moved up by 40 basis points to 12.3%. Nothing has 
changed in the environment for us to revisit our guidance. We maintain our guidance of 5% to 
7% Q-o-Q AUM growth and a credit cost in the 80 to 100 basis points corridor.  
We will also continue to maintain PCR above 40%, which is double of our LGD. We do not 
accrue interest on NPAs. Once an account turns NPA, even as we provide higher for LGD, we 
believe it is more conservatively reflecting the reality. For us, it's a decadal journey and quarters 
are just milestones marking our progress. So, with your permission, I would like to get back to 
business at hand, over to you Narayan. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Narayan Barasia: 
Thank you Aseem. A very good morning to you. In terms of business, our AUM grew by 35% 
on a YoY basis, 5% on a QoQ basis to INR7,167 crores. Out of which almost 99% of the AUM 
is secured either by property or by Gold. Our MSME AUM grew by 38% on a YoY basis, 4% 
on a Q-o-Q basis to now INR5,954 crores. We added three branches during this quarter. Our 
average ticket size of MSME loan remains at about INR9.2 lakhs. In terms of borrowing, our 
borrowing costs remain constant at 9.32% for the full year. We have received a rating upgrade 
from CARE in this quarter from A+ positive to AA- stable. 
We have diversified further and have raised money by issuance of listed NCDs from mutual 
funds. We are further looking to diversify borrowing as we go along in future. In terms of asset 
quality, our GNPA has slightly increased to 2.6% as of June 24 with a PCR of 42.6%. Our credit 
cost is steady at 0.86% for the quarter. In terms of capital and return ratios, our yields on loans 
and spreads are stable at 17.58% and 8.26% respectively. Our opex for the quarter is 4.8% of 
AUM which is lower by 25 bps against Q4 of FY24. 
Our return on average AUM for the quarter is stable at 4.6% while return on average tangible 
equity has increased to 12.3%. Our tangible net worth is INR2,604 crores as of 30th June 24 
with capital adequacy ratio of 40.8% and debt equity of 1.42%. The PAT for the quarter is INR79 
crores thereby reporting a growth of 7.2% sequentially against the AUM growth of 5%. With 
this, we open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from Philip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Thanks for this opportunity. I just wanted to understand, one, what are the pitfalls in technology 
onboarding across various functions that we have done? Second is, what are the pitfalls in co-
origination that we do? 
Aseem Dhru: 
Is your question, what are the pitfalls in technology and pitfalls in co-origination? Am I right? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Correct. 
Aseem Dhru: 
See, what happens is that technology, as much as it enables, also creates its own risk in the 
process. And while as your dependence on technology goes up, any hitch in how the technology 
flows, I mean, we all saw what happened that one day Microsoft upgrade happened and the 
Cloudfare issue popped up. So, to that extent, all modern institutions are vulnerable to 
technology outages and more and more we invest, more and more is this risk. 
However, what has happened over the years is that there is a fair amount of preparedness for 
both in terms of DPDP, data privacy and data protection. Because there is a risk of attacks 
coming onto a network. There is a risk of ransomware coming onto a network. There is a risk of 
data disappearance from your setup, etc. So, duplication of data, for example, even in a live 
server, every half an hour it goes and backs itself up to ensure that there is no loss of data. Or 
the loss of data is limited to that 15-30 minutes at best. So, it's easy for us to restore.  
We have also invested in a DR/BCP, which is based in Hyderabad on a different tectonic plate 
to ensure that we have a fallback on that. So, while we recognize that this is a risk, we are doing 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
our best to ensure that this risk, even if it does materialize, is well managed. The risk of co-
origination, I mean, there is no risk in co-origination. It is just that you will have to taper it to a 
level that you believe is sustainable and good for the organization.  
Over-dependency on co-origination, over-dependency on anything is a problem. So, as a prudent 
lender, you need to diversify across every risk that you have. So, you cannot be dependent only 
on one setup. You cannot be dependent on too much of a high percentage that if for some reason 
the partner disengages or the law changes, the regulations keep evolving, so, if the regulation 
changes, it shouldn't be that you are exposed to that risk. So, we ensure that we only take on as 
much as what we can handle, in case events come up which question the continuity of what has 
been built. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Thank you. I'll come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sir, just 2-3 questions from my side. One on this ticket size. So, when we look at the 
disbursement ticket size, it is falling consistently from the last 3-4 quarters and now sitting at 
about 9.2 lakhs. So, what is happening there? I mean, essentially with inflation, this ideally 
should go up. I'm just wondering, are we changing customer segment or what is happening there? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, Renish, hi. So, as we were mentioning on our calls and as you would see as our distribution 
keeps on getting deeper in every state, our incremental origination is going to be away from tier 
2 towns and nearing more towards tier 3 towns where the ticket sizes are going to be obviously 
lower. So, on a marginal origination basis, the ticket sizes would come in. 
What we've also maintained is that between 9-11 lakhs is what the ticket sizes are going to be. 
Last quarter we were closer to 9.6 and this quarter we are closer to 9.2. But by and large, we 
should be between 9-11 lakhs. It also gives us some benefit in terms of our yields and to maintain 
our spread as we move along on the lower ticket size because obviously the yields comparatively 
are a lot better. 
So, if you really look at both the engines in terms of co-origination, where the ticket sizes are 
slightly larger, yields slightly on the lower side. But that's more than compensated with the lower 
ticket sizes but compensating for the high yields. So, on an overall profitable mix, you will see 
a very stable spread that comes through and yields are also pretty much at almost 17.6% on a Q-
o-Q basis. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, sir, I mean, if we go by what you've just said that the ticket size will remain between 9-11 
lakhs. We are already at 9.2. So, going ahead, do you feel this ticket size will remain where it is 
currently? Or it should further go down? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
At this point, sure, there but largely within the set guided range. So, I don't think it's going to go 
down to 6.5 or 7.5. But yes, between 9-11 is something what we are comfortable. We don't tend 
to do technically anything below 5 lakhs or 5.5 lakhs. So, we are not really treading on that 
particular trajectory. So, you really won't see the ticket sizes falling from the cliff. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. And, sir, my second question is on this asset quality metric. So, when we look at 1+ DPD, 
which has been steadily increasing from 5.5% in June 23 to 6.4% in June 24. And 
simultaneously, when we look at the customer profile, that in terms of the CIBIL score, the share 
of more than 700 CIBIL score customers are actually going up. So, I'm just not able to connect 
the dots here. I mean, at one end, the share of quality customer is increasing. At the same time, 
on a YoY basis, 1+ DPD portfolio is increasing.  
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, for Q1, we have seen a muted collection efficiencies and that has impacted the portfolio into 
0+ and 90+ in that sense. We expect the same to stabilize in coming quarters. And this is not a 
sequential impact as per our assessment.  
Renish Bhuva: 
No, but, sir, if we look at last 7-8 quarters, in fact 10 quarters, the 1 plus DPD as on June 24 is 
highest.  
Pankaj Poddar: 
It has been stable with 5% around. So, if you look at last 3-4 quarters, it has seen volatility in 
that sense. Even if you take quarter 1 of last year, we have seen an increase from Q4 of previous 
year. So, Q1 has seen an increase. This quarter, we have seen a higher increase in collection 
efficiency impact in particular and we expect that to stabilize. And we don't expect that to impact 
our credit cost range, which we have guided. And we expect that to remain between 80-100 basis 
points.  
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press star and 1 to ask a question. The next question 
is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just curious, you started off citing 3 reasons for some sort of 
weakness in disbursements this quarter. I want to sit in the lower end of your guidance. Just 
curious, how do we see the next 3 quarters? And more specifically, if you could spell out the 
contribution of the RTGS rule change, basically, the RTGS disbursements rule. And how much 
would that have contributed? And let's hypothetically say that if that were not the case this 
quarter, how much growth could have been? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, Nischint, hi, good morning. So, as in the opening remark, Aseem rightly articulated, the key 
reasons. So, if I were to numerically translate that, it was roughly a month's disbursement that 
was impacted. If you were to look at our overall volumes and even probably take the lowest 
possible denominator for last year's numbers. So, we had close to around 2,000 to 2,500 odd 
customers. So, if you were to translate that particular number, we would have been closer to 
7,800 odd customers for the quarter, which would have been technically higher than the previous 
quarter. Having said that, yes, the month of May was impacted. And partly also because of the 
circular and also because of operational limitations that we had during that particular electoral 
season. 
Having said that, the good news is that June was back to where the business was. So, whenever 
you do a process change and probably adjust to the new norm, there is going to be a one-month 
impact. But then it gets back to its role from the next quarter. So, which gives us the confidence 
of saying that it should be business as usual from the current quarter onwards and our guidance 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
with respect to our growth rates continue to remain the same. So, there has been no change as 
such. The only minor tweaks which I mentioned earlier could be on the ticket sizes moving, but 
that's also going to be largely in the same range. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
But ticket sizes moving, does it sort of enrich the yield mix? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
That is so. If you probably look at our yields and spreads, given the current season that you 
would probably observe in, our spreads have held on, our yields also have held on, despite our 
co-origination percentage being 22% on a higher base. So, if we've managed to maintain the 
yields at roughly at 17.6% and our spreads at 8.25% or whereabouts, which goes on to say that 
it's been largely more than compensated with the better yields on the lower ticket size. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And this is a trend which we probably think should continue, right? 
Mahesh Dayani:  
Yes. So, as our distribution tends to go deeper, we will get enriched in terms of the yields or at 
least hold on to the yields despite continuing with the current percentages on co-origination. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And just one technical question, this interest on co-origination, co-originated loans this 
quarter would have been how much? I think last quarter was around INR6.6 crores. 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, interest on co-origination remained as where it is in the last quarter. Our share in that 
structure goes up based on the portfolio we originate. So, as the volume increases there, our 
share just keeps on going up. But it just remains where it was in the last quarter. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure, that number just helps us to sort of model spreads better and I think that's where I was 
asking this question. Anyway, thank you very much and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Thank you so much. A couple of questions. First is that there has been a push from RBI as well 
as other eminent people in the government, saying that we need to bring down the rate that is 
being charged to the end customer. So, how does that affect a company like us? I mean, how do 
we demonstrate that we are charging a reasonable rate to our end customers? That is the first 
question I have. 
The second question is that, given there will be changes in the way in which debt schemes or a 
lot of taxation things have got changed. How does that change your treasury operations in a short 
term or a long-term perspective? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So, see, the regulator basically is trying to strike a fine balance between what is fair interest rate 
and what is a usurious interest rate. Now, it is anybody's guess in terms of exactly where this 
line is drawn. But as long as what is charged is not unreasonable, they have been largely leaving 
interest rates to the lenders to decide. Now, the point that they were making, that was mentioned 
by the governor as well several times in his speech, that it was specifically aimed at microfinance 
and the yields therein. So, what we believe is that our yields are there and that is something we 
have to continuously be sensitive about, that we don't end up crossing the line. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Somewhere it is between striking the right yield for the business that we strike for, in terms of 
the ROA, as well as balancing that from the customer's viewpoint, it doesn't become 
unfavourable or too burdensome. So, at the moment, we believe that we are holding that balance. 
But you are right, that is something that we have to be mindful of. 
On your second question on treasury operations, again, we are doing our best to diversify our 
exposures away from any dependence on one class of lender. So, if you see two years back, 77% 
of our funding used to come from banks. That number has moved to 54% last year. And the 
number may move to under 40% this year. So, we are diversifying away from banks. Within 
banks, we are diversifying between foreign banks, PSU banks, private sector banks, etc. to 
ensure that even within banks, we are well diversified and we don't have dependency on a large 
lender. After our upgrade to AA- ratings, we have opened up the NCD platform where we have 
borrowed from almost all the large mutual funds that you can mention. And we will now be 
borrowing from DIIs shortly to diversify our lending more. And explore ECBs, etc. as well down 
the road.  
In terms of, yes, the flow into debt schemes anyway wasn't material. So, that anyway hasn't been 
material even before the budget. Post that, the flow may get muted a little more. However, we 
are a small company, we are not seeking those large levels of finance. And whatever we are 
seeking, that seems to be reasonably easily available and there is appetite for our paper at the 
moment. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
So in terms of your branch extensions, we have around 186 branches. What is the approximate 
number of branches we intend to open this year? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, what we have been always guiding is that, in a year we would be opening close to around 20 
odd branches, where about. And these would largely be in states where we are already present. 
So, we are not adding any new state, but the existing states where we have been reasonably 
covered, we will only go deeper in those particular markets. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And do you actually do branch-wide profitability? And if so, at what point in time a branch 
becomes profitable or it will at least break even? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes. So, what we do is that for the purpose for our investor deck, we call out the AUM at a 
branch with their agings. But internally, we do have profitability metrics driving it down to a 
branch level. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And typically, how long it takes for a branch to break even? Is it less than 18 months or more 
than 18 months? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, we have got two products. We have got gold and the other which is backed by property. So, 
both have different metrics, but to probably answer your question in a different way. A gold 
branch at INR6.5 crores, INR7 crores gives us the required ROE and an ME location or an ME 
branch at an AUM of close to around INR33-34 crores gives us the required ROE. The break-
even period could be anything between 12-18 months, depending upon the location and the 
branch metrics that we operate in. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And in terms of your book, typically at what point in time you actually find that the book can 
actually potentially get into a stress? Is it that at the end of 12 months, in general, what is the 
pattern? When does a typical loan, if you just take the entire cohort, you start getting bounces? 
Pankaj Poddar:  
So, this is a mortgage loan. So, typically, we see the vintage curve kicking in at a 36-month kind 
of time frame. So, that is the majority that we look at, and based on that, we have built 80-100 
basis point credit costs in the month. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And one last question, what kind of hike you have actually affected for your employees? And 
what has been the attrition at the mid and the junior level staff for us for the last year? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
On the blended basis, you would have 8%-10% of increment at a company level. We have most 
of our staff that are incentive based because of being frontline employees. Those get a 
combination of increment and incentives. The other staff would get increments that would be in 
the range of 10%-20%, but the blended at a company level comes to around 8%-9% of 
increment. 
Lakshminarayanan:  
My question is related to employee attrition at the lower-level management, mid-level 
management or the senior level management? I assume senior level management is negligible. 
I just want to look at what is the mid management, essentially branch heads and so on and then 
the lower management, lower grade staff. What has been the attrition? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Internally, we grade the employees in three bands. So band 1 is obviously AVP and above where 
you would have negligible attrition. The managerial level, which is the band 2, would be roughly 
around 20% attrition and the front line would be at a higher attrition rate. For our permanent 
employees, we roughly see right now at 40%-45% of attrition rate in the front line. We continue 
to do training, we continue to try and make efforts towards reducing this number. This has been 
high from last three years, both in industry and for us. We endeavour to reduce it further. It was 
upwards of 50% as of last year. This year, it has stabilized slightly, but we intend to bring this 
lower going forward. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Taluja from Aditya Birla Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Himanshu Taluja:  
Sure. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. I actually initially missed your 
comment, so probably I may be repeating. Sir, when we see the collection efficiency dip in the 
quarter and some bit of surge in the 1+ and the GNPA ratio trend, is there anything to read or is 
it just a first quarter phenomena which has happened and probably things will revert to 
normalization in the second quarter? So what is your thoughts around this? 
And the second part of the question, is there any signs of deterioration in the ticket size which 
you are operating from an industry practice in the secured MSME? And is there a need to tighten 
the risk model or the credit underwriting model further on this now, given some signs of 
normalization is also happening from an asset quality? And if you tighten anything, is there a 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
risk to growth? Probably what you are guiding of 6%-8% Q-o-Q growth, probably that is a trend 
which you wanted to see over the next couple of years. Is there any change to that?  
Aseem Dhru: 
So I think you missed the opening comments. We are not changing our guidance. There is 
nothing that has happened in the environment that leads us to believe that that is not deliverable 
anymore. So we are sticking to what we had said. So if you had heard my previous calls last year 
as well, we had mentioned three things. I think Nishchint you may remember this was an answer 
to your question earlier, that the Goldilocks scenario of banking is going to be questioned this 
year and the regulator also wants a slowdown of growth. And what the regulator wants, happens. 
There is going to be an increase in credit costs across the industry. And there is going to be a 
compression of NIMs across the industry. And I expected it to be a little later, but in the first 
quarter itself, if you read the results of all lenders, you can see a combination of all three 
emerging. So that is point number one. 
Point number two is that if you see CIBIL data, it tells you that the deterioration of prime and 
super prime has been very sharp. So you can see that there have been more downgrades in the 
people rated prime and super prime. In fact, the good thing for us is that there has been more 
upgrades in the quality of lenders that we lend to, quality of buyers, borrowers we lend to. But 
the prime and super prime is coming down, which basically means that there is over leverage 
that is happening of those customers. Too many people are chasing the 750 plus CIBIL 
customers. And that is what is creating a challenge. So one, the environment is raising questions. 
Two, one sparrow does not make a summer. 
So, at the moment, we are not taking a conclusion that there is a huge challenge ahead. One, first 
quarter, there is a little bit of softening across everything. There is a normal softening that 
happens in the first quarter. 
Generally, people work up to March and then there is a little bit of relaxation that creeps in, in 
the industry and I've seen it over the years. So, the second is that there have been specific reasons 
in this quarter whereby it has not been a normal quarter, both in terms of disbursals as well as in 
terms of delinquency. So we expect that from this quarter, we should be back to business as 
usual. We'll have to watch it for a couple of quarters before we see a trend emerging. At this 
moment, it looks pretty in control. And in a long journey, you will have some amount of bumps 
here and there along the road. But there is nothing that is happening that is causing us any big 
concern.  
And ticket sizes, we don't seek a ticket size. We are in the business of seeing what is coming 
through our door and what is acceptable as a credit risk. So they will bounce around a little up 
and down the alley. And it is a fine balance that we also have to seek, that there is a particular 
ROA that also we need to drive because we are in an environment where after IL&FS, it has 
been a permanent change in the environment where all NBFC’s leverage has fallen off a cliff. 
So which means that unless an NBFCs is able to sustain and deliver a high ROA, it will struggle 
to deliver the ROEs. We are in the business of delivering the ROEs. So for us, it's a fine balance 
that we have to seek the right yield by the right risk and manage that risk through cycles. So that 
is what we are aiming to do. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Sir, just last two questions. If your credit cost guidance of 1% which you wanted to hold for a 
long period of time, is that still on hold? And the second is, according to your model, basically, 
when do you expect to reach around a 14%-15% closer ROE and the levers to attain the same? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So what we've earlier also guided is that in the last quarter of next financial year is what we had 
guided for achieving a 15% ROE. A couple of metrics that is going to come through. So if you 
probably look at our ROE tree, since we've invested in our entire distribution, which means 
people and branches, a lot of those costs were loaded up front. 
And then as you start building the momentum, the distribution tends to sweat. So if you look at 
probably our cost structure, that's slightly elevated, but that's by design. And as we move along, 
you will see a lot of that cost beginning to sweat and that's what's beginning to come down. 
So what we've guided is that on a yearly basis, you will see a cost or a ROA coming off by 
almost 50 basis points. I think since most of our book is largely variable, except for gold, we are 
confident of holding the spreads and that's what we've demonstrated over the quarter that our 
spreads have held on. And our fee income remains robust. So clearly moving forward, given the 
current run rate at what we're operating and the profitability metrics that we've been maintaining, 
we're pretty hopeful that we will hit our 15% ROE by the last quarter of next financial year. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
And the credit cost guidance of 100 bps still holds for the FY25 as well?  
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes.  
Himanshu Taluja: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhisar Jain from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. I have a question on your more than 36-month branches. As 
we see in the PPT, the AUM for these branches has moved up year on year from INR39 crores 
to around INR50 crores. So I was just curious to know what would be the opex to AUM trending 
for these branches. I'm assuming obviously it should be much lower than the whole company 
level of 4.8% and how much leverage can play out as we build the AUM in these branches as 
well as build the number of these branches? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So in terms of number of branches, that's been mentioned in slide 12 of the PPT. But you're 
right, the opex in these branches obviously largely because of the size is significantly below 3%. 
We don't call out the exact number, but largely if we were to guide you on a percentage, it would 
be less than 3%. 
As you can see that on a Y-o-Y basis that's growing roughly at 25%. The number of people in 
those branches, as we had maintained, that the staircase for these set of branches which are more 
than 3 years, so if you're into a new location, a new market, which starts with 4 or 5 people, 
which moves to 7 to 8, and then ultimately moving to 11 or 12. So this is based on the kind of 
origination, the color of origination, and as Pankaj mentioned that we'd like to see the maturity 
of the profile before we start investing in it. So once we have a good amount of comfort with 
these set of branches, that's where largely the investment starts to happen. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood. And can you indicate that in some of the much more old and mature branches, what 
would be the AUM per branch like? Is it a significantly higher number than this average of 50 
cr? 
Management: 
Yes, so you would have some branches who would be upwards of INR65-70 odd crores. There 
would be some of the branches which would be at INR40-45 crores. But then it's a combination. 
A INR45 crores branch could be as profitable as a INR65-70 crores branch because the cost and 
the OpEx structure for both the branches may be really different. But as I mentioned earlier that 
as long as our branches beyond INR33 crores to INR34 crores on the ME side starts delivering, 
the required ROE tends to come through. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood, sir. Okay, and the second question I had was on the HFC license that we were, I 
think, looking for and also other plans to make a meaningful entry in that segment. So, sir, can 
you update on the status and also your plans there for medium to long term? 
Aseem Dhru: 
See, that is a little two bird in the bush. It is not in hand. We have applied for the license. We 
don't know what time it would take. As and when we hear from the regulators, we will then 
come to you with specific plans. At the moment, as things stand, it is just business as usual at 
SBFC. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay, sir, understood. For the co-origination book, I'm seeing that the percentages have been 
building, I think, over time from mid-teens to now it's 21%. So, is there a level that you want to 
take this to at which you will be, comfortable? Or is it like the way it is building, it is more of 
an outcome rather than a target? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, what we are comfortable with, and that's what, we've been guiding over the last four quarters, 
that co-origination is going to be between 15% to 20%, and we run the circular one and not 
circular two. It gives us the comfort of planning our origination, and it helps us in both in terms 
of origination and also to maintain the right profitability metrics. So, from a guidance 
perspective, we are happy to be around 20 odd percent, even at a slightly higher base. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood, sir. And last question, on the gold loan book, it is around 16%. So, again, that 
percentage also you want to maintain or grow it slower or faster than MSME? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Yes. So, broadly, we were at 85:15, largely by the ticket sizes. So, if you really look at our gold 
loan business, that's got a bump up largely because of a good gold price. And so, there's been 
some momentum there. But from a long-term perspective, we would expect 85:15, but slightly 
it's going to tilt towards the ME, going slightly higher than the gold, largely on account of the 
ticket sizes. So, our ticket sizes are in the range of 9 to 11 lakhs on ME, and gold is close to 
around 1 lakh. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir. Best wishes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the liner, Raajesh Bhojwani from RBB Ship Chartering 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Raajesh Bhojwani: 
Good morning. I want to understand the long-term plans of SBFC. And the second question is, 
any dividend policy? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So, long-term plan is to continue growing 5% - 7% Q-o-Q. And, you know, the business of 
financing is the business of compounding, and nothing changes to the fundamental stuff. We 
don't want to do anything new or different. We'll continue doing the boring, hopefully over long 
periods of time. As long as, in an NBFC, as long as your growth is higher than your ROE, there 
is no question of paying dividends. 
 
You want to reinvest in that growth because you are maintaining your ROEs and growing, so, 
we would be needing capital. We are a capital-hungry business. So, generally, NBFCs at the 
early stage of their operations do not declare dividends until they get to a stage where the growth 
matures, ROEs stabilize, and your logic of giving dividends kicks in. At this stage, we prefer to 
reinvest our profits into our growth because that is also delaying the next capital raise in some 
sense, and thereby, pushing up our ability to move the leverage up. 
Raajesh Bhojwani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe:  
Just two small data-keeping questions. How many of your customers have Udyam registrations? 
And what was the headline attrition rate that you mentioned in one of the questions? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, Udyam registration would be upwards of 75% customer base from an origination standpoint. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
And attrition is different at a different band. Band 1 was negligible. Band 2, closer to 20%, which 
is a managerial grade and the front-line permanent employees would be around 40%-45%. 
Nischint Chawathe:  
So, you said band 2 is how much? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Band 2, roughly 20%. 
Nischint Chawathe:  
Okay. And at the overall company level? 
Sanket Agrawal: 
I'll have to get back, Nischint. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Front-end is the majority. So, it will be around 40%, for sure. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay, got it. So, those were my questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity for follow-up. Just wanted a bit of details on the gold loans. What 
kind of ticket sizes are we doing? The average ticket sizes. What's the behavioural tenor on the 
balance sheet? And what is the customer segment split between self-employed and salaried? Or 
maybe if you can give a split between salaried and micro-SMEs. Thanks. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, the ticket sizes are slightly above a lakh. And largely because the ticket sizes are slightly 
larger than most of the traditional gold loan companies. Most of the customers actually fit into 
the self-employed bucket. Your third question related to the average tenor. The average tenor is 
between three to four months is what they hold up. 
Shubhranshu Mishra:  
And any benefit of one of the players having a regulatory restriction and anything that has had 
a detrimental impact because of the disbursement regulation for anything more than 20,000? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, in fact, it's worked the other way for us. Because there was these cash disbursements and 
restrictions on cash disbursement. If you probably see the gold disbursal numbers, not only for 
this quarter, but even for the previous quarter, they were slightly up. Some benefit, yes, it does 
come in, which is there. But I would say if you were to split our growth, the split in growth was 
also on account of the gold price momentum that we got and obviously, some part of it, almost 
a 50-50 split between the volume and the value. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Cash is actually a headache for us. So I would wish the regulator makes it zero. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sure. This was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Thank you. If I just look at your IT expenses, it has almost gone up 50% last year, FY24 over 
FY23. I just want to understand, do you expect the kind of momentum to continue? What is the 
budget for IT and where exactly is it being spent? 
Aseem Dhru: 
So last year, we upgraded our new LOS, we upgraded a new LMS and we invested in data 
warehouse, as well as build a DR/BCP, etc. And we went for ISO certification and that had its 
own set of investments to do. So it was a year where we beefed up hardware, software, as well 
as security infrastructure. We also moved on the data protection side on Sentinel, which is what 
we use for data protection as well. So, we upgraded our infrastructure last year majorly. Now it 
is business as usual. So, there are no immediate further investments that we are looking at, 
material ones. Maintenance and health investments will continue. So we will be near about 
where we are now. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
All right. There has been a fluctuation in gold prices due to the custom duty reduction. What 
does it entails to gold borrowers in general and particularly you? Did you adjust the LTV, or 
have you actually called for more capital? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So largely what tends to happen is we follow a daily MTM process. And clearly while at the 
time of origination, you are expected to maintain a 75% LTV all through. In case there is a 
variance in the value, we do call on to the customers to either put in extra gold and with some 
bit of time lag, then we put up the gold for auction. 

 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
So clearly from a gold price perspective, we are not really in a business of looking at the gold 
price and then speculating how this is going to unfold or probably project that it is going to give 
us a higher margin of safety. We work on a real-time basis, on a daily basis. If there is any 
fluctuation on it, we would go ahead and take the right appropriate steps to maintain our margins. 
If you look at our overall delinquency numbers and 90+ in particular, we have a very strict norm 
of ensuring that those auctions get conducted the moment the MTM breaches happen. And that 
now is consistently being followed on a Q-o-Q basis. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Also, we knew that gold prices were a little overheated, so we were pricing it lower to start with. 
We were not giving market rates in the lead-up to the budget. To that extent, our customers are 
also are in better shape, thanks to that. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. That was very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanket Agrawal: 
Thank you for joining the call. We will continue to engage Q-o-Q. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
