^^y..
s?tW%^
Ref: SEC/SE/2024-25
Date: August 7, 2024
To,
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001
BSE Scrip Code: 500096
x^
^^^^
••»•
^^^ys-
^
»^
wr
India Ltd.
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited -
Q1 FY 2024-25 Financial Results
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Investors'
Conference Call organized on August 1, 2024 post declaration of Financial Results for the
quarter ended June 30, 2024. The said transcript is also available on the website of the
Company at www.dabur.com.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
(Saket Gupta)
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
End: as above
DABUR INDIA LIMITED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhi-110 002, Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3, AsafAli Road, New Delhi -110 002 (India)
PAN: AAACD0474C, CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur.com, Website: www.dabur.com
SAKET 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by SAKET GUPTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9082, 
2.5.4.20=f906b998ff8350884324fce
684efd5ec7e8a30105f5b0582d44ff
06450b0811f, postalCode=201301, 
st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=a413722edb12468a
e84dacaccc2b51cda44d5cd174d4ff
d824b9094df6890d00, cn=SAKET 
GUPTA 
Date: 2024.08.07 11:49:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Results Investors Conference Call” 
August 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
MR. MOHIT MALHOTRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. ANKUSH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. ASHOK JAIN – EVP(FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA – VP (CORPORATE AFFAIRS) 
MS. ISHA LAMBA – HEAD-INVESTOR RELATIONS AND M&A  
MR. KRISHNAN – ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER (FINANCE)  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Isha Lamba: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We apologize for the delay in starting this call. On behalf 
of the management of Dabur India Limited, I welcome you to the earnings conference call 
pertaining to the results for Q1 FY '25. Present here with me are Mr. Mohit Malhotra, Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Ankush Jain, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ashok Jain, EVP-Finance and 
Group Company Secretary, Ms. Gagan Ahluwalia-VP, Corporate Affairs; and Mr. Krishnan, 
AGM Finance. 
We will start with an overview of the company's performance by Mr. Mohit Malhotra, and this 
will be followed by a Q&A session. I'll now hand over to Mr. Mohit Malhotra. Thank you. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you, Isha. First of all, let me apologize for the technical glitch, which was there at our 
end, apologies for that. So good evening, ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to Dabur India 
Limited conference call pertaining to the results for the quarter ended 30th June '24. 
The FMCG sector has demonstrated a gradual pickup in rural markets in the past 2 quarters, 
despite countering challenges such as unprecedented heat wave and high food inflation. 
However, the timely arrival of monsoon, coupled with rural-centric budget with a focus on rural 
infrastructure, agriculture and employment is a key positive for the sector. 
Dabur continued to perform well in quarter 1. Consolidated revenue grew by 9.8% in constant 
currency and 7% in INR terms. India business, including Badshah, grew by 7.3%, underpinned 
by volume growth of 5.2%. Our diversified portfolio continued to thrive achieving market share 
gains in 95% of the portfolio. The International business exhibited a strong growth of 18.4% in 
constant currency terms backed by market share gains in most of the categories. 
Within the domestic business, the Health Care portfolio grew by 7%, driven by performance in 
Digestives which grew by 11%, Health supplements registered 7% Y-o-Y growth, recently 
launched Hajmola Mr. Aam garnered positive feedback from the consumers. Dabur Glucose, a 
key brand in our health supplements portfolio, surged by over 30% amidst harsh summer 
conditions, gaining 70 bps of market share gains. 
Within OTC and Ethical category Health Juices, Baby Care and branded Ethical grew in double 
digits. However, there was some impact of harsh summers on brands like Shilajit and Honitus.  
Going forward, we will continue to focus on consumer-centric engagement initiatives, 
strengthening the doctor advocacy channel and launching innovative campaigns aimed at 
reinforcing relevance and expanding market penetration in the health care business. 
Coming to the HPC business. This portfolio achieved an 8.1% growth; Shampoo and Post-Wash 
segments grew by 14%, driven by strong performance of the Vatika franchise; hair oil franchise 
grew by 3.3%, with coconut oil posting a robust 20% growth. Both coconut and perfumed hair 
oils grew ahead of the category, gaining 25 and 100 basis points, respectively. Additionally, we 
added Cool King franchise with the launch of Toofani Thanda cooling oil and Cool Talc during 
the quarter, which has been well received by the consumers. 
Oral Care portfolio recorded a growth of 11.4% with Red franchise growing at 12% and Meswak 
growing by 18%. Our core offering of Red Toothpaste continued to gain market shares in the 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 3 of 19 
 
quarter with Dabur oral care products reaching 1 out of every 2 households in the country. Our 
strategy of focusing on herbal category, driven by Dabur Red Toothpaste has proven to be highly 
successful. 
Home Care sustained its robust growth trajectory with 8% growth during the quarter. Odonil 
registered a high single-digit growth with particularly strong performance in aerosol and gel 
formats. In line with our strategy to increase our TAM, we have recently introduced Odomos 
liquid vapourizer, which has performed well. Sanifresh posted a double-digit growth, driven by 
strong on-ground execution. 
Skin Care registered a growth of 6% led by Gulabari, which grew in double digits. The newly 
launched body washes under the Gulabari brand name received a good response from the 
consumers.  
Food and Beverage segment grew by 4%. Within the segment, the Foods business demonstrated 
exceptional performance with 21% growth. Badshah also posted a robust growth of 15% year-
on year. The J&N segment got impacted during this quarter due to exceptionally harsh summers 
due to which consumer preference shifted to thirst quenching products such as carbonated 
beverages. 
Our drink portfolio grew in double digits. In the J&N segment, Dabur exceeded category growth, 
expanding our market share by 330 basis points.  
Emerging channels like e-commerce and modern trade posted a robust double-digit growth and 
now contribute to around 20% of our India business.  
Coming to our international business. We recorded a strong growth of 18.4% in constant 
currency terms. This was on back of good performance in Turkey business with 19% growth. 
Egypt, which grew by 64% growth; MENA13% year-on-year growth; SSA business21% 
growth; Bangladesh business posted25% growth. We witnessed currency devaluations across 
emerging markets like Egypt, Nigeria and Turkey, which impacted our INR performance. 
Talking about our profitability, during the quarter 1, our gross margins expanded by 120 basis 
points, driven by moderation in inflation and cost-saving initiatives. We remain committed to 
investing behind our brands and our A&P expenditure increased by around 16% in the quarter, 
with digital spends now more than 30% of overall media spends. 
Our consolidated operating profit increased by 8.3% higher than the top line of 7%, with margin 
expanding by 30 bps during the quarter. And PAT grew by 7.8%.  
We are optimistic that with a good monsoon, improving macroeconomic indicators and rural-
centric government spending, FMCG demand will see a gradual uptick. 
We remain committed to delivering profitable growth across all our business segments. This is 
underpinned by strategic investments behind our brands and distribution expansion, enhanced 
manufacturing capabilities, enhancing digital advancements and fortifying our organizational 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 4 of 19 
 
strength. These endeavors are pivotal in our commitment to driving sustainable value creation 
and reinforcing our strong position in the FMCG landscape. 
With this, I conclude my address and open the floor to Q&A. Thank you. And apologies once 
again for the late start. Thank you. 
Abneesh Roy from Nuvama 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on Badshah. Would you be a bit disappointed with the 15% growth even 
you could have gained from the distribution expansion? Plus in the international market, some 
of the market leaders had a quality issue. So can you gain in the international markets because 
of this from a medium-term perspective? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abneesh, apologies again for the delayed start. Yes, in Badshah, I think the performance has 
been reasonably good. We've been sustaining a good performance for over a couple of quarters 
now. If you look at the volume growth in Badshah, it's around 16%, which is very high. 
In the previous quarter, because of the inflation in spices, there was some amount of price 
increase. Now that price increase amount is not there. So volume growth is 16%, and the value 
growth is 15%. In a couple of SKUs, we've actually taken a price dip in Badshah because of 
softening of the commodity prices. Our gross margins have improved by 500 basis points in 
Badshah. Overall, I think the business is doing reasonably well, and we are very confident of 
doing well. 
As far as the international bit of Badshah is concerned, we also faced a pushback from 
international regulators, especially in the U.K., there's been very tight screening and scrutiny of 
all the dispatches which are happening from India to international driven by the controversy 
which has happened. 
So while our products have not got picked up, but because of a very high scrutiny, there's a long 
queue and backup of the suppliers, which is lining up and leading to delays in the supply chain. 
Actually, our international business declined in Badshah on account of supply chain constraints 
in the international business, which I think we will correct going forward in next quarter and 
growth should pick up. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on Oral Care. You have done well double-digit growth. Market 
leader has also seen very good growth, 13%. So here specific question, is this a signal that other 
categories for FMCG could also revive because clearly in Q1, this is one category which did not 
suffer because of the heatwave. So this was more a normal quarter for the Oral Care and good 
double-digit growth with high single-digit growth for both, number one and you also. And 
second is Meswak, last few years, I think, has been lower growth clearly than Red Toothpaste. 
But this quarter, it's much higher. So is this a base effect catch-up in Meswak? Or is it that some 
proactive steps is really helping here? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. The overall, I think strategy is playing out well. The strategy of building our power brand, 
which is Dabur Red and also bringing in economy which is Babool and also strengthening our 
Red franchise in tooth powder and Meswak being the premium brand. 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Even in Dabur Red, as the quarters go by, we'll be introducing premium offerings in this because 
we are a little bit weaker as far as the premium portfolio in Oral Care is concerned. So that pack 
price architecture we are correcting, and we recently conducted a RGM study, which is revenue 
growth management on Oral Care, and there are now action points which have actually come 
out of that, which we will be implementing. 
So still, I think a lot of opportunity in the Oral Care segment as the Natural segment which is 
30%, has now become 31%, and the growth in the Natural segment is higher than the non-natural 
segment. So we are pretty hopeful on how we've gained around 15 bps of market share in Dabur 
Red also. 
And as you know, we are the number 2 players now in the market, vacated the earlier number 2 
player now and the penetration is also significantly higher , between every 2 household, every 1 
household is the Dabur Red household and our penetration is in the range of around 51% in Oral 
Care. So a huge opportunity in Oral Care. We are revamping our entire Dabur Red portfolio 
also. You will see that, I think, in the second quarter, if we don't get delayed to a third quarter. 
So as far as the Oral Care example panning out to other parts of the portfolio, I think, yes, 
opportunities are there. Rural is rebounding and our shampoo portfolio, which is also very highly 
penetrated has also done very well in this quarter with 14% growth. So that is a telltale sign of 
the fact that rural recovery is in place and sequentially, things should only get better for the 
overall FMCG sector. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One follow-up on the Oral Care. So the market leader under the new MD is also seeing Beauty 
Care strategy within toothpaste. So clearly Visible White is something which they have done, 
and it's doing well also. So my specific question is in Ayurveda, do you have that technology or 
the brand proposition, which can be extended? And when you say you will be coming out with 
premium products, will it specifically target this kind of a gap when I see your portfolio versus 
market leader, specific whitening toothpaste you don't have. So would you need that? And would 
you have the capability to do that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So, Abneesh, Ayurveda has the capability and I think the technical know-how, which the 
market leader may not have, which is where our unique selling proposition cut ice with the 
consumer. That's why you see the Natural segment doing better, whether it is for the problem of 
sensitivity or for removing stains on the toothpaste or for better sensorial for germ kill, etc, 
Ayurveda has got very potent recipes and they are all there with us. 
And we are planning to roll that out. But the first one is the sensitive one, which is what we are 
working. Charcoal Toothpaste, which is what we have positioned it on Whitening. Again, that's 
there, but I think that is not cutting ice because the SOVs are pretty low on the amount of money 
that we have invested behind it. So to your point, again, yes, there is potential, there is capability 
and only limited by a little bit of execution, and that will ramp up going forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, last quick question. So in hair oil, clearly, very strong growth you have seen in the coconut 
part. So here, I wanted to understand, is there a big down trading happening here to the lower 
end of the portfolio across the industry? 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Because the other listed player which came with results today, they saw 15% dip in their 
premium hair oil, but good growth in their base oil. So what will be your take on this? And could 
this reverse because this is more of rural indexation in the hair oil. So would you expect that hair 
oil, which has been a big challenge for all companies last few years could see a more moderate 
growth coming back in the coming quarters? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So I think the competitive intensity has really picked up in hair oil business. And earlier, it 
was only between a tug-off between the number 1 and the number 2, we being the number 2. 
But now there's a number 3 player also who's come, who has deeply discounted the number 1 
player, and they see the revenue growth coming in there. So a lot of focus on coconut oil by not 
the new player, but the old player for whom this category is actually new. So that has come in. 
And that is leading to a little bit of margin squeeze. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Who is that player, Mohit? Who is that player? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We are talking about Bajaj. Bajaj has become very, very aggressive in the coconut oil category 
now. And as you are aware, besides Bajaj Almond, they have become very aggressive in 
coconut. And for them, a new growth pillar is coconut and we've seen a lot of prices getting 
dropped by them and because of which the margin squeeze happening across the entire category. 
But our strategy has played out well for us, and we are doing well in coconut oil. As you know, 
we are trying to plug all the sub segments wherein we are not represented in hair oil because we 
have a right to win in hair oil. One was value added and you will see a lot of action in the value-
added perfumed light segment from Dabur. 
The second one is Cool King which is what we have added. We plugged the gap of cooling hair 
oil. Coconut, we are just trying to ramp up our ante and in perfumed hair oil, our entire playbook 
is working well for us with Amla and the flanker brands. Now what's happened in the flanker 
brands. There's not all good news and rosy picture. 
Our Sarson Amla has not done very well in the previous quarter because the Sarson prices have 
actually inched down. So there's a softening of Sarson prices from INR120 per liter, has dropped 
down to INR110 per liter, whereas the price premium has increased from unbranded to branded 
and our strategy is to take shares from unbranded to branded. 
So there is some sort of price correction, which one will have to do going forward there also. 
And we've seen competitors already doing their price correction and gaining share from us. So 
competitive intensity in nutshell has picked up. Dabur strategy of representing ourselves in all 
subsegments of hair oil stays and premiumization will also happen. There are some subsegments 
where we are not present, which we may want to get presence by way of, if not organic through 
inorganic route also. 
Percy from IIFL 
Percy: 
So I'm saying in terms of the demand trends, what is it that you are seeing in the last 3 to 4 
months, is there an accelerating trend? If not, is it something category specific, etc? Can you 
give some idea on that? 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. Percy, so as far as demand trends are concerned, I will not be very specific to month-on-
month, but I think quarter-on-quarter, since last 3 quarters, we've seen volume growth from 3% 
to 4% to now 5%, and I'm talking about volume growth sequentially for Dabur. It has been 
inching up and you've seen 5.2% volume growth in the current quarter. 
And in the month of July also, we've not seen any flattening of volume growth. Volume growth 
is picking up. But the only little not so nice part is that there's no price component now, which 
is building on the volume increase while volumes are inching up, and that's what we expected. 
So volumes are going up and sequentially in the quarter, volumes will pick up, but the price 
increases and the ability to pick up price increase is going down. We only had 2% price increase 
there and that's why you see a growth of 5.2% plus 2% is equal to 7% overall growth. So going 
forward, volume will increase on back of rural inching up for us. So I expect the subsequent 
quarters to be better than our existing quarters, but definitely not worse. 
Percy: 
Right. And I know it's a little difficult to answer the following question, but to the best of your 
judgment, do you think that this increasing trend from 3% to 4% to 5% has got to do more with 
the macro demand recovery? Or is it more to do with your own sort of initiatives that you might 
have taken? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, you're right. That's a very difficult thing to say. I think I would not take the entire credit 
away from the team. I think Dabur team has done a substantially good job on ground and in 
execution. So a lot is driven by our own efforts, hard work and perseverance of the team, both 
at the ends of demand building and also at the end of distribution increase and also on cost 
cutting. So all the three, whether it's gross margin inch up of 120 bps that was driven by more 
Samriddhi and pack price architecture in RGM study, where the finance team actually worked. 
Distribution initiatives also worked. Outlets reach have actually gone up by 50,000. Our villages 
have gone up by around 21,000. Yoddhas have gone up by 3,300. Our price bundles to leverage 
the distribution on ground has also improved. We've created bundles of INR10 and accessible 
price points across different portfolios, and that's done well. 
As far as emerging channels are concerned, our innovation rate in e-commerce is roughly around 
10% to 15%. We've seen innovation is firing as far as e-commerce is concerned. 
Our modern trade margins are also now in line, if not better than our GP margins now. So the 
more we grow in the emerging channels, which are growing by around 15% and 30% the better 
we get in terms of our margin delivery also. So all these efforts taken by the teams internally 
and obviously, externally, there has been some tailwind on the rural recovery. Because all those 
efforts don't get catalyzed until and unless you have a positive market environment and the winds 
of change working in your direction. And it is just a multiplier effect. And I think that's what is 
playing out, yes. 
Ankush Jain: 
Maybe just to add also, I think this also emanates from the fact that almost in 90% to 95% of the 
categories we have gained market share. So that means the efforts of the team both in terms of 
driving availability and building awareness and driving affordable SKUs, which we call 3As, is 
actually working really fine in the organization, just to add. 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Percy: 
Got it. Got it. Since you mentioned innovation, just a question on your innovation rate, which is 
3% this quarter. So see, innovation is any new product, right? Now there are two types of 
innovations. One is which opens up new consumption and one is which drives excitement in the 
category but might cannibalize. 
So for example, if you have, let's say, you don't deal in soaps, but just an example, if you have a 
soap and you come out with a new variant of a soap, it's not going to add to your consumptions, 
right? I mean it will just be a substitution. So I just wanted to understand from you this 3%, how 
much is actually incrementally adding to your top line? 
And how much is basically driving excitement and what sort of cannibalizing? So if basically, I 
look at just 3% on the face of it, is it fair to say that rest of the portfolio has grown only at 2% 
or maybe you can say it's half and half in terms of some part of it being incremental completely 
and some part of it cannibalizing? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So I think as far as Dabur is concerned, if you look at the overall construct, our addressable 
market, total addressable market is only in the range of around 2% to 3% of the overall FMCG. 
So there are a lot of white spaces which are there in the portfolio, which is what we are trying to 
plug with innovation. 
So it is more increasing trials, getting more consumers in the ambit of the Dabur brand by 
introducing new categories. Just to tell you, for example, Odomos getting extended into LVP. It 
is to get the LVP consumer into Odomos rather than the personal application cream moving into 
LVP because we were addressing a very, very small market. Dabur brand moving to health 
juices, we were never addressing that particular consumption or the occasion. So that is what we 
are addressing and people don't switch from a tablet to a juice ever. 
So if we are getting into drinks, drinks market is to a tune of around INR8,000 crores, we are 
only reaching to INR2,000 crores of nectars and juices. Now that is additional TAM added. 
When we are launching Fizz that's a carbonated market that we are addressing. So we are trying 
to increase our TAM and therefore, increasing our consumption and not really doing something 
for excitement. Excitement comes in some categories. But again, in Gulabari, we have rosewater. 
Rosewater has got extended for us into body bath. But body bath was not present and Gulabari 
wasn't used for a body bath. So that has kind of picked up for us. So it's more of addressing new 
categories for us. And so I think this will be 3%, , but I don't think there's any cannibalization 
per se. 
Ankush Jain: 
Significant part of it would be new categories as Mr. Mohit said, Odomos LVP or Cool King 
franchise completely something which we are even not targeting initially or maybe Vedic Tea. 
So we have entered completely new categories, which are different here. 
Percy: 
Got it. Got it. Last question on Oral Care. See, your growth is very similar to the market leaders, 
but the market leader has a higher element of pricing, I would guess, than you. So generally, 
don't we see that when basically there is a brand which extends its premium beyond a point, then 
it starts to lose market share, but that has not happened. 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 9 of 19 
 
And I mean on the other hand, I mean, if your discount or your relative price premium, let's not 
say discount has changed because of the actions of the market leader, would you not treat this 
as an opportunity to sort of be opportunistic or rather take advantage of this changed market 
relative price and gain market share? And why is that not happening? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. So therefore as far as market share is concerned, you are absolutely right, too much of 
premiumization, you end up losing actually market share, and that is exactly what is happening 
with market leader. While you see premiumization and the growth happening, but the Nielsen 
and the syndicated data is showing that the market leader is losing market share in the non-herbal 
segment and all the herbal players, be it Patanjali or us or other herbal players are actually 
inching up their volume market share. So there's attrition happening from the non-herbal to the 
herbals and that's why herbal penetration is actually moving up, absolutely, to your point. 
As far as our business is concerned, 8% is our volume growth and 3% is our price growth, 
leading to our 11% growth. But our secondary growth is in the range of around 12.2%, which is 
in line, and we've done some sort of inventory correction also here. So that's what we've done. 
But you're absolutely right, market leader is actually paving way for us to follow and therefore, 
increasing premiumization in our portfolio so that we can play catch up too. But it's not just 
about gaining market share and keep at a lower price, because they've got a Visible White and 
they've got Total , which are different segments altogether rather than only the main categories. 
Percy: 
I agree. I'm just saying in the Colgate Strong Teeth also, they had couple of quarters ago, taken 
a fairly big price increase, which I think was not mirrored in your portfolio. And I'm just saying 
from that point of view, with that price differential widening, shouldn’t this doesn't matter to the 
consumer in any way? And should that result in a market share gain for you? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So there is an opportunity. As I just told you, we just finished RGM activity with a very big 
consultant in India, and we have compared and contrasted our prices of all SKUs across the 
board with competitor and any opportunity in that we will not lose especially in oral care. So 
that we have already plugged the gap. 
Mihir Shah from Nomura 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to check on the juices portfolio. last year, it had a low base and start of the year 
also has been subdued because of the weather conditions. Ex of seasonality going forward, how 
should one think about the growth in juices? Do you think it can come back to early to mid-teens 
growth? Or do you think there is some other issue that is hampering its growth profile? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So let me not restrict myself to juice portfolio, let me talk about the beverage portfolio. 
There are some parts. But for beverage, our food portfolio is doing well. I already explained to 
you in my call that our foods is growing by 20%, Badshah is growing by 15%. So we are well 
as far as food is concerned. In beverage, there are three parts of the portfolio. 
One is a 100% juices. Our 100% juices under Active is growing by around 21%. So that's taken 
care with very healthy growth. Now we come to the nectar part of the portfolio. Our nectar part 
of the portfolio is the one which is a little bit flagging. I'll come to the reason in a bit. The drink 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 10 of 19 
 
part of the portfolio is growing at 19% or 20% for us and the Fizz part of the portfolio is growing 
by 100% for us. As far as carbonated is concerned, that's 100% growth. Drink is a 19% growth. 
100% Juices is a 21% growth. 
Now coming to the Nectar part. What's happened is, that there are cola wars which are happening 
in India, in which there's a third entrant, which has entered into the cola business. And because 
of which and for him to take market share, it has dropped the prices and made 250 ml available 
at INR10 due to which the market leader has also dropped the prices, due to which the number 
2 player has also dropped the prices. 
So the price index between a nectar and cola has significantly increased. Our relative price index 
used to be 2.2x. This 2.2x has gone up to around 3.2 to 3.25x. So that is just to give you an 
example. The INR10 pack, which is available at INR10 for cola or a drink, our 200 ml, which is 
a portion pack available at INR 20, 2x the price point. 
So that's the problem, which is happening. And because these drinks and nectars or these colas 
have become so cheap, consumers are trading out of nectar into cola and the summer season has 
accentuated this problem, because of this acute summer of 40-degree, 50 degrees outside, the 
consumer wants more hydration and more refreshment rather than nourishment and health. 
So it's a dual impact, which is what we are facing. One at the price end because the price premium 
of nectars have gone up as compared to cola, which is the market of INR50,000 crores as 
compared to drink market, which is INR12,000 cores to  INR15,000 crores. And number two, 
consumers were seeking out more thirst quenching products. And if you taste this, this is more 
thirst quenching as compared to a juice or a nectar.  
So that is why there has been a muted growth as far as J&N is concerned. If you look at other 
competitors' data also, whether it's Varun or others, the nectar market is only growing at a very 
muted growth. Our market share in the nectar market has gone up by 332 basis points. All other, 
whether it's ITC, and all other players, market shares have actually gone down. So the team has 
done a very good execution on ground, gained market share, but yet the growth has been muted 
there. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Sir, can you share the saliency of nectar within all of these 4 subsegments? Or 
maybe if you can talk about how you're going to address the issue because it doesn't seem to be 
an issue that is going away soon. So maybe the saliency of the other 3 segments can go up. 
Anything that you can shed light on that one. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So what we are doing is we are ramping up capacities for Fizz in Jammu and that is getting 
ramped up. Our capacity for drinks is also getting ramped up. Coconut water also we are ramping 
up, but that takes time. But Nectar represents more than 70% of our total saliency. And we are 
the number 1 player with a market share of more than about 56% there in the Nectar segment. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Got it, sir. Sir, second question is on the OTC and Ethicals portfolio. There were 
quite a few new initiatives and launches that were planned including the Doctor Advocacy etc, 
steps that were taken. Can you share any update on those initiatives? Are you revisiting any of 
them? And when should one expect growth to pick up in this category? 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So Doctor Advocacy is progressing well, and Philipe Haydon is actually leading the charge here 
and it's doing well. We are reaching out to more than 30,000 Ayurvedic practitioners. 30,000 
another general practitioners,12,000 dermatologists, 22,000 gynec and pediacs each. So that's 
well on way. We've got around 400 feet on street on ground. So we are trying to advocate that 
allopathy's alternative system of medicine as good as allopathic which is there.  
So I think that whole playbook is working well for us, but it's a slow progress. As far as growth 
is concerned, we've got a growth of almost around 9% to 10% in therapeutics vertical. So there 
are new people, getting trained, etc, so it's taking time to really get into a flywheel growth. But 
overall, I think it's long term to build health care. That is what we are doing on the Advocacy. 
Overall doing well. 
As far as Ethical is concerned, we've seen a good growth in the Ethical business and Ethical 
business has grown by around 7% to  8% for us, and it's doing well. OTC saw muted performance 
in the OTC mainly driven by the base effect of Honitus, which grew by around 30% plus and 
one or two other brands also grew by 30% last year. That's why the growth is actually muted. 
Plus severe winter's incidence of cough and cold was limited in the summer because of the acute 
summers. So that's why. 
But our Pudin Hara liquid has done very well, grown by around 20%. Our Hajmola has got 
extended into Hajmola Zeera. That has done very well and the response from the market is 
exceedingly well. Imagine Hajmola as a brand getting now pivoted to drink segment which is 
so big in size. 
And we've seen the other Zeera players also doing very well. I think that's a very big news that 
Hajmola as a brand is now pivoting into the very large TAM, which is the drink segment, so we 
were limited by the kind of capacities that we people had. 
Our Baby Care business has also grown by around 45%, and that's also trending well, driven by 
both e-commerce and also now by the therapeutic business. So overall, OTC and Ethicals have 
done well. Health juices are going to be around INR50 crores for the whole year, and we are 
striking at the rate of around INR10 crores plus in the quarter. 
So I think juices are doing well for us, yes. So overall, OTC Ethical had par performance. Some 
part like Lal Tail and Honitus, we had to do some media work to grow the market as a leader, 
which we are up to doing. 
Mihir Shah: 
Perfect, sir. Great to hear that. Sir I have one macro question. If you can talk a bit more on the 
rural growth. What changes are you seeing there? Is the group looking better because of a low 
base? Or are you seeing some consumption improving post the Rabi harvest? Or are you seeing 
changes from the unorganized sector or players to the organized players that change is coming 
back, which you were seeing a few quarters back. And in a sub part to it is, what do you think is 
the issue with urban? Why is it tailing? Why is it going down, sir? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, I think overall, the rural is coming back if you ask me. It's a large long-term impact 
happening inflation going down, elasticity of demand working very well as inflation goes down, 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 12 of 19 
 
price premium goes down, more traction happens in discretionary and staple. That is what is 
panning out. There's a deflation of around 2% that we've seen in the quarter. 
And that's why rural consumer is kind of coming back into the fold of consumption. I think that's 
getting built up by good harvest, normal monsoon, government initiatives of putting in a lot of 
infrastructure, more employment opportunities, MGNREGA outlay going up from 60,000 to 
84,000 crores. New schemes being announced by the government. 
So I think all that is leading to a better sentiment and this better sentiment generally leads to 
better consumption. I can't tell you a very hard fact of correlating with the money in the hands 
of the consumers. But I think sentiment euphoria leads to better consumption, and that is what 
is, I think, happening in rural and the government has also come back in the third term. 
So there is a fair amount of stability as far as the economy is concerned. And that is all going up 
in the overall consumption. But we would have expected even better sops by the government, 
which has not come through. But I think everything is not hunky dory. Because overall FMCG 
market continues to go down. 
So we have seen a sequential decline from 12% to 9% to 6% to 4%, while rural is showing some 
sort of recovery. But Dabur is the bellwether for the rural performance, which we think we are. 
For past 3 quarters, we have seen our rural recovery happen whereas the FMCG market is 
showing rural recovery for the past 2 quarters. 
So we are the lead indicators. I would imagine that we would be for the rural consumption. And 
our sub stockist channel is doing well. Money is coming back. Earlier, the credit terms were 
higher. Now the money is coming back. Our inventory levels also gradually slowly are coming 
down, which had piled up. So all in all, I think we are in a good space, and I think the subsequent 
quarter should be better than the previous quarters in the FMCG sector.  
Mihir Shah: 
Yes, I get it. And absolutely, we believe that you will be the key beneficiary of rural recovery. 
So one is keeping the fingers crossed. 
Lokesh from BOB Capital Markets 
Lokesh Gusain 
The first one is if you could discuss some trends in urban markets, like how they performed in 
the June quarter relative to the March quarter? And then secondly, I know Chyawanprash is a 
low saliency in the June quarter, but I just want to understand how the trends were on a year-
over-year basis when you look at the March quarter performance and when you look at the June 
quarter performance. Did the heatwave have any kind of impact on that product? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Lokesh, as far as urban markets are concerned, urban markets, again, got part, I'll answer your 
question in the part. E-commerce is flying for us. So it's a growth of around 30% in e-commerce 
and driven by quick commerce. Quick commerce growth around 70% for us, driven by Zepto, 
Blinkit, Swiggy, Instamart. 
All they are doing very well, and we've got a structure and a playbook in place, which has kind 
of put this business on a good high growth track and we are working along with all the major 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 13 of 19 
 
players in the quick commerce and devising mixes and portfolio so that our growth is driven 
along with their growth and it's a very high-growth channel for us. Today, quick commerce is 
almost 30% to 35% of our overall e-commerce and doing exceedingly well. Our modern trade, 
the second part of the urban is growing at around 15% thereabout. 
Reliance and D Mart which are more than 65% of the total MT, is also doing well for us. So 
that's, again, a good thing and margins for both modern trade and e-commerce are in line with 
the GT margins. So the more they grow, the better we get, except for the fact that credit is a little 
higher in these two channels, which also in due course of time, we should correct. 
GT is a big elephant that is a drag on the business, which is also urban one, and in which 
wholesale is where the shoe pinches. So we are trying to convert our indirect to direct and 
therefore, trying to reach maximum number of outlets. 50,000 outlets is what we've added in the 
overall direct reach in the quarter. So that's our endeavor for this to go out. So that the 
productivity of people also moves up. So that is what one is trying to do here. 
As far as Chyawanprash is concerned, this is a very low salient quarter for Chyawanprash and 
the heatwave was severe. Amid the heatwave, Chyawanprash to consumers is not making sense. 
We ushered in a campaign called a monsoon campaign to capitalize on the monsoon. And 
immediately after the monsoon, we've seen around 8% to 9% growth happening in July. And in 
the current month also, we are seeing some good growth on the lower base, of course, it's not a 
consequential quarter for us again. So I think with the La Nina impact coming in, we are 
expecting the winters to be a little bit more severe as compared to usual and which should be a 
very favorable indication for Chyawanprash season to go by. So we are keeping our fingers 
crossed this year for Chyawanprash to do well.. 
Lokesh Gusain 
And then just you mentioned something about inventory correction in the Oral Care segment. 
Could you just talk a bit more about like where was that exactly & in which channel? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, see inventory correction I was telling a difference between primary & secondary. We've not 
consciously corrected any inventory. So let me put the facts in place. We've not corrected 
inventory, hasn't corrected or taken a beating on the sales to correct the inventory. We are trying 
to drive secondary to correct the inventory. 
So our secondary sales has been higher than our primary sales. To that extent, the inventory 
levels of the stock actually depletes down. In Oral Care, I was telling you our growth is around 
13% in secondary as compared to 11%. So 2% of our overall Oral Care volume should be 
roughly around INR 10 Crores. So around INR10-11 crores of inventory correction in Oral Care 
would have happened and mostly in the GT channel. Ankush, do you want to talk to... 
Ankush Jain: 
Just to give a bit of fact. In fact, our secondary revenue is slightly higher by INR1 or 2 crores in 
this quarter. So it's marginally high. It's just that in the base, the primary was higher. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
But I think overall in the business only, I think secondaries have been higher as compared to our 
primary. So overall, there should be a stock correction to an extent of around INR10-odd crores, 
which would have happened in any case overall, yes. 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Jay Doshi from Kotak 
Jay Doshi: 
First question is on juices and nectars category. Now as per Nielsen, you've gained share by 330 
basis points. But when we look at the reported numbers of Varun Beverages that for them, the 
segment grew 40% this quarter. And from whatever we understand, even Tropicana has grown 
at 20% odd plus. And this year, they have trebled the capacity for Tropicana. So I was just 
wondering that are you losing market share? Is it real in the nectars segment losing market share 
to Tropicana? Maybe it's not reflecting in Nielsen as yet. And if you could share some thoughts 
here. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We've sliced and diced the numbers, actually, you're talking specific. Tropicana used to be 
19.3%, now it's 17.3%, 200 basis points lower. Minute Maid is down by 100 basis points, and 
the Real is up by around 330 and B-Natural is down by 280 basis points. It's all syndicated data. 
So I think we were very careful to analyze and understand this. I think our business has done 
significantly better as compared to all competitors, and Real has been the only exception which 
has grown in consolidated market shares. I can't talk about Varun Beverages results because it 
contains export market, drinks & this that. So there are too many moving parts there. 
As far as Real is concerned, I don't think we are losing. We are not at all losing market share 
here. We were losing market share in the coconut water segment. That is what we are still losing 
market share that we are plugging. So we've already ordered for a aseptic line because you 
require an investment in capex there that we have invested. 
So I think with next season on, even coconut water for Real will be available in the pet bottle, 
which is where we were losing. We were available in Tetra Pack and they were available in pet 
with the new player Storia coming in, it had taken market share from us, but that we will be 
plugging in the coming season. That much of time we took, but that's the learning, yes. 
Jay Doshi: 
One more question. Earlier, you mentioned on the call that modern trade and e-commerce 
margins are similar to general trade margins. So is this an apple-to-apple comparison in terms 
of category comparison or your portfolio in MT and e-commerce is far superior in terms of 
product mix and category mix. And hence, when you look at the margins of GT versus MT e-
commerce, you probably see similar because what we hear from most other companies is modern 
trade and e-commerce are actually margin dilutive. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. So I think over the past 2 years, we have very consciously worked on this to inch up the 
margins and inching up the margins has happened with negotiations with the trade and in the 
channels earlier, we were doing modern trade through our distributors. Now we are moving 
directly. So we saved the distributor margin of around 5%. Now that's coming in handy. We are 
selling larger packs. We are doing more premiumization there. 
So I think it's a very conscious attempt of taking up margins because we realize these are the 
emerging channels growing at a faster pace. If margin dilutive, this will lead to overall decline 
in the operating margins and things will become worse. So we worked on it, I think, very 
consciously. Earlier, we used to offer a lot schemes, now schemes are getting net off from the 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 15 of 19 
 
top line, therefore some GST savings happening there. And then overall, I think it's proving out 
to be a very positive sort of look for us. 
Jay Doshi: 
This margin, when you talk about margins between channels, is it EBITDA level or gross 
contribution level? 
Ankush Jain: 
It is net margin, net of all direct expenses with the media including visibility spends. 
Jay Doshi: 
okay, understood. 
Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley 
Sheela Rathi: 
I must admit this time's annual report completely resonates with the company's positioning. So 
my first question was with respect to the market share gains, which we have been seeing in 
Odomos and Odonil. I understand that Odomos is much smaller than Odonil, but what is working 
out in favor for us? And where do we see the scale-up in this category at the overall level in the 
next couple of years? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So Sheela, so I think Home Care is a great opportunity for us and very high margin accretive 
category. We make margins in tune of around 60% broadly in Home as compared to other places. 
So we are very well placed. Odomos is an underleveraged brand for us because the total top-of-
mind recall for Odomos will be very high, and Odonil also will be very high as to the amount of 
turnover. That's why we are now pivoting Odomos towards mosquito repellency and insecticide, 
so to say. Therefore, we had introduced Odomos Racquets first, then we introduced LVP that is 
also coming in. So we are trying to expand the total addressable market for Odomos. And so is 
the case with Odonil getting extended to different formats. Odonil just not being PDCB block, 
but also being air fresheners, also being gels, also being powder, also now getting into air 
fresheners, etc. 
So the entire gamut of freshener category will be captured by Odonil and insecticide with the 
Odomos. That is the overall attempt, and we want to take our Home Care to INR1,000 crores. 
And still, it is not INR1,000 crores. Odomos totally for us should be around INR800-odd crores. 
So total Home Care will be around INR800 crores. So we should be able to take this up to 
INR1,000 crores by increasing the TAM. That's a big picture. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. Second was just a follow-up to the previous participant's question. With respect to 
the margins. But again, more importantly, we have called out that quick commerce is doing very 
well for us, up 70%. Which brands from our portfolio fitting to the quick commerce related 
demand and are the margins similar for quick commerce similar to e-commerce? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So I think juices are doing well. Juices are doing well for us than quick commerce also now 
toothpaste is doing exceedingly well. So quick commerce players, besides just carrying grocery. 
Now they started carrying the personal care also and the new product bundles are going on 
personal care and doing well. Even our Badshah Masala has now been geared to our quick 
commerce business. And I think it will do well. Odomos also is doing exceedingly well in quick 
commerce for us, yes. 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Sheela Rathi: 
Would the margin be similar to e-commerce when you say for quick commerce? Or Will it be 
better? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Quick commerce margins are better than e-commerce. Amazon's rate and all is higher as 
compared to Zepto and Blinkit and Instamart, etc. So quick commerce margins are better than 
e-commerce. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. One final question was on the rural bit, while responding to the earlier question. 
You mentioned that your channel is doing well and money is coming back. Is this the first quarter 
when we are seeing this money coming back from the channel much faster. Is it fair to say? Or 
has it been something we have been seeing as a trend improving for the last few quarters? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So I think I'm talking about the current quarter. So I don't know if it is a trend we have to wait 
and watch that's what I said. The sentiment seems to be improving. So it's a little wait and watch. 
And geographically, the mix is very different. If you ask me, South India is still reeling under 
pressure. And where the little ease is happening is in UP, Bihar for us, that is easing out, that's 
getting better. Central is getting better. But I think South India is still reeling under deep pressure. 
Avi Mehta from Macquarie 
Avi Mehta: 
I just wanted to better understand your comment on pricing that you had indicated during the 
start of the call. Is this in any way you worry in suggesting that the 3% pricing growth that we 
were aspiring in FY '25, that could be at risk because the price hikes in health care are getting 
harder or if you could kind of help us better understand that comment. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, I did not say that we aspire to have a 3% of a price increase. I did not say. I only mentioned 
the deflation in the current quarter is to the tune of around 2%.  
Avi Mehta: 
I misunderstood that comment. I'm sorry then. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So I said that there is a deflation of 2% and there's a 2% of carry forward price increase that 
we are seeing in the current business. And this is a price increase that we've taken in the previous 
quarter, which is getting rolled over to the current quarter. So that is overall sort of 2% plus 
volume growth of 5% and 7%. So I anticipate volume growth going up and price growth to be 
muted in the tune of around 2% only. As far as health care is concerned, our price increase in 
the current quarter, a 6% price increase in the health care business. 
Our HPC business has a price element of around 1.4% to 1.5%. And food is actually all volume 
driven. So that is the way it will be going forward in the quarter because if there is inflation, 
which there is, as I see the inflation in food is very high today, so we might have to take some 
price increases in food, but it depends upon how the situation is. Our margins are holding up, 
and that's where we are, yes. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Perfectly clear. And yes, I misunderstood your earlier comment. And the other just wanted 
to understand what's on the Namaste, any update over there? 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Avi Mehta: 
I just wanted to get an update on the Namaste case. Is there any update over there? Or it's status 
quo? Any news over there, if there is? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. In Namaste last update when we gave you and an update now, we've been able to achieve 
the corporate separateness in Namaste. So Dabur International & Dermoviva are not a part of 
the litigation now anymore. So only Namaste, which is less than 1% of our profit and turnover 
is in the ambit of the legal case. So that's a very good development happening in our favor. 
Number two, we've been negotiating the legal cost and the legal cost as compared to last year to 
the current year is substantially lower. So this quarter, we've only incurred INR18 crore of legal 
cost. In Q1 FY24, it was in the range of around INR25 crores, so substantially lower for the full 
year. We should be incurring a cost of around INR80 crores as compared to INR100 crores last 
year. 
So, I think overall, still the case is in the discovery stage, and we are also talking to our insurance 
companies to see if we are able to get 50% of the amount that we are paying to the lawyers for 
fighting the litigation. If that happens, then we will be able to reverse the provision that we've 
kept for the cost that we've incurred right now. 
Amit Purohit from Elara Capital 
Amit Purohit: 
Sir, just on the Health Supplement segment, you grew by 7.8% this quarter. And if I look at 
historically, since FY '21, this segment has faced challenges post the COVID benefits that we 
had. How do we think I mean, for this year, since the base is favorable for Q3, would the slower 
growth you would attribute largely to the unfavorable seasonality or is there any structural 
change which is happening because we have taken price increase as well in this segment. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So there are three elements of health supplements for us: Glucose, Chyawanprash and 
Honey. If you see our Glucose has done very well. I think the entire heatwave actually provided 
a tailwind and a favorable environment for Glucose to do well. Our Glucose business grew by 
around 30% and a market share gain of around 70 bps in the overall segment. So that's done 
well. We also introduced Glucose in our drink segment, which also has done well for us. Our 
value-added Glucose is doing better. Vitamin C and other flavors are doing better than our 
regular glucose, which is also margin accretive. Our margins have substantially improved in the 
Glucose segment also. 
As far as Honey is concerned, we faced some concern on last winter. The winters were very 
acute and some part of Honey had actually crystallized in the marketplace. So we've taken back 
some stock. So therefore, the growth on honey wasn't there in our health supplement piece and 
even Chyawanprash due to the high heatwave it's not done so well in the current quarter but post 
our monsoon campaign in the month of June and July, we've seen good growth happening in 
Chyawanprash. And going forward, as I was telling you before in my previous remarks, that 
with La Nina impact, we anticipate winters to be severe. So Chyawanprash should do well going 
forward in the season. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sure. And lastly, on the margin guidance for FY '25, should we assume to be similar to FY '24? 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. See, we've got 120 bps of gross margin improvement. Part of that around 80% of that will 
be plowed back into media and balance will flow through to the operating margin. So there will 
be some amount of improvement in operating margin. If the deflationary environment continues 
and we anticipate in the second quarter, the deflationary environment will be there, we'll have a 
flat sort of inflation that's the prediction that we got from our procurement function. 
So that should remain. But in quarter 3 and quarter 4, there's some anticipation of inflation 
coming in. And if that inflation comes in, we'll have to watch the gross margins and our media 
but we are committed to investing behind our brands and therefore, doing higher media. In India, 
the media percentage to top line was 8%. We want to inch it further through Samriddhi benefit, 
some part of gross margin flow-through and balance will get into operating margin. So I can't 
really comment with certainty. Margins will grow beyond 19.6% that you see, but how much? I 
really can't say. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham from Ambit 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sir, one question would be that in the Oral Care segment where you're seeing strong growth. Is 
there an element of distribution improvement also considering, I think we reached 3 million 
outlets in the segment versus the 8 million in total that we have and could that be a sustaining 
factor of growth going forward? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So I don't know. I think the distribution initiatives actually incrementally add to the entire 
portfolio or not really to oral care per se. But I think our visibility, our activations in modern 
trade and e-commerce have really ramped up as compared to last year. So we changed manning 
in modern trade. There's a different head who has come in. 
I think we've got higher shelf shares in modern trade for Dabur Red and for others. I think our 
share of shelf in modern trade would have significantly improved. And also in e-commerce, our 
business would have ramped up. As far as GT is concerned, I don't think distribution has 
incrementally added to the growth which is happening. We are investing ahead of the curve as 
far as media is concerned. So South business has done well. Our market shares have improved 
over there. 
But in North India, there's a huge scope and Patanjali in particular State of UP, etc, has gained 
market share from us. So there's a lot of hard work which has to happen there on a INR10 price 
point and a INR20 price point to gain shares there, but we are investing. I think it will be more 
demand generation activity there because its more wholesale driven rather than distribution. So 
yes, modern trade e-commerce, definitely. The activation would have played a role. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
That's clear. Just one clarification in juices if you would give the split between in-home and out-
of-home in the Nectar's business only. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Our in-home business would have stayed put while in Nectar, both have gone down, but out-of-
home has significantly improved because of our drink portfolio and Fizz portfolio. And the 200 
mL part of our juices and nectars portfolio suffered because it is Tetra Pak and a lot of Fizz and 
drinks not just us, but also the other players would have taken share from us in out-of-home. But 
in-home, we are staying put as far as our 1 Liter is concerned. 

 
 
Dabur India Limited
 
 
August 01, 2024 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Just one question on the international growth. The Y-o-Y CC growth looks to be quite strong. 
but a sharper impact from the currency devaluation compared to even the previous quarter is 
kind of restricting our INR growth. How is the situation as of today in terms of currency 
devaluation across your international markets? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Ankush, you want to answer? 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes. So I think the currency that has been hovering around 3% or so or thereabouts in last 2, 3 
quarters. I think we will take 1 or 2 quarters more to overlap. And then by Q3, we will start 
reducing, though not completely eliminated. 
Isha Lamba: 
I would like to thank all the participants for joining today's call. Our sincere apologies once again 
for the delay in starting the call. The webcast recording and transcript will be available on our 
website. Thank you and have a great evening ahead. 
 
