RP tedp 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
August 13,2024 
To, 
Listing Operation Department 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Phiroze Jeejecbhoy Towers 
05t Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544119 
Symbol: RPTECH 
Sub: 
Transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet held on 9t August, 2024 
Ref.: Regulation 
30 
of 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part 
A of Schedule III of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 as amended from time to time, enclosed herewith the transcript of the Analysts/Investors 
Meet held on Friday, 9t August, 2024 at 5:00 p.m. (IST); for the Un-Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
The transcript has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.rptechindia.com/investor 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
Thankyou. 
Your faithfully, 
For RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
Hinal Shah 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
Encl:: As above 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
(Formerly known as Rashi Peripherals Private Limited) 
Regd. Office: Ariisto House, 5th Floor, N S Phadke Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra — 400069, India 
« Tel: +91-22-6177 1771 
| Fax +91-22-61771999 * wwi.rptechindia.com 
| CIN: L30007MH1989PLC051039 
HINAL 
TEJAS SHAH
Digitally signed by HINAL TEJAS SHAH 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=400067, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=81BD235560DE3607746
83C33C458F83C1C785BAA8CB8821A3C
DD89FF29144666, cn=HINAL TEJAS 
SHAH 
Date: 2024.08.13 10:59:28 +05'30'

RP teci> 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
nancial Year 2025 Conference Cal 
August 09, 2024 
Moderator: 
Krishna Kumar Choudhal 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY '25 Conference Call of Rashi 
Peripherals Limited. 
As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need an 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Krishna Kumar Choudhary — Chairman and Whole Time 
Director, Rashi Peripherals Limited, for “Opening Remark's. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome 
to all. We are delighted to welcome 
you all to discuss our performance 
for the 1st Quarter ended June 30, 2024. This is our second 
earnings call post listing. 
We would like to first brief you about Macro Developments to set up the context. My colleague 
and our CEO — Mr. Rajesh Goenka, will then share our Operational Updates, followed by our 
CFO, Mr. Himanshu Shah, who will update you on financial highlights for the quarter. Post that, 
‘we will open the forum for Q&A. 
Talking about the recent budget which got announced: 
We saw a series of transformative policies designed to propel the IT sector to new heights. 
With enhanced R&D tech incentives, robust support for startups and MSMEs, investments in 
digital infrastructure, the budget sets a solid foundation for driving innovation, growth, and 
digitalization. This will have a positive impact on our growth trajectory. 
Our extensive service portfolio ensures that both vendors and clients experience exceptional 
value. Vendors benefit from our extensive reach and business expertise, while clients receive 
unparalleled support tailored to their needs. This has fostered long-term relationships with 
Page 
1 0f 13 

RPtech> 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
more than 60 brands associating with us for over a decade. Looking forward, our strategy is to 
broaden our product portfolio and forge new associations with additional brands. We already 
operate one of the largest distribution networks in the country, with 51 branches spanning 
715-0dd locations. With a clear vision and a steadfast dedication to excellence, we are well 
positioned to contribute to the continued success of India's IT industry. 
I now hand over to Mr. Rajesh Goenka — the CEO of Rashi Peripherals, to discuss the key 
initiative taken during the quarter. Rajesh? 
Thank you, Choudhary Ji. And 
I think what you mentioned about the tremendous reach that 
we bring in India, this is consistent with our corporate strategy of increasing our penetration 
continuously. 
| am also very happy to share with you that overall Rashi Peripherals have had 
consistent all-around growth. We have grown in each of the regions. We have grown in both 
the LIS and PES verticals, both. 
Some of the noticeable achievements | would like to summarize is, one is we have an additional 
order from NMDC, which is again a three-digit crore figure. Another order we have received 
through a partner for a Tamil Nadu education project, which is again a three-digit figure. So, 
our projects business continues to thrive and gives us accelerated business opportunity. Then, 
we have also inaugurated our laboratory as committed on time. The Embedded Laboratory in 
Bangalore, it is already inaugurated, and now we currently have 18 live demos operation out 
of the same. 
We have also implemented CRM for our sales team. Currently, we have implemented in west, 
and we are all set to expand to all India. Needless to say that our strategies, which we initiated 
this year, continue to remain our focus. And some of the key strategies that we are continuing 
are creating a separate visual display vertical, which we have already created, and the Tamil 
Nadu order is a part of that strategy only. Then, creating a separate LOEM vertical, because a 
lot of local manufacturers are coming, so that is also in the process of implementation. 
And to cover all this, we continue to invest. And currently we are doing a channel business 
forum in 40 cities of India. And 
| want to highlight this that these 40 cities of India are beyond 
the 51 branches or 51 cities where we have the brand. So, they are basically 
the 52 to 92 towns 
of India where our team is doing channel training and channel business forum. 
So, all in all, we continue to have consistent momentum with all these initiatives in place. 
With this, 
| hand it over to our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Shah, to describe about the financials. 
Thank you, Rajesh. And good evening 
to all the investors, family members, and friends. This is 
CFO from Rashi Peripherals — Himanshu Shah. 
I would like to take you through the financial 
'25. 
highlights of the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year ‘2 
Page 2 of 13 

RPtech> 
Moderator: 
Neha Jain: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Neha Jain: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Neha Jain: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Neha Jain: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
On a consolidated basis, we have achieved revenue from operations of Rs. 42,670 million, 
registering a strong growth of 42% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. That stands at Rs. 550.37 
million, which grew by 16.95% on 
a quarter-to-quarter basis. EBITDA stood at Rs. 905.83 
million, which has grown again by 8.23% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Segment-wise, 59% of 
our revenue was contributed by PES, and 41%is contributed by LIS. 
Very importantly, the working capital for our business has improved to 38 days, and we have 
been able 
to maintain a ROCE of 15.17%, which is 1% higher than the last quarter. EPS is, again, 
animportant element of our P&L statement, which has grown by 18%. 
Last but not least, CRISIL Ratings has reaffirmed its rating on the bank facilities for the current 
financial year with an At for long term and A1 for short term. 
Thank you, everyone. With this, we can now open the forum for questions-and-answers. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Neha Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
1just have a couple of questions. In the presentation, you had mentioned about inauguration 
of Embedded Lab in Bangalore in the month of April. 
| just wanted to check, what will be their 
revenue contribution from this lab that is coming up and going forward? 
So, this Embedded Lab 
is 
a part of our Embedded Vertical, which 
is also called as the 
Semiconductor Vertical. And this we started about a few years back. So, this is a value-add for 
testing these samples for various applications. So, obviously, the lab will directly not give a 
revenue, but it will help our semiconductor business to scale up faster and provide real value- 
add to business. 
So, sir, when we say that the semiconductor can grow faster, so can you put a number to that? 
It's very difficult to give a number to that, but the growth in terms of percentage would be at 
least 3x or 4x of our overall growth. 
And how long do we target this, like 3x to 4x growth, in the span of how many years? 
Yes, in two years' time. 
And sir, if currently at presentin Q1 result we see that there s an increase on the revenue side, 
but the margins are subdued. So, just wanted to understand the reason for that? 
So, Neha, the top line has grown because, as you might be aware, we have declared a large 
deal, which we declared on the stock exchange in the first week of April, which we have 
executed during this quarter. Now, this large deal comes with a comparatively lower margin 
Page 3 of 13 

RPtech> 
Neha Jain: 
Himanshu Kumar Shal 
Neha Jain: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakha 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakha 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhaniz 
Rajesh Goenka: 
than the run-rate business. So, the effect of that is visible in the financials. 
If you have any 
further detailing 
to be done, we can connect offline. 
And sir, apart from this new business, what are the other brands that are contributing 
to the 
revenue? 
Yes. So, in this current quarter, there are no significant new brands. New brands, it takes a 
time, they have a longer cycle. So, currently our entire business growth is primarily on account 
of existing businesses only. 
Any particular brand that has major share of revenue? 
Overall, we have had consistent growth across all products and brand categories. The only thing 
is this NMDC order is a little bit additional that has accelerated our top-line growth. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Congratulations on the results. Rajeshji, my first question is, is the entire NMDC data center 
order booking done 
for the quarter, or is there any slow-up 
for next quarter? 
Itis already done. And 
| am happy to share with you, which 
| already shared, that we have one 
more small order from NMDC, which we have just received and will be executed soon. 
And, sir, what is the size of the new NMDC order? 
So, it's around Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 300 crore order currently. 
And that will be executed in the subsequent quarter? 
And sir, 
| mean, could you quantify what is the Tamil Nadu education project order? And when 
will that be executed? 
Yeah. So, this is, again, a three-digit crore figure in terms of size. And this s basically Tamil Nadu 
Government education project where LFD and large monitors and PCs are being installed. 
Again, while we speak, the execution has just started. But Aejas, 
| just want to dlarify what 
happens is execution is directly proportionate to the availability of the products. So, normally 
the execution cycles are a little bit longer. But it has already started, the execution has just 
started. 
Page 4 of 13 

RPtech> 
Aejas Lakhaniz 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Himanshu Kumar Shal 
Aejas Lakhaniz 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhaniz 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Got it, sir, to be available. 
| got what you are trying 
to say. So, Rajesh, could you quantify what 
are the margins in the projects business and what is the working capital intensity in these 
businesses? 
So, itis basically 
for these projects we have to look more from the ROl angle because margin is 
one factor 
but do we carry inventory, 
what credit exposures 
we take, what support 
we get back 
to back, all these three factors together give us an ROI. But yes, it s true that these projects, 
the overall ROl is a lttle bit lower than our regular run rate business. Neha asked that question 
that why top line growth and bottom-line growth there is a gap, and Himanshu explained it 
appropriately. 
Okay. Sir, incrementally, given that you are seeing a lot of these data center opportunities 
coming your way, you just won NMDC, you get another one from them, Tamil Nadu. Is there 
any way that you can call out the projects business versus the core business so that we can 
understand how both facets are moving? 
So, within Rashi, we are keeping this both very differently so far so that this is the first time we 
are talking everything consolidated. Otherwise, as a D&A, we are talking very differently for 
two reasons. One is it should not cannibalize with each other. And second, we should not get 
overwhelmed with these large projects. So, there is avery set process, which we are monitoring 
both independently. And, as 
| again explained to Neha, that even without the large projects, 
our growth momentum continues to be in similar lines. 
And, sir, then X of the large projects and an associated gross margin with that, what would the 
core business gross margin have been for the quarter? Core, maybe gross margin and EBITDA 
if you could quantify. 
It's around 5% as it has been in the previous quarters. So, it's the same. 
And EBITDA also ranges in the same range. 
So, that would then imply that the projects that you have taken are at the similar gross margin 
range as the existing IT businesses. 
No, 50 what 
| am talking of is in the same range because this projects business comes with a 
little lower margin. But the kind of investment, like that Rajeshji mentioned that stock carrying 
days are much lesser than what is there in run rate business. Credit exposures normally we 
tend to take, like we tend not to take on our exposures. 
It is something which helps us in 
improving 
the ROEs. 
And, sir, now that you have got the rating upgrade, what will be the revised rate of interest 
that we will be weighing on to combine debt? 
Page 5 of 13 

RPtech> 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Aejas Lakha 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Aejas Lakhaniz 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rohan Mehta: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
So, Aejas, the rating upgrade has happened from A to A+, which means that 
it is A bracket only. 
Unless we move to AA bracket, significant interest rate benefit is something which we should 
look at when we move to AA bracket. 
And, sir, what will be the total debt today? 
Today, it's in the range of around 600 plus, 
| would say. Debt equity around 0.44. 
Rajeshji, you spoke about what channel business forum, what exactly does that mean and could 
you explain the contours around it? 
Yes, this is one of the biggest channel event brand in the country. We have been now doing 
this for almost 20 years, every alternate year. Our team from the corporate office and the 
branch office, they visit the cities. They meet the local partners, customers. And in the evening 
they have a two-and-a-half hours training program, along with the product display and demo. 
And normally we do not have drinks, so it's not an evening party. And what we have seen s, 
with this interaction, with training, with 
a live demo of the products, and we also give 
confidence to local customers that Rashi Peripherals will provide these products and solution 
doorstep in your respective towns. This has helped us in long-term developing the business. 
So, you have been doing this kind of market for many years? 
Yes. If | remember correctly, this is our 13th CBF which we are doing, and it's basically 
a market 
development, newer markets, newer cities, where the IT penetration is relatively lower. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohan Mehta, a shareholder. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, 
I had a few questions, if you could shed some light on any procurement strategy that we 
have in place when we onboard any brand? And if we have any sense of exclusivity when we 
tie up any with any brand for distribution? 
Rohan, so to answer your question, 
in distribution 
it 
is not procurement, 
it 
is more 
a 
distribution agreement, and it's a long-term agreement. So, it's not like one-time purchase 
Where 
we negotiate the price and then we buy. It's sustainable, over a period of time circulates. 
So, normally our purchases are not negotiated, it's 
a mutual agreement with the vendor, and 
it goes on a rotation basis. And what was your second question? 
Sir, in terms of procurement strategy and if we have an exclusivity concept with any of the 
brands that we work with. 
So, roughly 15% to 17% of our gross revenue comes from either exclusive product or exclusive 
region or exclusive customer base. It could be a combination of all three. 
Page 6 of 13 

RPtech> 
Rohan Mehta: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rohan Meht: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rohan Mehta: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rohan Mehta: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rohan Mehta: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
And typically our agreements with the brand, the duration of the agreement would be, on 
average, how long? 
So, all the agreements vary from one year to five years. But normally in the industry, not only 
for Rashi Peripherals, but agreement terminations are also almost negligible, like we are now 
working with various vendors for 20 or 25 years, and it gets auto renewable. 
So, client stickiness is very good, sir? 
And, sir, do we see any difference in the margins that we get between the two verticals of 
personal computing versus lifestyle and IT? Or if you look at the margins with respect to 
individual brands also, if you could throw some light on that. 
So, obviously PES and LIT both have little bit different margin structure even though if you see 
the overall gross margin is just about 5%, so there is not too much of variation. But at Rashi 
Peripherals, we try to balance both the business 
to sustain our gross margin objectives. 
And, sir, speaking of numbers, any visibility on how the ROCE and ROE would look like in the 
current financial year, any movement on that front? 
So, Rohan, on ROC and ROE numbers, if you see last year February 
we had this capital raise. So, 
definitely to get to the normalcy and the capital raise to get fully deployed and generate its 
volume of business is not a one-year proposition, so we will have to wait till 
it reaches to 
normalcy. So, this year maybe it wil look like the range which we have delivered. 
Correct. And lastly, sir, if you could talk a little bit about our strategy in terms of expanding 
branch, our branch network. Over the next maybe three 
to four years, if we have any ballpark 
range of target number of branches that you want to open? And any criteria that we have in 
terms of when and where to open a branch? 
Yes, so we continuously strive to expand our customer base. And to increase our customer 
base, one of the ways is to expand branch network as well. So, currently while we speak, we 
are doing our basic study, analysis, and viability, and we are hopeful for having few more 
branches in the coming year. 
Sir just one last question, do we actually see client concentration as a risk in the sense that if 
we have any two or three clients that account for a large share of our revenue? 
Again, 
| think, at Rashi Peripherals, because of our widest product range and because of our 
widest reach, our dependency on one or two or three clients is the least. To the best of my 
Page 7 of 13 

RPtech> 
Moderator: 
Manira: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Manira: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Sanjay Shah: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
knowledge, if we exclude online and LFR, then we do not have a single customer which controls 
even 10% of our business, it is much lesser actually. 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Manira from Investo investor investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, what are your measures to bring down your inventory days? 
So, Manira, inventory days, we see a scope of improvement of around 10% from the existing 
level which we continuously work upon it, we continuously track the inventory and align with 
the market demand and the kind of supply times which are required. So, effectively, in long 
run, you can see the optimum levelis at 90% of what we are currently operating at. 
And if you may highlight which are the top brands that contribute to your revenue? 
So, our leading brand currently is Asus. Lenovo is the second largest. Western Digital is the 
third-largest, and so on so forth. But we have a pretty long tail, so our dependency on one 
brand or one productis the least in the industry. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, my question was regarding the future prospects and trajectory for our business and our 
company. Since we have grown so well and we have around 60 global technology brands under 
our net, plus a wider net of customers, reputed customers in India domestically. So, now, how 
do you see to mitigate the risk in future and grow from here? Are we planning or in a pipeline 
to add any more global brands, or even some customers with some, and even what about our 
market share right now in India and how we anticipate that going ahead? 
So, Sanjay, 
| think 
| would answer your point very specifically by giving the history that our 
CAGR for last 20 years has been about 20%. Last three years, our CAGR has been 23%, right? 
So, that's our background. The same question 
| was asked five years back, 
| was asked 10 years 
back, and 
| was also asked about 15 years back. So, that's one history. Now looking positively 
at the future, there are two, three things happening. One is digitization. Everything is going 
digital. So, the consumption of ICT products and solutions continue to grow on a macro level. 
So, therefore, the industry will continue to grow and all third-party reports that we have gone 
through indicate a double-digit growth in next few years. 
Second, newer product categories and solutions, like for example, data centers, the order that 
We just executed, it was never in our radar five years back. But right now it came and we have 
a substantial business play in that segment. Similarly, 
we have started a semiconductor vertical 
three years back. Similarly, last year or just recently we have started a visual vertical. Visual 
Page 8 of 13 

RPtech> 
Moderator: 
Rushabh Shah: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rushabh Shah: 
Krishna Kumar Choudhary: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Moderator: 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Himanshu Kumar Shal 
means displays, displays that you see not only in our homes, offices but even at airports, 
highways, education institutes. 
And the latest vertical that we have started is LOEM. India now is going for manufacturing. So, 
when you go for manufacturing, the manufacturers will require the components to be sourced 
locally. So, that's where Rashi Peripherals will play an important role. So, all this, coupled with 
some more things coming in next few years, we are very optimistic to sustain our growth 
momentum. 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ihad two specific questions. Are you planning to enter any new product segments? 
Yes. So, it's part of our strategy. And as 
| mentioned when | mentioned about the visual vertical, 
so visual vertical, we were earlier doing LG, and now currently we are also doing ViewSonic. So, 
it's a process within the organization. Newer verticals, newer products, newer technology. It's 
in our DNA, and we will continue to do that in coming times as well. 
And the second question was with regards to the foreign exchange fluctuation. So, what 
strategies are in place to manage these foreign exchange fluctuations for the import of our 
products? 
So, yes, 
| think this is a question we almost getat every call. And it's a very valid question from 
an investor point of view. Almost 40% products are being imported. And the pricing is normally 
kept at the current level, plus something which s going 
to cover 
our future hedging cost, right? 
Number one. Number two, the inventory what we carry, the pricing of inventory is being 
evaluated every week. And based on the current exchange rate, the prices are taken care of. 
So, it's an auto hedge. The third thing that we also hedge as part of our imports vis-a-vis our 
payment due date. So, altogether everything is taken care of to my future exchange rate. 
It's a combination of partial hedging and partial inbuilt business parameters where we get 
natural protection. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Manoj from KSA Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, this is Manoj Jethwa here from KSA Securities. Sir, my concern is that we are working on a 
very wafer-thin margin as we are the distributors for the 60 technology partners. So, in future 
if any some challenges come, so how are we protected against that? This is one question from 
my side, sir. 
So, Manoj ji, if you see, we have the widest portfolio of products like 60 brands and the 
portfolio for distribution itself 
is a risk mitigation proposition, first of all. Second, dependency 
Page 9 of 13 

RPtech> 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
of one brand is not more than 23%, 25%. And there also we have different strategies or long- 
term relationships in place wherein there's no visibility of any such risk getting popped up. 
Thirdly, our engagement with the brands and the penetration into the geography wherein we 
have largest network of distribution provides us that upper edge to mitigate the risk whichyou 
are foreseeing or trying 
to find a solution to it. 
And my second question is relating to the artificial intelligence, because many of the products 
in ICT or LIS things and all that, right now artificial is getting embedded in most of the products. 
So, do you see it would be a good volume-wise also and margin-wise also we may have some 
good margins on those products if we distribute such products? 
So, this s the question closest to my heart. Al, everyone is talking of Al And it is true that Al 
implementation, the pace of the implementation is amazing, but it's also a fact that it is just at 
the start point right now. So, while we speak, we have started receiving few laptops which are 
Al-enabled, there are few solutions which are Al-enabled. And the large project order that we 
have executed is again basically Al data center. So, while we are very optimistic and we see the 
big business opportunity coming our way, but it will have its own gestation period, and we are 
actively engaged in this field as well. 
My last question would be our present and future synergies as for the data centers, artificial 
intelligence data centers in relation to NVIDIA Company, could you add some color on that? 
So, we are one of the oldest and the largest distribution partners for NVIDIA now for many, 
many years. And we hope to continue to work with all these technology companies to bring 
the solutions to Indian consumer and enterprise. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin from Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Congrats to the entire team for a record quarter and execution of such a large order in a single 
quarter. A few questions, sir, if we can get a gross debt number and cash number as on June 
30? 
Sorry? 
Gross borrowing number and a cash and investment number. 
We can share those offline, it's not part of the results which we have, and we can discuss it 
later. 
Largely, the net debt has remained flat quarter-on-quarter or has it declined, increased? I think 
March '24 it was Rs. 523 crores like that, so largely it's a declined, increased, or a trend if you 
can give? 
Page 
10 of 13 

RPtech> 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Working capital gap if you see, has increased a little bit with increased level of activity. So, the 
balance sheet items, we can take it up offline. 
Okay, no problem. Sir another is, as you mentioned, again, two large orders coming with me as 
part of the projects business. And, again, last part of the same would be executed in quarter 
two. So, the margin trend, again, as compared to the historic margins, would optically look 
low? Particularly because NMDC already has low margins, but what about the Tamil Nadu 
order, that's a normal part of the business, which is a normalized margin, or do you think that 
also has a low-margin component in that? 
Bhavin, 
| do not think we have that luxury of these Rs. 100 crores or Rs. 200 crores projects at 
large margins. There, the margins are always tight. So, it is going to be in the similar range as 
well. And margin pressure will continue 
to be there. But as | said earlier, ROIs is what we should 
look at, and ROl are, of course, lower than our regular business for sure. 
Sure. And sir, if you can give a trend in the 1st Quarter, and maybe again in July and August, 
which is something of your key product segment, how particularly 
the industry is growing and 
you yourself are growing in terms of desktop, laptops, drives, a few of the product segments 
you want to highlight, what are the trends emerging and growth rates happening there? 
So, | think, overall, if | go by the third-party reports, then they indicate that the market was 
either flat or some part of the market was negative in the last quarter. But at Rashi Peripherals, 
by the virtue of the variety of products and solutions we have, by virtue of the reach in a 
number of cities and our number of customers, which has both actually grown, which has 
resulted in a decent growth for us. 
To answer your specific questions, basically what we have done is we have increased our 
market share because of our penetration. So, as a result, 
| would say, in 80% of the product 
categories we have had growth, barring one or two exceptions, like for example, solid-state 
drive, that market there is 
a major price crash happened globally. So, that market is actually a 
little bit de-growth. Second, a bit of component market, which is again not an organized 
market, so there also there is some de-growth. But other than that, almost all product 
categories, we have had a double-digit growth. 
So, except for these two, largely you are having a double-digit growth across your category. 
And that too basically has been driven by more penetration, more distribution network, and 
slightly higher market share from your competitors. Again, most of the products also you have 
been the only distributor o the top distributor. So, very difficult to get incremental market 
share, so penetration has led to more market share? 
Yes, s0 20% business, as | said earlier is like, 
| would say 17%, 18% business is exclusive. Rest 
80%, 82% business is non-exclusive business. So, there is obviously a scope to get market share 
Page 
11 of 13 

RPtech> 
Moderator: 
Participant: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Participant: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Participant: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Neha Jain: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Himanshu Kumar Shah: 
Neha Jain: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
as well. But 
| think penetration coverage is one of the prime key areas for us in having this 
growth. 
Thank you. Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Forum, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
I have two questions. Are there any add-on benefits to create separate vertical for visual display 
business? 
Is there any additional benefit for? We missed your word. 
Benefits to create separate verticals for visual display business? 
Yes, definitely. Because if you have a separate vertical, you have separate team, then they are 
trained to manage that respective business. And then there is more focus and attention. And, 
therefore, you tend to get higher success. And that has been our strategy. 
| cannot comment 
about others, but that's our strategy. 
The other question is, are there any margin difference in different distribution channels? 
Yes, amongst the channel, LFR and online, margin percentage varies. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Jain, a shareholder. Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to check what 
is the split between the metro and non-metro? 
And how do we see 
it going further? 
So, | think, Neha, to answer your question, to be very specific, we have 60:40 metro versus 
non-metro ratio. And depending on the season and depending on the project, this keeps on 
varying. Of course, currently this quarter because of the large one or two projects, the metro 
seems to be higher. But 
| am sure in July, August, September, which is Q2, which is more a 
consumer quarter, again, 
it will come back to around 60:40. And that's what we think is 
realistic. 
So, it's an annualized basis, Miss, it will be 60:40 is what we feel. 
Okay, sure. And so just one last question about the mobile distribution segment. As we are 
aware that the competitor already has good presence in this segment, so can you expect any 
such move from our company? 
So, we take pride in saying that we are probably the only one and unique distribution company 
which is committed to ICT. So, we are an IT distribution company. However, while saying so, 
even during the IPO stage, we were asked these questions many times. And we said that, 
Page 
12 of 13 

RPtec 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
> 
considering the overall margin and the opportunities, we will evaluate as and when it comes. 
But, currently, in the ICT, you can see our growth almost 40% plus. We have enough on our 
plate while we speak today, you will never know what comes opportunities tomorrow. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today, and I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Goenka, CEO of Rashi Peripherals Limited, for closing 
comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you so much, all our investors, family, and friends. It was good to talk 
to you. 
| hope we 
are able to give you some vision for Rashi Peripherals. And, on behalf of myself, 
I also want to 
thank Adfactors and our entire management team sitting here and helping us to answer your 
queries. Thank you so much, all of you. 
Thank you. On behalf of Rashi Peripherals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your line. 
Page 
13 of 13 
