             
  
 
 
Ref. No. CS/S/L-801/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 12th August, 2024 
 
To:  
The Listing Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E ), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: VMART 
Fax: 022-26598120 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in  
To: 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
THE BSE LTD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 534976 
Fax: 022-22723121 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 6th August, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
and amendment thereof. In reference to our letter dated 1st August, 2024 (Ref. No. CS/S/L-790/2024-25) 
regarding the intimation of the conference call with Analysts and Investors held on 6th August, 2024, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the aforementioned conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the Company's website: www.vmart.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Truly 
For V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
 
Megha Tandon 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
Encl: As above 
MEGHA 
TANDON
Digitally signed 
by MEGHA 
TANDON 
Date: 2024.08.12 
17:23:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“V-Mart Retail Limited 
Q1 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. LALIT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
V-MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 
 
MR. ANAND AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – V-MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
 
MR. TEJAS SHAH – SPARK INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES PRIVATE LIMITED (AVENDUS SPARK) 
 
 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to V-Mart Retail Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by Avendus Spark. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tejas Shah from Spark Institutional Equities Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Tejas Shah: 
Thank you, Sagar. On behalf of Avendus Spark, it's our pleasure to host the Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of V-Mart Retail Limited. From the management side, we have today, Mr. Lalit 
Agarwal, Managing Director and Mr. Anand Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. 
I'll now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, followed by a Q&A 
session. Thanks. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, Tejas. Great to see you guys once again in 
the call. Very, very happening quarter in terms of political scenario in the country, in terms of 
the consumption or the change in the consumer behavior. So what we have noticed in this 
quarter, which is April to June, is the biggest festival in the world democracy, is the Indian 
election. A lot of hue and cry, lot of election rally and lot of media exposure to a lot of discussions 
for the situation, which was largely around politics, and we all know about that. 
So it definitely impacts the businesses also, especially the smaller districts and smaller towns. 
And it also curtail some amount of movement and some amount of law and order situations in 
that particular town or city, wherever these kind of events happen or wherever these kind of 
rallies or wherever these kind of big, large leader comes in and they attend those functions. 
So, there were, on an average, almost three to three and a half days of disturbance that we had 
across our towns, wherever we operate stores in the country. So, but yes, largely, this is also 
definitely has been a big driver of economy, we believe, because there's been a lot of spending 
by the whole machinery, whether the government machinery or the political party machinery 
and the candidates themselves. 
So, some spending, definitely, it's not big spending for the consumer, but definitely, it is good 
to trickle the economy and then put inertia to the economic wheel. So, that's what I believe in, 
because there was a hidden consumption demand. There were people who were trying to 
consume, but yes, it gave some amount of inertia there to try and push it a little bit. 
We saw some betterment. We've seen some betterment coming in from the rural areas and the 
urban markets. We are getting, definitely, mixed response from other companies and other 
players and competitors as well. So, what we are also noticing is certain companies haven't still 
recovered or are still looking at this as a low time, but I see some green shoots. There are 
definitely some green shoots, not too much, because when we go to the hinterland, when we go 
to the towns, the problem that used to exist is already there. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Definitely, there is some lows on the basic staple inflation, especially from the oil side or oil 
prices side. So, some part of that I am seeing a little low, which is definitely leaving some money 
for the normal household to spend on other items. But still the inflation rate continues around 
5%, still on the high base, so that is still a problem to an Indian consumer into a normal 
household, which is earning between INR 20,000 and INR 35,000. So that's the normal 
household which we study and we try to study. 
So the market seems to become a little better, employment status looks a little better on the 
ground level. People are confident that there is definitely going to be a bigger, better 
employment, because states are trying to open consumer and open the large amount of masses 
by giving a lot of good promises and newer ones and newer benefits and newer plan even before 
election. And now after election as well because of the kind of results that we have got, which 
is also bringing in some kind of complemented overall market, which is what we required, which 
is not going to provide in the future development. 
So I think that's a good news that we are in. The confidence index of the consumer is getting 
better. They believe that they will not be spared in the coming future. They will definitely get 
more employment and their ability to earn and earn more is definitely really sustained. Even on 
the skills part or even on the employment part a lot of work has happened. So some of those 
good news. 
On the competition side, I think the competitors have been very good, a lot of competitive 
activity has been seen, almost always we see the activity. Still, people who are able to give good 
experience to the consumer and provide good quality and provide good variety and great 
experiences are able to sustain and then definitely are able to grow much beyond what is 
required. 
So, we are seeing those good positive signs in the market. The market definitely is there. It is all 
about how much market share can you acquire versus other set of competitors who are also 
struggling. And largely, we have seen some struggle coming in also from the premium segment 
of the market or the upper middle segment of the market, where the prices of the premium brands 
operate. So, we are seeing some pressure there. We are also seeing pressures on so-called value 
retailers who are still on the little higher of the market segment. They are also on the report of 
struggles. But I think these are all temporary phenomenons. People will get back to the basic 
demand and they will come back to their phase. 
 
On the other side, I think for V-Mart I think we have been trying to focus on our basic 
fundamentals. We have focused on all agri generated markets and then largely impacted by agri, 
but yes, we definitely believe that the consumers are aspirational now, and they will want to 
consume more consume better. They are much more aware of the audience and we believe and 
we understand and we recognize that these consumers are no more the traditional consumers. 
They are definitely a little more learned consumer demanding a little better fashion, demanding 
a little higher fashion, demanding the latest collection, which is coming in. So, some of those 
pieces we are seeing, definitely, consumers are appreciating all good things that the brand does 
or what we have been doing. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
We have been sticking for the last two years, we have been continuously working on our internal 
processes and our internal parameters on our internal understanding on the consumer or even 
technology or even the way we source and the way we procure and the way we design and then 
the kind of quality that we want to provide to the consumers and the experience and the 
betterment of experience that we want to provide, some of those initiatives, which we were 
struggling in the last year are showing some results. 
We still believe that most of our efforts have not still been completely rolled out. We still believe 
we're only at least to 50% of what we could have done. But still, there is lot more that we have 
in plans that we will want to better and give this experience to the consumer. Now consumers 
are ultimately worried about the product that they get, the prices that they get and the experience 
that they have when they are shopping at the stores or when they go back into the home and post 
sales experience or they connect with the brands and go back home or they are not coming in 
the stores. How do you do that? 
 
So, in that respect, our omni team has also really worked a lot, the Limeroad team including the 
offline team. They have really worked on very, very nicely on a product called One Click which 
is actually giving a great omni experience to the consumer, giving more satisfaction to the 
consumer. We definitely have a much better communication tool. We have integrated some 
communication tool. We have now 100% digital building done at the store, integrating the 
customer or getting integrated with the customer-on the WhatsApp account. So that is also giving 
a lot of personalization to the consumer and then definitely talking to them over a period. 
 
So, some of these pieces and then also reaching them out on the digital medium, trying to create 
those full factors. So, whatever we got is the brand trust, whatever the understanding, the trust 
on V-Mart, the trust of our customers on us giving in the past and even today, Yes, I definitely 
showed up whatever we did, whatever we were doing wrong and wherever we corrected, we got 
great response. We got really good trust and good feedback from the consumers. 
 
Consumers came out in huge numbers and then they really turned up and give us the confidence 
of that whatever we are doing is on the right direction, both in terms of the fashion element 
because that was a big, big change that we brought in, in terms of focusing more on the Gen Z 
collection, focusing a little bit more on the fashion and the changing fashion needs of the 
consumer and understanding those and implementing those at an agile way in the store. So, some 
of those areas. And our special focus on quality, which we have been narrating for the last two, 
three quarters has also shown a good result. So quality, customer is recognizing and customer is 
appreciating the quality effort that we have taken. 
 
So, all of these areas given together has really given us a good input. So that's the area that we 
want to really focus on. We believe that our doing is going to definitely give us outcome, and 
that is the potential that we look at in the market. The market is definitely very large. Market is 
too large, and we all understand and we’ve seen and we know that this market is becoming larger 
and larger as India is growing and as the position of India position is very good. 
 
What we see in this value retail market, definitely, there are more players walking into this 
market. But in that same rate or more than that rate is the per capita income growing or is the 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
per capita consumption growing at the fashion level and there is definitely some shift which is 
happening from unorganized to organized and which is bound to happen more and more. So that 
part has to remain. So, it is more about we acquiring our market share, the market is definitely 
here. So that's the plan. 
 
We definitely want to focus on both the market, our approach on pricing at unlimited market in 
Southern India also has given us a lot of confidence. The customer has really understood what 
we are offering and we are getting a lot of new set of customers and repeat customers from there. 
So good input coming in both from the existing stores and from new stores that we have opened 
up, we are really getting very good benefits from there also. So that's the part we are all into. 
 
We have also tested on one new concept in a town called Hubli in Karnataka, with the LimeRoad 
branded stores and that we have just tried to pilot one store in trying to bring a little more elevated 
fashion, a little more lighter density of inventory per square feet, which is giving a little more 
premium look in the country and putting the prices at the same level or even at the lower level, 
trying to create a niche experience for the new generation customers. So we are trying to do 
because we saw some brands really getting good response and that gives us confidence that the 
consumer need and the consumer approach towards buying great fashion is coming in not only 
from quantity but comes in from more of the way in which you are showing at the time and the 
way which you show up the trend. 
 
So there is definitely, we believe that there is some amount of baggage that the brands that 
having, there has been unlimited or V-Mart. So we are trying to experiment that with our new 
brand, which is a LimeRoad brand, which is more digital, which is more nearer to the audience 
daily. So that's where we tested with one store until now we are learning and in that from the 
learning stage, you definitely want to experiment more with four, five more stores in this 
particular year, so that we get the confidence on this particular new initiative and then we will 
try to allocate the amount of budget next year but that still we are under discussion. 
 
So that's what we have. Definitely, there has been some areas where we've really worked hard 
in terms of people, in getting people’s motivation in terms of getting their base salary, trying to 
retain them, and working on attrition. That's one of the newer area that we have worked on. And 
that some of those stores or some of the markets where we used to have higher attrition, really 
attrition rates have come down. Those things also is really helping us in achieving the sale and 
there's very good incentive plan that we rolled out for the team. So some of those things is giving 
a lot of motivation also to the consumer. 
 
One more thing, all those stores, which we always said that we can open before COVID and 
after COVID, some of those stores also started good showing us, good response. We believe and 
feel that some of those stores are getting rediscovered or are getting discovered for the first time 
because they never got a discovery time either after COVID and before COVID and around 
COVID. So that's the change that we are seeing in our market, consumer are appreciating. We’ll 
definitely talk over this more, let me hand it over to Anand so that he can give you a detailed 
review on the results. Over to you, Anand. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Anand Agarwal: 
Thank you, Lalit, and good afternoon, everybody. As Lalit mentioned, it's been a good quarter 
with the impact of few changes that we have been doing over the last two years starting to 
become slightly visible. Let me first take you through some of the key highlights from the quarter 
and then we can open the house for questions. 
 
So quarter one typically is the onset of the summer season and is marked by strong wedding 
calendar. This year was slightly unusual with no wedding days. But despite that, we have seen 
good improvement in our like-to-like sales as well as the sales per square feet. On the sales front, 
we are seeing much better footfalls and improvement in total number of invoices cut which is a 
strong reflection of the improved efficiency measures being taken by the company since the last 
two years. 
 
At an overall level, the sales grew by 20% for V-Mart and 5% for Unlimited year-on-year. The 
Unlimited sales growth was impacted in the quarter, marginally due to the closure of 15 stores 
since last year. Normalizing these store closures, the Unlimited stores would have also grown 
by 18%, which is closer to the overall V-Mart sales growth numbers. The new stores opened in 
South under the Unlimited brand continued to deliver higher sales and profitability versus the 
relative legacy stores in South. In the last three years since acquiring the Unlimited brand, we 
have closed 19 stores and opened 23 stores in South, taking the net Unlimited store count today 
to 78. 
 
At an overall level, while all states saw good growth during the quarter, but in particular, UP, 
Bihar, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, West Bengal and Karnataka saw relatively better traction in 
footfall as well as sales growth. Another heartening fact evident is the sales, higher sales growth 
visible in Tier 2, and Tier 3 towns as well as Tier 4 towns, geographies, which form the biggest 
base for the typical V-Mart customer profile. 
 
The apparel ASP degrew by 3%, largely due to the product mix change as a fallout of zero 
weddings during the quarter in north. While in south, the ASP degrowth was a fallout of the 
strategic shift towards sharper and more value-driven product pricing that we have been trying 
to incorporate in the last two years. The price correction exercise, which was initiated last year 
is already over and we should see ASPs stabilize at these levels in the quarters to come. But for 
any product mix changes due to shift in weather or any festive calendar shift. 
 
The stabilization of the new warehouse in the last five, six months has also helped improve the 
supply chain efficiencies, which should see even further betterment in the months to come. In 
line with our strategy on making the LimeRoad business sustainable, we cut down on the 
marketing spend, which impacted the top line growth, which reduced by 33% year-on-year to 
INR 12 crores from INR 17 crores last year. 
 
Coming to margins, the gross margin for the offline business remained healthy, while the 
decrease in the revenues for LimeRoad business segment, which 100% flows in as margin 
optically reduced the overall gross margin by 60 basis points at company level. On a full year 
basis, the gross margins from offline business would remain at similar levels of last year as we 
continue to drive giving higher value to our customers and focusing on growth through volumes. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Coming to expenses. While the overall expenses have decreased by 7%, the major shift is due 
to the reduction in marketing by 59%, which largely has come in from the reduced spend in the 
LimeRoad business and also a very significant and strategic planned reduction in marketing 
spend in the off-line business, which Lalit also talked about that the increase in the customer 
trust portion has definitely worked wonders for us. And that reduction in the off-line marketing 
spend in the V-Mart business and Unlimited business is also close to 44%. 
 
The marketing spend will remain reduced on both the segments, online as well as offline as we 
create better synergies through cross-promotion opportunities on the digital front for our unified 
omni customer base without impacting sales growth at an overall level. Despite this low 
marketing spend, we have definitely improved our customer connect. Our NPS scores, which 
we have started to track since the last almost eight, nine months has averaged at greater than 60 
consistently. We've had more than five lakh Google reviews averaging 4.4 plus, and that is a 
strong testimony to the value proposition and the brand trust that the company is able to generate. 
 
Coming to manpower cost. The manpower cost was up by 17% on the back of the annual 
increments slightly higher ESOP expenditure and also increased incentive payouts in line with 
the sales growth. And as Lalit mentioned, I think we have been trying to curtail attrition, which 
should effectively yield into better top line growth and more efficiency going forward. There is 
definitely a higher focus on employee reward and motivation to positively influence efficiency, 
which will drive our overall profitability and growth. 
 
On the other expenses side, we saw a decline of 5% year-on-year due to some store lease 
renewals which were earlier part of rental expense being short-term leases till last year.  
But post renewals have moved to interest and depreciation lines as part of the IndAs 116 
adjustments. The other savings is on account of reduction in the LimeRoad logistics cost which 
is in line with reduction in top line for the online business. Moving on to EBITDA for the V-
Mart core business, EBITDA for the quarter was 13.4% with unlimited at 18%. At the entity 
level, the EBITDA stood at 12.6% which includes a loss of INR 10 crores coming in from 
LimeRoad which is 60% lower YoY. The EBITDA improvement has been a fallout of 60% 
reduction in loss from LimeRoad healthy like-to-like growth as well as positive impact from the 
closure of loss-making stores in the last year.  
On the capex side, we spent INR 26 crores during the quarter or paid out INR 26 crores majorly 
on new store openings and store refurbishments. Inventory reduced by INR 144 crores quarter-
on-quarter helping improve the working capital cycle and also it will help in improving freshness 
for the upcoming festive season even more. 
 
Free cash flow for the quarter stood at INR 43 crores. During the quarter, the company opened 
seven new stores, five in North and two in South under Unlimited brand and closed three 
Unlimited stores. The runway for the year is still maintained at 50-odd stores, a large part of 
which will be open between quarter 2 and quarter 3. Most of the unprofitable store closures have 
already been completed now. There may be the regular three, four closure which may still 
happen in the usual course, but nothing significant. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Coming to the last part on LimeRoad, LimeRoad continues its improvement journey with 60% 
reduction in losses year-on-year. This is the fifth straight quarter of continuous improvement in 
EBITDA losses for LimeRoad. The strategy on LimeRoad remains the same, extend LimeRoad 
as the fashion forward omni arm of V-Mart and facilitate very easy order placement process by 
V-Mart customers through the LimeRoad app initially for missing sizes or missing color in 
offline stores, but eventually extending it to offering a bigger catalog of products which can be 
offered beyond off-line retail. So getting into more and more mix of omni share. 
 
This is a long-term strategy and we remain committed to enhance this offering with minimal 
loss funding or marginal profitability in the quarters to come. The losses in this business should 
continue to keep coming down quarter-on-quarter. LimeRoad will remain an important, but 
financially a small non-material digital business platform for V-Mart. So that is all from my side, 
and I request the moderator to open the house for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The question is from 
the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi good evening Lalitji and Anandji and hearty congratulations for good set of numbers. I think 
in the beginning if I may ask the footfall growth which we have reported in the quarter, which 
is 36% which is very strong. However, I look back it is still lower than the pre-COVID level. 
Just I was more curious if you think Tier 3, Tier 4 markets are firing well and you've reported a 
11% growth in Tier 3 and 19% growth in Tier 4. What percentage of this footfall recovery has 
happened or maybe if you can split in Tier 3, Tier 4 specifically if you can break down 18 million 
what kind of footfall is there? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Definitely we have seen better footfall. We were still unable to compare it with earlier 5 years 
before footfall, but still I don't think that the footfall is lower than the earlier footfalls. There was 
definitely always some reporting error that we used to have on footfall, but otherwise what we 
have noticed is there's a good amount of substantial growth in footfall. And also you have to 
understand that, see that within the market, the market has also broadened a lot and there's a lot 
of retail and a lot of brands which has got opened and lot of stores have got opened. So it is more 
about qualitative customers.  
It is not about the customer who just coming in. That is more about quality customer which is 
coming in and it is there. So no, it is a little better. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, the reason I'm asking in the beginning Lalitji you mentioned that there is a change in 
consumer behavior. So I was more curious if the profile of customers has completely changed 
because we have taken a pricing action if that footfall is going to be sticky? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
See definitely what we are seeing is we are showing element of trust. Consumers are always 
around us and this is such a wildfire that spread in this market if you do have certain good things 
and what we believe we have to continue definitely doing good things, sustain them, retain them 
and bring it more betterment in what we are delivering what we are doing. Footfall, I don't think 
it's a concern because if you understand all this Shirish this year you must have seen a reduction 
in advertising expense also. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
And we have not pushed in customers. We have not asked or push on certain promotion or 
certain discounts or certain advertising that you have tried to bring in customers. So this is a 
natural footfall which has got created. So in spite we actually did not do any advertisement this 
first quarter and it is just whatever that we are seeing on the advertising expense is largely from 
the LimeRoad side and the other pieces are also on for the branding which is at the store branding 
and the store front end branding and stuff. 
But we've not done any advertisements, these results are great results giving us more confidence 
that whatever initiatives and whatever betterment that we have done are all bringing in from 
result and getting customer the confidence to the customer where they are spreading the word, 
they are becoming our brand ambassador and we have also started tracking some NPS scores in 
stuff, we are getting great reviews and great inputs, we are great on Google. So all of those are 
really helping us a lot. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, I'm still harping on this number because even ASPs has dropped. So and we also heard the 
player V2 Retail is also reported a very strong set of number. So if the market which is down 
trading and lower price point is going to drive the volume, is this the strategy which you will 
also follow or there is a change in strategy in our core footfall which we have lost in between 
has come back? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
There is no change in strategy. We had taken a price hike two years back. We reduced our prices 
last year. This year we have not cut down any more prices. It is only at Unlimited where we have 
cut down the prices because we wanted to attract new customers. But at V-Mart level there is no 
cut down of prices. We have retained our ASP and we have no plans to cut down our prices. We 
still believe quality, good fashion and right pricing is what we are focusing on. We are not 
driving or cutting down the prices and then driving customers. There's no such strategy. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. That's helpful. My second and last question on the margins. After many years, we have 
delivered a very strong margin. So Anand my question is that two questions rather here. This 
LimeRoad what you have done INR 10.3 crores. Is this going to be a steady or we will think the 
losses will come down? And how much confident you are that because in a weak quarter we 
have delivered a good margin. So if quarter 2, quarter 3 is going to be a good jump in the festive 
season and marriage, do you think margin expansion can happen from here? 
Anand Agarwal: 
Yes, Shirish on the LimeRoad side we should definitely see quarter-on-quarter further reduction 
in the EBITDA loss, it may not be very substantial maybe 20%, 30%. The reduction in loss is 
something that I would definitely want to visualize and achieve. It's a strong work after already 
cutting in a lot, already improving the efficiency significantly in the last one year. So it's going 
to be uphill task, but that is what the team is committed to deliver. 
On the main offline business, in terms of margin expansion quarter 1 is a good quarter. Quarter 
1 is not a weak quarter. Quarter 1 is always is a good quarter. Quarter 3 is the best quarter 
followed by quarter 1, quarter 2 is typically a weak quarter for us with Monsoon and with end-
of-season sales which is not a very festive period also. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
So quarter 2 typically is a loss-making quarter, and we should not see any margin expansion or 
any improvement there, but definitely we should see betterment coming in from quarter 3 again. 
There should also be some betterment in terms of top line in quarter 2 and definitely in quarter 
3. 
 
Otherwise, we are not looking at margin expansion in percentage terms. We will as we've always 
stated we would want to look at retaining the margin percentage, but improving the rupee margin 
throughput through higher volumes and through higher top line growth. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, the reason I'm asking because if I look at manpower cost has grown 17%, power fuel has 
grown 8%, so what are the source of these margin drivers? 
Anand Agarwal: 
The source primarily is going to come in from lower discounting also some like-to-like. We have 
seen good like-to-like coming in this quarter and we should continue to look at improved like-
to-like through improved efficiencies that we've been talking about of all the work that has been 
going on in the background. 
And that is something the results of which we have already seen in quarter 1 and we are also 
seeing a similar kind of trajectory building up in quarter 2 and probably also going forward. So 
the HR cost increase is partially an investment and partially also a correction, but we are quite 
hopeful and optimistic that we will be able to contain this inflationary rise or compensate this 
with adequate amount of margin delivery through like-to-like as well as lower discounting 
through improvement in the freshness index of the inventory. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Thank you. It's helpful and all the best to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi Sir. Thanks. Good evening and thanks for taking my question. So firstly sir on the store 
addition targets and during the call earlier, you mentioned that you will be looking to add 50 
stores during the year. Now we've added around four stores. So that's a very large pipeline of 
stores that you're guiding for. So just a clarification is this firstly a gross or a net number and 
how many more store closures do you envisage at least in this year? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
See this is definitely a gross number. We are focusing on gross numbers. There is definitely a 
delay in store openings, but we are strategizing that we would want to open more number of 
stores just before the festivals so that we get a good run up and most of the stores that we have 
opened in the past during the festival period definitely gives us a better outcome even throughout 
the year. 
But yes you would get a good number of store count getting opened in this particular quarter as 
well the next quarter. So we will focus on those and we have closed down some stores. There 
are still some three, four more stores that we may close down in the year. So that's where we are. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great sir. That’s very helpful. Secondly on the margin. So you've done a very healthy margin, I 
guess it's around 7% pre-Ind-AS based on the offline stores this quarter, which is quite healthy 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
in recent times. However, we have reduced ad spends and we have not added a lot of stores in 
the last one year. We have closed down loss-making stores also.  
So in light of all this information when you resume the store addition aggressiveness would you 
not say that the margin will have some level of downside from here on? And this is adjusted for 
seasonality between the quarters. Would you agree with this assessment? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Sameer for us until now the experience has been that definitely there are costs, all the costs do 
not go into capex, and there are some costs which do flow into the P&L. So there's some element, 
but otherwise new stores normally deliver higher margins. The new stores in the first year of 
operations will deliver higher margin, not necessarily lower margins. So I don't think this is 
completely true. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. I would have imagined that it takes some time to ramp up. So anyway maybe my 
understanding is incorrect. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
You may connect Anand one-on-one you will understand and most of the time the stores that 
we opened up are designed in such a way from the first year of operation itself right from the 
second month it should try and deliver the targeted EBITDA margin. So that's the way we plan 
our stores, but almost 80% of the stores are getting to that level there are 20% of the stores which 
do not get into that levels in the process it also happens.. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great sir. I'll get this clarified. So lastly sir I understand you have mentioned a lot of efficiency 
measures that you have taken which is now showing in this like-to-like sales improvement, but 
if you could just list down top three, four, five kind of initiatives that you have taken, it would 
be very helpful. A little bit more on specifics? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
There's no specific Sameer. Retail is all about detail and you need to actually tighten at least 150 
to 200 screws at multiple areas to try and get some benefit, but anyway the majority of those are 
ultimately what consumer is interested in these products. So more around product, we have been 
really working hard on the product on the design part, on the whole assortment part and the 
whole qualitative part on the pricing part. 
 
So some of those areas which we were working, you remember we had hired a consultant two 
years back, one and a half years back and then there's a lot of work that they did. A lot of changes 
they proposed. Last year we started to implement those changes. Due to change management 
some of those got disagreed and moved, not everything got implemented immediately.  
But otherwise there were also last year that you remember we have moved our warehouse to a 
new property in new warehouse. Now a new warehouse is ready, some of those initiatives that 
we implemented in the new warehouse on the automation side, some of those pieces came in. 
Supply chain management technology or supply chain management some forecasting rules, 
some allocation rules, some of those which creates a better understanding of consumer persona 
which gives us a real clear edge and the seasonality on the customer type of the market. 
 
So some of those pieces which is driven through technology and driven through the automation 
processes that we implemented at the warehouse, bettered our turnaround time at the stores, 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
reduced our inventory, increase our freshness. So our freshness increased itself gave the 
customer more fresher variety. So all those things actually brought and then people and definitely 
people is one key element which really has given a lot of support.  
And then their motivation, definitely brought in good input and lot more to be done, lot more 
has been done in the process in multiple regions, but lot more are still to be done and then results 
are still awaited.  
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it sir. This is very, very helpful. Thanks for taking all the questions answering them and I 
will come back in the queue for any follow-up sir. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody: 
Yes. So just on the employee cost side. How much of this employee cost would you see is a non-
recurring nature, maybe some one time retention bonus or something? 
Anand Agarwal: 
So Rishi I would not want to call it out as one time changes. I think what we have, what we are 
trying to do is something slightly more sustainable. I would like to see at least the current cost 
is there in quarter 1 to get replicated. This is some part of this or a large part of this is also 
variable cost. So if we achieve we provide for more and we pay more. So thereby it's not a fixed 
cost increment. It's also very largely linked to a variable kind of incentive as even our ESOP cost 
is also linked to performance.  
So a large part of the changes that you see in this quarter in terms of increase is coming in from 
variable increase. And that is what we would like to continue. There is no significant one time 
change that should be there in the quarter cost. 
Rishi Mody: 
And just on this LimeRoad employee cost, you've seen a decent decline coming into Q4 on 
LimeRoad, but Q1 we are seeing a sequential jump of almost 250% odd. So just is there an 
ESOP cost line there because I am under the impression that a lot of the senior management of 
LimeRoad is no more with us? 
Anand Agarwal: 
Our cost has also come down. It's not gone up. In fact, the LimeRoad quarter 1 cost has come 
down by 14%. 
Rishi Mody: 
Not on a year-on-year basis on a Q-o-Q basis if I'm looking at Q4 numbers, I have 27 million as 
the cost. 
Anand Agarwal: 
That is an adjustment because of the ESOP structure, but otherwise, at an overall basis there has 
been a marginal reduction in LimeRoad employee cost. Maybe the comparison that we are seeing 
from quarter 4 to quarter 1 may not strictly or truly reflect the two changes but at an overall level 
the actual employee cost at LimeRoad has marginally come down not substantially but 
marginally come down. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So Rishi just answering your question on that. The management cost, the management which 
went out at the LimeRoad, where cost of ESOP was actually not accounted because the kind of 
performance that they were delivering, actually those ESOPs who are not able to be, it was lot 
of cost to the company. So, it actually never got executed. So that is why it is not turning out. 
Rishi Mody: 
Got it, sir. Just Lalitji you wanted to understand this LimeRoad physical store format. You 
mentioned some comments in the opening remarks that you're trying more Gen Z kind of an 
offering here but I think it's been operational for maybe a month or two but what are your 
learnings in terms of what data telling you out there if you could just versus say an Unlimited 
what the difference there in the South India market for LimeRoad versus Unlimited, if you could 
I’ll leave with that. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Definitely, it's a new testing for us. We've been tying it with multiple experiments in terms of 
the renewal in terms of the product lines, in terms of design, in terms of the basic belief of what 
the customer is, who the customers are. A little bit of change in the internal ambience. So we've 
got Hubli, we are Tier 3 town, we did not go for a tier 1 town for all of those. But still, the 
response that we're getting is encouraging better than Unlimited store that we would have opened 
as of now. It has been18, 19 days since we have opened. We have very immature time for us to 
really respond on those. 
 
But we look at a lot of positivity, a lot of learning is coming out and it is also driving a lot of 
omnichannel mindset and we saw a lot of existing customers of Lime Road who were shopping 
online. A lot of that came in so we saw a good amount of customers who were shopping online 
is coming to offline. The trust over the brand was there and then has been solidified. So, good 
learning coming in. We are yet to get all the analytics. So, we'll definitely update you. 
Rishi Mody: 
And the team that's going to be running this experiment, it's separate from the V-Mart backend 
team or is there a bifurcation or is the same team who will be managing the operations the 
inventory all that stuff? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
There's a part of team, which is different but most of the teams is common. So, part of the team 
which is on the backend side on the whole design and the procurement and the buying. So, that 
particular team is a little different. But other than that most of the team is common. Most of the 
internal team members only elevated themselves created a new style, new thought process and 
new design and took on the challenge. And kudos to the entire team who really made it happen. 
Rishi Mody: 
All right, sir. Thank you. That’s it from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Bhatia from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking Limited. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Bhatia, your line is unmuted please proceed with your question. As there 
is no response from the line of the current participant. We'll move on to our next question. Our 
next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj Finserv Asset Management 
Company. Please go ahead.  
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Good to see some great numbers after a long time Lalitji and 
Anandji. My first question –is that if I look at the conversions, I think it is at probably at historical 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
lows below 50%. It slipped below 50% last quarter, 49% and slipped further to 47% this quarter. 
While the footfalls have surged sharply but how should one read this data point about 
conversions? If you can help us? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi. Sabyasachi. Good point. And see we’ve always meriting the fact that there is a different 
methodology and the little more compliance over footfall reported that we have executed 
because we believe and we all know that most of the shoppers come in a couple or three people 
together and buy and become one or two people. It doesn't go more than one way. 
 
So normally, the conversion rate should not be greater than 50%. This is what my internal belief 
is. And that is what we are forcing, I think because this is still a manual process. But still, I 
would also say that because of more retailing around our stores because of more retailing in the 
same market people want to definitely go back, go back from our store check other stores come 
back and then buy. So there is some amount of discovery which consumers are making while 
traveling multiple stores also. They don't end up shopping the first store that they get into. 
 
So some of these pieces, we also saw a lot of customers going back and coming back to buy and 
then going back once and then coming back again to buy. So some of those things we saw, which 
definitely for us largely we believe in taking up the growth in cash number and how much cash 
number has the growth and how is our average bill size moving. So that's the major indicator 
that we will have to focus on. 
 
And that is what we are doing. We still believe that better service quality at the store level. We 
have also somewhere brought down our convincing attitude where we used to convince 
customers, talk to them more, pressurize them more. We don't want to do that. We want a full 
factor to get created. So that's what we are also trying to do so that the customer comes back by 
their own if they like the product, if they like the prices, if they like the services. So that's the 
kind of model that we are getting into. So that we don't force or empower the consumer with our 
employees more. So that's the whole process that we are getting into. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. I understand the fact that probably five years back there was not more options to the 
markets that we operate in. And now there are several other options and people are checking out 
other options. I was also wondering does the freshness index of the stores, does it also matter if 
let's say a store for us gets refurbished or refreshed does it pull more customers? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
It does. If the store looks better it definitely pulls in more number of consumers. Even we tried 
experimenting with new consumers. This year, we also tried to focus more on digital advertising. 
We tried to bring in customers because we never did a lot of print ads or a lot of those outdoor 
advertisements. 
 
So we tried to focus more on some organic kind of content, which also brought in a lot of new 
consumers. A lot of new customers who wanted to first check in, come in, check in and then go. 
And then definitely none of these developments that we did in terms of facade opening or 
renovation and re-engineering of the front view of the store. So some of those things definitely 
attracted a lot of new consumers. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. Lalitji, the other question that I had is, in your opening remarks, did I hear you right that 
you mentioned that some of the national players' value formats are also seeing some sluggishness 
when you are talking about the competitive intensity? Did I hear you right? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Yes. Sabya, I'm right. There is some pain with a couple of retailers also. They have not been 
going in line with what they have done. And not necessarily everyone is getting a lot of growth. 
So there is some pain in the market also, which we are seeing. So this is what I wanted to explain. 
It is just not driven by market. It is also initiatives and efficiency that a brand brings in or the 
better value creation that a brand does for the consumer. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. That's very clear. Thanks, Lalitji. Wish you all the best from my side. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Sabyaji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Gala from Sundaram Asset Management 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone. Firstly, I just want to understand on the working capital side. Sorry, 
if I repeat this question, but there was a significant improvement specifically on the inventory 
side. So how one should consider from the going forward perspective, what is the steady state 
in a working capital cycle one should assume here in the V-Mart case? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So Nikunj, definitely we are working on basic fundamentals. And basic fundamentals are trying 
to reduce the inventory, track the efficiency of inventory, and have the base of inventory under 
control. Those are one of the basic parameters and then definitely have a better cash flow because 
that is also very, very important and has a positive cash flow. 
 
I think the team really work well and that's everything about creating efficiency. And it is also 
about freshness. So all of those together, most of our capital investments we don't have those 
kind of purposes also. And the inventory management has been also very, very tight and very 
good, that is also beginning from these. 
 
So we should expect a little more betterment from our side, but it will also only be seasonal in 
nature because if you look at Q2 numbers, it will show a little more there, because the working 
capital will grow there, because that is the inventory filling season and we will fill more 
inventory. So the inventory levels will go up. So it's more seasonal also, quarter-on-quarter for 
that division. But yes, you'll see improvement every quarter. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Sure. Thank you. And secondly, from the product assortment side, since you mentioned and we 
also understand that there is a lot of competition coming in. So, how are we approaching the 
product assortment at the store level? What are the kind of a fresh inventory we have or say 2022 
inventory would be there in any of the store? What kind of strategy we have on the product 
assortment side? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, Nikunj, we've really worked very highly on the whole freshness index. And the freshness is 
the inventory freshness and that has been key to us. And that is also resulted due to some margin 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
losses because we've also come on inventory prior to liquidate inventory at a discount. So, our 
freshness index has bettered by almost 10%. 
 
So that's something that we really have worked on very hard. We would also see higher shrinkage 
numbers that is very reported because our provision policies and the provisioning that we are 
doing on the inventories have also been very steep. So we are trying to really work very heavily 
because we now understand risk. 
 
There is a lot of change which is revenue fashion business. And there's a lot of change in the 
assortment that we sell earlier having brand versus what is selling today. A lot of fabric change, 
a lot of pattern and putting sale. So some of these things is making this business a more agile-
driven. 
 
So we are trying to get into more agility. And we are trying to make this assortment look much 
more better and much more fresher. So that's the area of what we are doing. We still have not 
reached the desired goal where we could, but we are working all towards it. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Sure. And just lastly, since there is a lot of hopes going into festive and the Q2 to be a better 
one. Have you seen any similar kind of a trajectory in the last 1, 1.5 months? Or if you can 
comment on that? That will be my last question. thank you. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Nikunj, we believe the betterment that we are trying to bringing should continue our performance 
or we should continue with our performing. And that's what we continue to do. We still believe 
there's a lot of opportunity. We haven't still done. The glass in half full is what I always say. 
There's a lot more to fill the glass, there's lots more work to be done. 
 
If we are able to do, stick more out, do all of those things. It is definitely bringing more 
competitions, more variety, and more chain management which is required. So all of those are 
driven, we should definitely get those benefits. And then we should definitely come up. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Okay. Thank you, sir for your inputs. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raunak Khetan from Ishanika Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Raunak Khetan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have noticed that strategy is very much focused around Tier 3 
locations. So I just wanted to understand what is our right to win strategy against the traditional 
mom-and-pop stores? So apart from having an extensive inventory base, what is our strategy in 
terms of non-apparel sales, so expanding the SKU so that a consumer visits and get almost 
everything at the store. 
 
So apart from the appeals, what is the kind of base which we want to offer? Number one. Number 
two, is the kind of loyalty program, which we are running specifically for Tier 3 locations. I 
mean, are we running a loyalty program? And what is the kind of involvement in it? That's about 
it. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Yes, Raunak, so very fundamental questions. We have been meriting these questions and 
answering them for the last one decade, but anyway, I'll do it again. So our model is definitely 
not a unique model anymore now, because it was unique 10 years back. But now a lot of players 
are trying to play in that model. 
 
The mom-and-pops technically, you understand the bazaars, which runs in small town. Those 
are 800 to 1,000 square feet, or 1,500 square feet, there's a counter in front of that, the mom-
and-pop has their own small variety, small process their ability to purchase and buy, outsource 
from the market of dry fruit manufacturing is very low, the cost of purchase is very high. Their 
ability to sell the consumer, give the quality confidence and have that quality mindset is also 
very low. 
So all of those included the experience of the consumer who goes into a mom-and-pop store is 
largely through because of relationship, but it is not more because we get a great variety. But 
there are areas, there are products, which are more regional, more seasonal in nature, where the 
local pace is very important. And all the areas, mom-and-pop do act as a great retailer, and they 
are very successful retailer in those kind of areas, like for example, saree, mom-and-pop retailers 
are very good in those areas. So we are still not better, no one is better in that area. 
 
So there are areas where mom-and-pop have excel, but other than that, mom-and-pops are not 
able to create that kind of largeness, that kind of variety, that kind of transparency, that kind of 
quality, trust and that kind of product. So they have a very small team, they're not able to 
showcase so much of products. They're not able to replenish and replace their products very fast. 
And the pricing is also, most of the time our selling price is their cost price. So they're not able 
to convert that also. 
 
And other than that, I think for us, it is very, very important to believe in quality, believe also in 
agility of fashion, because internationally, whatever is running and whatever you selling Los 
Angeles or Milan or Turkey, in Istanbul. So the gap is becoming so narrow, it’s getting good 
very fast. So one has to be very, very tight on these as I'm talking, I’m right now Istanbul in 
certain exhibitions. We are following those market trends. We are going out in the market to 
understand what's happening in all of these markets. So all of this is very, very important, which 
is not possible for a small retailer. So I think that is where we are really looking at. I forgot your 
last question, what was that, your second question? 
Raunak Khetan: 
Sir, my last question was around, do we have a loyalty program in place. So the repeat consumers 
who are… 
Lalit Agarwal: 
We got database for more than 40 million customers, and we don't operate a loyalty point-based 
program. But we have their mobile number, we have their communication process. We are 
proper process of analytics and driving customized loyalty program or customized solutions for 
them, customized offers for them. 
 
So there's a lot of analytics based customer communication program that we run, which brings 
loyalty to the consumer, almost 70% of sales coming in V-Mart is from the same customers who 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
are repeated . So 70% of sales of V-Mart is from loyal customers only. So that works for us and 
that is what the customer is very, very happy about. 
Raunak Khetan: 
All right. That’s about it. Thank you. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ali Asgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Okay. Thanks for the opportunity. First question, sir, is on the margin. So obviously, you gave 
a lot of insight in terms of margin. I just wanted to understand a little I mean, to your point of 
view. Sir, we were doing 8%, 8.5% kind of EBITDA margin. I'm seeing on pre-IndAS basis, 
pre-COVID on a steady-state basis. 
 
Now that you mentioned that LimeRoad is loss reduction phase, and we are also seeing through 
the SSG. Just wanted to understand by when should we reach that kind of margin level, I mean, 
FY '26 will be the year when we should be able to reach, and also LimeRoad should break even 
by then? 
Anand Agarwal: 
Ali, I think the margin is an outcome of how well we are able to grow our SSG and come back 
to the pre-COVID sales traffic levels. We discussed this also in the past. And I think we did 
guide towards growing at two consecutive years of around 10% SSG or high single-digit SSG 
to reach that level by then we should be able to get back to the pre-COVID EBITDA margin 
level of around 8.5%. We are actively on track of that, and we are definitely wanting to reach 
there sooner than later. Definitely, next year is something by the end of which we should exit 
the year somewhere around that, if not for the full year. 
As far as the LimeRoad part is concerned, we did mention earlier that we will be reducing our 
losses quarter-on-quarter like we've been doing for the last five quarters straight. I am not 100% 
sure that we will be able to reach profitability for the full year by next year, but we will definitely 
want to bring the LimeRoad losses down to almost negligible levels. 
They've already started to improve every quarter, and there is some line of visibility where we 
are able to see better contribution of V-Mart customers contributing into LimeRoad sales and 
vice versa. And as the base increases, we will be able to reduce our operating costs, particularly 
the marketing cost, which will help us end the losses there. 
It's an investment, also, I must point out, LimeRoad is not just about a loss-making entity or a 
loss-making platform. It's an extension of what we eventually want also to provide to our 
customers in a digital format and it will definitely be very important in the years to come. 
If we did not even had LimeRoad today, we would still be incurring some amount of that cost 
already in our P&L by way of presence on other marketplaces or our own offering earlier, which 
was vmartretail.com, where also we were incurring some amount of losses, but we were not 
disclosing it or calling it out very, very distinctly because segment disclosure at that point was 
not required. But it is an important investment, but still a non-material number as of now. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Got it. So this year, INR 40 crores, you mentioned, right? If I'm not mistaken, should be the 
losses in LimeRoad. So any color you can provide how much we can expect it to go down? You 
mentioned 20% quarter-on-quarter, but for a full year point of view, if you could give us some 
sense. 
Anand Agarwal: 
So we'll definitely look at reducing the first quarter EBITDA loss is around INR 10 crores. So I 
don't think the full year number is going to be around that number. So I don't want to call out a 
number. But definitely, it will be less than 50% of what we did last year. So we will definitely 
want to improve the quarter-on-quarter performance in terms of losses, but the full year number 
should definitely be lesser. 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Understood. Very useful. And second question, just to clarify, you provided some insight in 
terms of how the SSGs are trending. But if I understood correctly, Lalitji, you mentioned that 
we also got this quarter some benefit because of the election-led spending. So just wanted to 
understand, I mean, post the quarter, is the, SSGs tracking at the same level? 
 
And I don't know it's a little too early, but how are you seeing any early signs of festive trends? 
I mean we did a very strong SSG. So I just wanted to get some insight whether we can expect 
this table of run rate to continue in the coming quarters. 
Anand Agarwal: 
So, I told this in earlier comment also. See the good efforts that we have been focusing on 
continues, and we continue to get similar, almost similar kind of response. So we are hopeful 
planning more growth than the past, but we don't know what comes in. Let's wait for the actual 
confirmation in time from the customer because the festival this year is also shifting this time 
little into the second quarter, from 3rd quarter. So there will be some changes that will also look 
in the second quarter towards the end of September and then followed by the Diwali because 
then it is going to be largely the winter period. 
Ali Asgar Shakir: 
Got it, sir. This is very useful. Thank you so much. 
Anand Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So thank you. We had a great discussion, a lot of interaction, a lot of shares. Please continue to 
support us. Please continue to be there. And still giving us some insight if anyone went to our 
stores or anyone goes on to the online channel of LimeRoad. Please do keep giving us continuous 
feedback on improving what we can do and what we can do in terms of also understanding the 
market, the economy and also the consumer service. So thank you so much for being there. All 
the best. 
Anand Agarwal: 
Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of V-Mart Retail, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
