FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
ClN No.Ll7119DN1990PLC000091
FIL/SE/2024-25/24 
13th August, 2024
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security Symbol: FILATEX
BSE Limited
Listing Department
25th Floor, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalai Street,
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 526227
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on 9th August, 2024 for the 
Q1FY25 results of the Company
Dear Sirs/ Madam,
In continuation of our letter No. FIL/SE/2024-25/19 dated 5th August, 2024 and pursuant 
to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript in respect of the Earnings 
Conference call held on 9th August, 2024 for the Q1FY25 results of the Company.
This is for your information and records please.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
RAMAN KUMAR JHA 
COMPANY SECRETARY
Enel.: a/a
CORPORATE OFFICE
REGD. OFFICE & WORKS
SURAT OFFICE
MUMBAI OFFICE
Bhageria House
S. No. 274 Demni Road
Bhageria House
321, Maker Chamber - V
43 Community Centre
Dadra • 396193
Ring Road
Nariman Point
New Fr lends Colony
U.T. of-Dadra & Nagar Haveli
Surat - 395002
Mumbai - 400021
New Delhi - 110025, India
India
India
India
P +91.11.26312503,26848533/44
P +91.260.2668343/8510
P +91.261.4030000
P +91.22.22026005/06
F +91.11.26849915
F +91.260.2668344
F +91.261.2310796
F +91.22.22026006
E fildelhi@fiiale«' com
E fildadra@filale'c com
E filsurat@fila‘ev com
E filmumbai@filatey com
Website: www.filatex.com
RAMAN 
KUMAR 
JHA
Digitally signed 
by RAMAN 
KUMAR JHA 
Date: 2024.08.13 
17:20:57 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
“Filatex India Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MADHU SUDHAN BHAGERIA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MADHAV BHAGERIA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHOK CHAUHAN – CHIEF VISIONARY OFFICER – 
FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADITYA VORA – SHARE INDIA SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 6 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Filatex India Limited's Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aditya Vora from Share India Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Aditya Vora: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Share India Securities, I would like 
to welcome all the participants for the First Quarter FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Filatex 
Limited. 
 
We are pleased to have with us the management team represented by Mr. Madhu Sudhan 
Bhageria, Chairman and MD; Mr. Madhav Bhageria, Joint MD; and Mr. Ashok Chauhan, Chief 
Visionary Officer. We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria to give 
an overview on the company's performance. This will be followed by the question and answers. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Thank you, Aditya. Good afternoon. A warm welcome to all of you attending this conference 
call for the quarter 1 FY '25. Joining me in the session are Mr. Ashok Chauhan and Mr. Nitin 
Agarwal. I presume you would have gone through the investor presentation, which had been 
uploaded on our website as well as on the stock exchanges. 
 
Let me mention key operational performance indicators. We achieved a sales volume of 95,962 
metric ton as against 1,00,211 metric tons in Q1 FY '24. The operating EBITDA is around INR61 
crores, a growth of around 35% from INR44 crores in Q1 FY '24. The net profit has increased 
to INR32 crores in this quarter from INR18 crores in Q1 FY '24. 
 
Though the performance is slightly better on a year-on-year basis, it is still not normal as the 
margins are under pressure. The domestic demand is still subdued. We can see the residual 
impact of massive imports of fabrics from China. Though rural demand is showing good signs 
of recovery, it is not translated to textile segment. The mild growth in demand is in essential 
commodities, addressing bear necessities. Retail inflation is still bothering the large segment at 
the bottom of the pyramid. 
 
In the last 3 years, several successive waves of turmoil have rippled across the globe affecting 
global economic recovery, causing fears of economic recession, upheavals and affecting daily 
lives of people. The confidence is shaken and sentiments are subdued. Governments of different 
countries are continuously struggling with various policy options to stimulate the economies and 
restore confidence of business sectors to take step towards sustainable growth. 
 
Crude prices and consequently petroleum derivatives are still not stable. Fluctuations are viable 
almost on daily basis. Geopolitical tensions have marked many aspects, be it inflation rate or 
exchange rate or international prices of raw materials and shipping rates. Fears of recession in 
large economies like the U.S. escalating tensions in West Asia, unwinding of yen have spooked 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 6 
 
the investors in the financial markets. This may result in sharp tightening of monetary policy in 
advanced economies, which led to financial stress in emerging and developing economies. 
 
Some cascading effect of these tremors trickled down to manufacturing sector and consequently, 
the consumers. However, the long-term outlook remains constructive due to strong 
fundamentals, government initiatives and now a stable banking sector. Some long-pending 
corrections like inverted duty structure on polyester import materials will give impetus to the 
domestic industry. 
 
Another request under consideration is shifting these materials under Ministry of Chemicals and 
Fertilizer to Ministry of Textiles. The end  products, yarn and fibers, are under Ministry of 
Textiles, and it would help them to take a holistic view of the global competitive scenarios. So 
far textile business, the battle in the domestic market is going on, and we hope situation will 
gradually improve further. For textile yarn exports, it is equally difficult to compete in the 
international market against lower Chinese prices worldwide. 
 
Lack of export volumes from India also put pressure on domestic demand. Government is 
considering fixing minimum import price on fabrics for import against all HS codes. The global 
textile industry is experiencing a significant shift. Global textile industry has been identified as 
one of the major polluters. The footprints of pollutions are everywhere, be it rivers or ground 
water, air, soil biodiversity, marine life. 
 
Textile industry is under close scrutiny for identify practices that cause pollution and remedial 
measures are moving from the suggestive stage to enforcement stage. Environmental, social 
responsibility are no longer simply buzzword. They are essential considerations for exporter 
seeking to compete in global marketplace. Consumers are no longer contained with close woven 
from environmental devastation. 
 
The consumer want threads spun from conscious choices, fabrics dyed with responsibility and 
garment stitched with a respect for our planet. Use of hazardous chemical in processing textile 
is under in-depth study. Norms are being defined to phase out all hazardous chemicals. 
International brands and their consumers are increasingly demanding traceability in offering of 
sustainable products and regulations are tightening to ensure ethical and environmentally 
practices throughout the supply chain. 
 
We strongly believe that this is the time for textile transformation, embrace sustainability or be 
left behind. To ensure sustainability and reduce environmental impact from the textile and 
apparel industry utilizing a sustainable circular economy model is of utmost important. 
Sustainability means meeting our own needs without compromising the ability of future 
generations to meet there. 
 
The circular economy model is in brief a system solution framework that tackles global 
challenges such as climate change, biodiversity loss, waste disposal and pollution. It is one of 
our topmost priorities to be a contributor to this model. Sustainability is a survival mantra for 
human lives, businesses and our planet. Imbibing this is not just a major compliance of some 
key parameters but also a way forward to grow business. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 6 
 
 
In line with this thinking, we have been carrying out our R&D for textile recycling. We have 
developed and patented a process based on molecule regeneration of polyester, which can be 
recirculated infinitely. We are running a pilot plant to use miscellaneous types of textile garment, 
home linen or pre-consumer waste. Simultaneously, we are in advanced stage of discussion with 
equipment suppliers for a 26,250 tons per annum capacity plant. 
 
Our future path for growth is likely to be through recycling of polyester generally expressed by 
acronym, T2T. Such plants could be located near all manufacturing -- textile manufacturing hubs 
initially and once end-of-life collection system of collecting polyester textile waste is 
established, location would be chosen based on transportation conveniences. Several companies 
all over the world are experimenting to develop commercially viable technologies. We are of a 
firm belief that though sustainability in textile may sound difficult, it would be the way forward. 
 
We have procured the land and are in the process of seeking permissions to set our recycling 
facility as a greenfield project. In our assessment, we should be completing the project by end 
of December 2025. In the existing plants, we are consolidating operations and taking steps 
towards compliance to sustainability standards. We have sourced around 30% of our energy 
from renewable sources, thereby reducing the carbon footprint. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Sir, should we open the floor for question? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Basant Pandey, who's an individual investor. 
Basant Pandey: 
Sir, I just wanted to know what is the situation about the cationic yarn expansion, which we had 
planned, and which was to commence by March and then May and in June? And yet, we don't 
have any update on that, sir. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: The cationic yarn trial production has started. Commercial, I think we should be able to do in 
next week or 10 days. It was delayed due to some environmental clearances, which we wanted. 
So now we have got it, so it will be having commercial production maybe next week or 10 days. 
Basant Pandey  
And sir, where is the land that we expected to procure for this new plant of ours? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We've procured the land, and registration will happen in the next 15 days. Near the plant in 
Dahej only, it was around 5 kilometers from the existing plant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charvin, who is an individual investor. 
Charvin: 
Yes. So sir, I wanted to know, is there any capex guidance for the next 2 years? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. The capex guidance is, see, we will be investing in a subsidiary or recycling. The total 
capex there is INR300 crores, and we would be going in a mix of equity and loans. And then we 
are also planning, as the market improves, to invest around INR125 crores in increasing our 
POY and FDY facility as we have added cationic polymerization. Now we'll have more polymer 
available, so we would be adding that. So that will be INR125 crores. So these are the 2 capex 
capacity in the next 2 years. 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 6 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Vora from Share India Securities. 
Aditya Vora: 
Sir, just one question on demand. I mean the first half is expected to be bad and recovery is in 
sight. But any guidance for the second half of FY '25? And what would be the key figure for 
change in demand going forward? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. I think second half should be very good. Normally, second half is always better than the 
first half. As in the winter, the demand for the fabric increases. And I don't know after this 
Bangladesh episode, we expect a lot of orders of export of garments also to be diverted to India. 
So that could also trigger some extra demand. Otherwise, also, there is a constant increase in the 
demand year-to-year. So that should also happen. And there is no new capacity coming in the 
next 6 months or 1 year as of now. So that all will boost the demand. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Agrawal from Nine One Capital. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Sir, how has been the imports in India after June or let's after July? As of now, how is the 
situation? Is it still at the same quantum as it was 6 months back, 3 months back? Or have you 
been able to see some kind of decrease in the imports into India? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, yarn imports have definitely decreased from beginning of this year but the fabric import is 
continuing. And government had put in March some minimum import price on certain HS codes. 
But certain HS codes were left out. So now material is coming through that. And I think the 
government is in the process of putting minimum import price on that also. Once that happens, 
then it will substantially go down. But yes, it has gone down -- gone down slightly. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, any outlook on this year EBITDA margin or for next year whatever you 
have in mind based on the current situation as per the prevalent condition? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: First half, I don't think we'll have any improvement. But second half, I think second half margins 
should be very close to maybe 9%, something like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Patel, who's an individual investor. 
Harsh Patel: 
What's the plan for exports? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Sorry, what did you say, for? 
Harsh Patel: 
What's the plan for exports? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, exports is not so viable because of China, they have a raw material, which is much cheaper 
than India because we get it on landed price parity in India. And even if we import raw material, 
we have to incur extra freight and local charges. So export, definitely, I don't think will increase. 
We do export. But the export volumes are very small, maybe around 2%. I don't see export 
increases in the near future drastically, till the time the parity of the raw material between China 
and India is sorted out, I don't see exports of yarn going up. But yes, government and the fabric 
export can increase, that will induce demand for our product in India. 
Harsh Patel: 
Okay. How are the spreads currently? 

 
 
Filatex India Limited
 
 
August 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 6 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Currently, spreads are not very good. That's reflected in our results also. So I think around 5%, 
6% EBITDA margin is going on. 
Harsh Patel: 
What's the improvement from last quarter? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Last quarter, this quarter is almost similar, maybe a slight decline of point of 1% or 2%. 
Harsh Patel: 
And are we expecting improvement going further? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. From third and fourth quarter, we are expecting significant improvement. Not in the second 
quarter, we're not expecting so much improvement but third and fourth quarter should be 
significantly better. 
Harsh Patel: 
What would be the margin increase? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, I cannot give that number. 
Moderator: 
We have our next follow-up question from the line of Basant Pandey, who's an individual 
investor. 
Basant Pandey: 
Sir, you mentioned that the cationic yarn would be entering commercial production within the 
next 8 to 10 days. So wouldn't that help improve our margin for the second quarter also? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It can slightly help but nothing significant. It's a very small volume initially. The plant capacity 
is 75 tons. And we would be operating initially maybe at 60%, 65%. So I don't think this quarter, 
we'll have any improvement because of that. Already -- I mean 2 months would have lapsed by 
then. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Charvin, who is an Individual Investor. 
Charvin: 
So is there any guidance on the debt you will be taking in the future? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, right now, we're not taking any debt. Yes, for our recycling plant, we will take a debt in the 
subsidiary company because there are some interest-subsidies available from the state 
government. To avail that, we will take a debt. So that could be around INR150 crores but that 
will mostly happen in FY '26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I thank all the participants for sparing their time in joining us and hope to talk to them in the 
next quarter, year-end call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Filatex India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
