HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000 
f: +91 120 4680330 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
July 17, 2024 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on July 12, 2024 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
This is to inform you that in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on July 12, 2024, post 
the announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, 
has been uploaded on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-
relations/call-transcripts 
 A copy of the transcript is also enclosed. 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you, 
For HCL Technologies Limited 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: a/a 
Manish 
Anand
Digitally signed by 
Manish Anand 
Date: 2024.07.17 
13:13:21 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HCL Technologies Limited Q1 FY'25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
July 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C. VIJAYAKUMAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. PRATEEK AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, HCL 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN SUNDARARAJAN – CHIEF PEOPLE 
OFFICER, HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. NITIN MOHTA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, HCL 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HCL Technologies Limited Q1 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta, Head, Investor Relations. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, Darwin. Good morning and good evening everyone. A very warm welcome to 
HCLTech's Q1 FY'25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and Managing Director, HCLTech; Mr. Prateek 
Aggarwal – Chief Financial Officer along with the broader Leadership Team to discuss the 
performance of the Company during the quarter followed by Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involve 
a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements 
made herein are based on information presently available to the Management and the Company 
does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made in the course of 
this call. In this regard, please do review the Safe Harbor statements in the Formal Investor 
Release Document and all the factors that can cause the difference. 
Over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Nitin. Good evening, good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for 
joining us today for our Q1 Earnings Call. 
I will directly get into our business performance for the quarter: 
As we had communicated, seasonally, Q1 has always been a soft quarter for HCLTech. It's still 
industry-leading YoY growth as it increased 5.6% on a year-on-year basis in constant currency, 
though our revenues declined 1.6% sequentially. Again, this was better than how we had 
expected this quarter to pan out when we met last. 
We had called out the key factors that drove this during the last call. Operating margins clocked 
in at 17.1%, a decrease of 50 basis points compared to the last quarter and an increase of 13 basis 
points compared to the last year same quarter. 
 
In terms of Segmental Performance: 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Our Services business declined 1.9% sequentially but grew 5.8% year-on-year in constant 
currency. 
Our IT and Business Services grew 5.3% year-on-year but declined 1.5% sequentially in 
constant currency. 
Our Engineering and R&D Services grew 8.4% year-on-year but declined 3.5% sequentially in 
constant currency. The decline in Engineering Services were primarily in the Manufacturing and 
Med-Tech vertical segments. 
HCL Software grew 3.5% year-on-year as well as 0.4% sequentially in constant currency. HCL 
Software business continues to progress in the right direction with annual recurring revenue at 
$1.01 billion. 
Now, coming to the Verticals and Geographies: 
In terms of geographies, on a year-on-year basis, Europe grew 3%, Americas grew 8%, but rest 
of the world declined at 3.6% in constant currency. 
On a year-on-year basis, telecom and media and retail and CPG vertical segments fared well, 
growing at 69.2% and 9.7% respectively. 
Manufacturing growth 3.5% year on year in constant currency, enabled by the ASAP acquisition, 
which we did last year. 
Life Sciences and Healthcare segments declined 4.1% year-on-year in constant currency due to 
completion of projects last year and because of the softness that I had called out in the mid tech 
segment. 
Bookings during the quarter, we had the TCV of $1.96 billion, approximately $2 billion with a 
good mix of small deals and large deals. We have called out all the large deal wins in our investor 
release and have also called out a number of opportunities that we have won in the space of 
GenAI in our investor release. 
From a people perspective, our overall people account at the end of the quarter was 219,401, a 
sequential reduction of 3.6%, which is largely attributed to the State Street JV exit. 
Our attrition continues to abate on an LTM basis. Our IT services voluntary attrition now stands 
at 12.8%, one of the lowest in the industry. 
Expanding on a new Vista Strategy, this quarter we opened a center in Patna in Bihar, continuing 
to expand our new Vista strategy. 
In terms of business trends and GenAI, we continue to see a lot of AI and GenAI-related 
opportunities. We had launched HCLTech AI Force, a generative AI and automation platform 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
couple of months ago and now We have launched another suite of products, HCLTech Enterprise 
AI Boundary to simplify and scale enterprise AI journeys. 
Talking about Client Programs: 
There are multiple ongoing engagements where we are working with clients to deliver real value. 
Specifically in terms of AI-led wins, the following are worth a mention: A global technology 
major selected HCLTech for implementing a GenAI-based solution for gaming review analysis 
that automated data collection, sentiment analysis and operational automation, resulting in 
significant workload reduction and 119% increase in game reviews. They also selected us to 
deploy GenAI to transform their content lifecycle management and the processes. HCLTech will 
help the client to automate its content processing with intelligent features such as persona filters. 
A Europe-based financial services major has partnered with us to develop and manage its next 
gen low latency electronic platform and compliance analytics platform leveraging GenAI. 
A US-based insurance provider selected HCLTech to transform its contact center and back office 
operations for claims management, leveraging GenAI. 
HCLTech's Gen AI Force Digital Colleague suite of products will help the client optimize 
workflows, boost operational flexibility and enhance efficiency, accuracy and overall service 
quality in managing healthcare claims. 
Adoption of GenAI technologies is also expected to boost demand for cloud services and data 
standardization work. Recent implementations that we did demonstrate that trend. It delivers 
business efficiency and operational excellence for clients who are seeking several modernization 
objectives. 
For a leading athleisure brand, we modernize their e-commerce platform to improve Omni-
channel consumer experiences and that spurred their top line growth. 
For a US beauty retailer, we created a digital store of the future, digital shopping experience, 
that's high performing, visually appealing, immersive and omni channel. 
Both implementations involve migrating from legacy systems to next gen platforms that enable 
innovation, reduce OPEX and scale on demand. This should logically lead to the next stage of 
leveraging Gen AI further. 
This Gen AI momentum is driven by the attractiveness of a full stack proposition, which delivers 
to the entirety of the enterprise covering business processes, product applications, data, cognitive 
infrastructure and the semiconductor design. These full stack capabilities are key in the market 
right now and the flagship offering of AI Force and AI Foundry along with a global network of 
Gen AI labs are bringing them to life for our clients across the globe. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
We are in fact seeing unprecedented levels of activity in our AI labs, which provide strategic 
advisory services, hands on engineering acceleration and a unique ideate to MVP experience 
designed to quickly prepare clients for scaled AI deployment. Our AI labs have curated 200 plus 
MVPs for our clients till date. Fueling this activity is a solid investment in people, places and 
partnerships. 
In terms of people, we have a target of training 50,000 people on Gen. AI and AI skills this fiscal. 
33% of this target has already been achieved in this quarter alone. Our focus on data AI, Gen AI 
developer skilling across the stack with a special focus to create a cohort of data and AI 
principals. 
In terms of locations, this quarter we inaugurated an AI Lab in New Jersey in the US and the 
Gen. AI dedicated Data Center in Austin, TX. These labs help clients quickly innovate, 
experiment, and prepare for scale production, deployment of AI and Gen AI enabled solutions. 
We have also recently announced a new collaboration to establish a Gen. AI CoE based on IBM 
Watson X AIM data platform. In terms of partnership, our expansive ecosystem of partners 
continues to be our bedrock of growth in this market. 
 We have strategic partnerships with all the leading hyperscalers. ISVs and Systems OEMs that 
keep us at the forefront of key innovation happening in this space. 
In a software business too, similar acceleration is offered around Gen AI. Every major product 
in the HCL Software portfolio has now been embedded and infused with Gen AI capabilities, 
from business applications to total experience to intelligent operations, cybersecurity and data 
analytics. 
Our Investor Release has got more details of the deals that we won both on GenAI and other 
digital and traditional themes, which should give you a much broader view of the potential 
opportunities in front of us. 
Last quarter, we received several accolades and happy to share that HCLTech has been included 
in Business World's “India's Most Respected Companies 2024” List as #7. 
HCLTech named the “Most Honored Company in India” in “Annual Asia Executive Team 
Survey” by the Institutional Investor Research. 
HCLTech ranked number one in 21 categories in the Technology IT Services and Software Sector 
and had a total of 27 top three rankings across Asia, ex-Japan and rest of Asia, ex-Mainland 
China survey tracks. 
And I am sure you know most of these details. I would like to thank you all for the continued 
support. These awards would not have come our way without you and your industry peers 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
acknowledging our work and commitment to strong corporate governance and investor relations. 
A sincere thank you to all our investors and analysts for their acknowledgments. 
From an ESG perspective, we also won few recognitions this quarter. The British Safety Council 
has recognized five of our campuses in India with the prestigious “International Safety Award 
2024”. We also won the “Equinix APAC Social Governance Award” and “SAP Pinnacle Award” 
in the “Social Impact Category” for the HCLTech Aqua Solution that helps enterprises achieve 
their water conservation goals. 
Looking ahead, with Q1 performance in line with our expectations, we will grow in Q2 in all 
verticals and geographies seeing a sequential growth except financial services. As you know, we 
shall have the planned impact of State Street divestiture on our revenues in Q2 and including 
that impact, we remain comfortable with our full year revenue and margin guidance as clients 
spend on GenAI and other emerging technologies. We expect to meet this guidance through 
strong operational execution that we have demonstrated over the last several years. 
With that, I will hand it over to Prateek to provide more details on our financial performance. 
Over to you Prateek. 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning and good evening to all of you. I hope you are keeping well. 
The Q1 FY25 Overview: 
Revenue stands at $3.364 billion, which is a decline of 1.6% sequentially, but a growth of 5.6% 
year-on-year in constant currency terms. This quarter, it was led by the software segment, which 
was up 0.4% sequentially and 3.5% on year-on-year terms in constant currency and ARR stands 
at $1.01 billion. 
Services came in at 3,041 million ~ 3 billion roughly, which was down 1.9% sequentially and 
up 5.8% year-on-year. Within that, ITBS came in at $2.5 billion, down about 1.5 percentage 
points and up 5.3% year-on-year. ER&D came down 3.5% sequentially and up 8.4% year-on-
year. 
Our EBIT came in at $575 million at 17.1%, which is down 50 basis points sequentially, but up 
13 basis points year-on-year. Like CVK mentioned already, typically Q1 has that seasonality for 
us. 
The Service margin is the one that drove the overall margins, down on a sequential basis, 51 
basis points and up 43 basis points on a year-on-year basis. 
Net income for the quarter is $496 million which is at 14.7% in U.S. dollar terms, which is an 
increase of 3.4% sequentially and 15.3% year-on-year. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Our other income as you would have noticed is higher due to the divestment of the State Street 
DPO JV in this quarter. 
I would like to highlight one thing which is a little unique in this quarter compared to most other 
quarters or years, is the divergence between the net income in dollar terms versus rupee terms 
and that is driven by the accounting of the divestment of the State Street DPO JV. 
What I am specifically referring to is the 15.2% net income in rupee terms in our IndAS financial 
statements, which is a divergence of about 43 basis points. This is basically because of an 
accounting difference between how the recording of the initial investment in the entities that 
were divested got currency translated over the 12-13 years of the life of the JV and is typically 
referred to as Currency Translation Adjustment (CTA). In the US dollar P&L, there is about $9.8 
million, which was a loss in the US dollar P&L, but the same thing in the IndAS P&L, is a gain 
of $4.7 million. Therefore, there is that $14 and a half million difference. If you just translate the 
Rupee P&L would be higher by $14.5 million on that account. 
Moving on to the normal EBIT margin walk: 
There is not much to see there. It's pretty straightforward. 15 bps is the decrease at the Company 
level, which is obviously caused by the drop in the services margin which is at 51 basis points 
and that is basically the drop in margin is from the ER&D segment where the drop in revenue 
has percolated down to the margins if you look at it that way. And so that is really the reason for 
the drop sequentially QoQ. 
The impact of annual productivity that has resulted in the revenue decline has been offset by 
efficiencies in business and along the way we got some small exchange benefit of about 10 basis 
points as well. 
We continue to improve our return on invested capital (ROIC) due to continued focus on 
profitability and managing capital efficiency. The last 12 months ROIC, you will see is now at 
42.8% for services which is a handsome increase of 4.8% on a year-on-year basis, and the 
software  continues to be at 16.1% like last quarter and the therefore the Company as a whole in 
the last 12 months ROIC is at 34.6% which is also an increase of 3.5 percentage points on a 
year-on-year basis. 
The guidance remains the same as what we had given you at the beginning of the year last quarter 
when we announced and revenue guidance continues to be 3% to 5% and like CVK mentioned, 
we are confident of seeing growth despite the 80-bps impact at a Company level from the. State 
Street DPO revenues going away, and which is about 90 bps at a Services level, we do expect to 
see growth in Q2 over Q1 both for the total Company and for Services, we continue to have that 
guidance band of 3% to 5% and EBIT between 18% to 19%. 
Our cash generation continues to be robust. Last 12 months, operating cash flow is at 2.7 billion, 
which is 9% increase year-on-year and free cash flow is at 2.6 billion, which is an increase of 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
12% year-on-year. The respective conversion factor compared to net income are at 139% for 
OCF and 133% for free cash flow respectively. 
Our balance sheet continues to strengthen. Gross cash at $3.26 billion now and net cash just a 
shade below $3 billion at $2,985 million.  
We succeeded to reduce our DSO by another day, including unbuilt. It is now at 82 days versus 
83 days last quarter. So, that's an improvement of one day sequentially and an improvement of 
six days on a year-on-year basis because it was at 88 in the same quarter last year. 
For our shareholders, the diluted EPS for the last 12 months therefore comes in at 60.52 which 
is up 8.7% year-on-year, and the board has declared a dividend at. Rs.12 per share for the quarter, 
interim dividend which is in line with what we had been doing in the Q2 and Q3 of last year as 
well. We're maintaining the same run rate. The record date is going to be 23rd July and the 
payment of the same shall be 1st of August for the shareholders. That brings our last 12-month 
payout to Rs.54 per share, which is a ratio of 89% to the net income. 
And that's where I will pause and moderator back to you for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Vibhor 
Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
CVK, I just had two questions. One, I think this quarter, we were expecting a decline because of 
the project moving from onsite to offshore, but adjusting for that, how is the BFSI segment 
looking like? How is the growth overall in this segment in terms of the pickup in demand; I 
mean we had a very strong BFSI performance last year, do you expect that momentum to 
continue or even get better? And a similar comment if you could provide on Manufacturing. 
What led to this decline in the Manufacturing vertical in this quarter and how do we see it going 
forward? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. Thank you, Vibhor. Let me address the Financial Services question. Apart from the one item 
that we had called out last quarter, the progress played out exactly as we had expected. As you 
know, Q2 will have a little more impact because of the state street divestiture. After that, we 
expect FS to show some growth because a couple of big wins that we had in the quarter were in 
financial services, which would start contributing to incremental revenues in Q3 and Q4. Still 
the large outlook in financial services seems to be cost efficiency kind of driven programs, but 
a lot of them are not just straightforward cost efficiency, but it is led by level of modernization 
and tech transformation. That's what we are seeing in financial services. We're not seeing the 
general discretionary spend really picking up. It remains somewhat similar to what we saw in 
the last quarter. In Manufacturing, we have talked about the two elements of the Q1 outlook, one 
was of course offshoring of a large program, the second one was a traditional year-on-year 
productivity that kicks in in April. This is a little more concentrated in the Manufacturing 
vertical. So, that was one reason. Second, we saw in fact a significant weakness in the 
Automotive segment, contrary to all the expectations, because we see a lot of stress with the 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
automotive firms in Europe and that has contributed to the second element. The third, which is 
it's mostly a BAU thing - our asset revenue has declined some 10-odd million and pretty much 
all of that seems to have happened in the Manufacturing vertical. Now, moving forward, as I 
mentioned, we see good growth in Manufacturing in the second quarter. So, we should continue 
to see good traction in Manufacturing henceforth. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, apart from this, these three things that you mentioned, the overall outlook in the 
Manufacturing remains as it was, let's say last year? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
That's right. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
I just have one follow up question for Prateek. I think we would probably be taking the wage 
hike in due course of the year, either Q2 or Q3. If you can probably shed some light on that as 
well as to when we are planning it? Given that we are at 17.1% margin in this quarter and there 
is the impact of these hike yet to come, what are the operating levers that you're looking at to be 
able to manage the margins in that 18% to 19% band? I know Q3 will be a bump up because of 
the product business; however, despite that it seems to be a bit of a tall ask what are you looking 
at in terms of the levers to achieve that number? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Thanks for that question, Vibhor. I think I don't want to speculate too much about the wage hike 
timing and one-term, etc. Like Ram mentioned at the press conference, it is still a decision which 
is work-in progress. So, that is a work-in-progress which we will decide during the quarter. But 
at an overall level there is a certain quarter wise trajectory that we have had. If you look at the 
last couple of years, our Q1 is typically soft on the top line which kind of translates to the bottom-
line EBIT as well. Then we have Q2 which is a pickup. Q3, like you rightly pointed out, is the 
peak. So, Q1 is the sort of trough, Q3 is the peak and the other two are somewhere in the middle. 
That's what we would expect to play out even in this year. I will leave it there because there is a 
long list of levers. We have talked about it enough times and all those levers continue to be 
available and at play. I will leave it there, Vibhor. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
That was very helpful. So, in nutshell, we don't see any threat to over 18% to 19% guidance and 
we are comfortably pleased to meet that number.  
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Our guidance continues to be 18% to 19%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntapalli from Kotak Mahindra. 
Please go ahead.  
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Hi, CVK. Thanks for the opportunity. So, you mentioned that the performance during the quarter 
was better than initially anticipated. Was this driven by the faster velocity, shorter cycle deals 
which would have come through during the quarter or something else? 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
It's difficult. It's a little bit contribution from a lot of things. It's not that we have hugely over-
performed from our expectations. It is slightly above our expectations and it's a lot of small 
things which has added up. I wouldn't really call out any trend or anything like that.  
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
You seem to be confidently suggesting that all verticals and geographies will sequentially grow 
in Q2 with just one exception. So, are you suggesting that the demand situation has bottomed 
out and seeing a gradual improvement from here on?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
The only exception is Financial Services as I have called out and from a demand situation 
perspective, our going in assumption for the year was that discretionary spend would be similar 
to the last year and we maintain the same thing. I don't think the environment has changed in 
any meaningful way during the first quarter to project any optimism. Of course, our forecast for 
Q2 is based on the deals that we won and the execution that is underway. That's why we feel 
confident of our more broad-based growth in Q2.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Menon: 
CVK, just wanted to check about the Manufacturing vertical performance. Last year, despite the 
productivity improvements, we have shown good growth. Even the year before that, there was 
only a slight decline, just about 0.5% Q-o-Q in CC terms. This year seems to be a lot more 
pronounced. Could you give some more color on what happened in the automotive sector? Is 
there any decline in the ASAP acquisition's revenue specifically?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, Ravi, I think you guessed it right. Our ASAP acquisition did not deliver to the way we 
expected in the first quarter. But we are very confident of the overall investment and the outlook 
in that segment. I do believe the EV segment is going to undergo some stress due to various 
factors, especially in Germany. Given the ASAP acquisition, we expect the Q2 to be a good 
growth quarter and if you are trying to compare it to last year and other years, usually there are 
lots of elements. Assets are one thing, cost of $10 million, kind of an impact from Q4 to Q1. And 
that's not something which we can predict/define year-on-year. Then the productivity benefits - 
it’s pretty much similar and a repetitive thing every year. The growth can be influenced in one 
year because of a new deal ramp up, etc. So, it's very difficult to draw a one-to-one correlation.  
Ravi Menon: 
Prateek, a question on the margin. Your IT Services' margin seems to be holding up well with 
the shift offshore probably leading it, but the R&D has seen a sharp decline. Can we recover the 
R&D margins fairly quickly or do you think this will take a few quarters?  
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Well, I am pretty sure we will recover most of it quickly. As you can see, it's a mathematical 
truth sitting out there. The costs have remained pretty much flat quarter-on-quarter, whereas 
there is a $20 million decline on the revenue line which has percolated down to the margin. So, 
sometimes that can happen when it is not expected, and it happens during the quarter. You don't 
have enough time to take the corrective action. I am sure they will take corrective action during 
the current quarter and see some growth hopefully.  

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Last question, if I may, on the fresher addition. How many trainees are you planning to hire this 
year?  
Ram Sundararajan: 
There is a full year plan for this year. We have planned for is 10,000. Q1 we added about 1,100. 
That's in line with what we have planned for Q1, but a fresher addition through the year is always 
going to be something that we will plan quarter-on-quarter. We do make our plans based on what 
we do on campus and what we do off campus. Off campus is going to help us get that flexibility 
to moderate quarter-on-quarter to meet the demand that we have. But the going position for the 
year is 10,000 that we are still going as per plan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Sandeep Shah: 
CVK, the first question is any experience to share when the deals in ADM or IMS come for 
renewal and what are the clients asking for in terms of any benefits to be passed on from GenAI?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, my answer may not be very popular, but I will still give it. More than the expectation from 
the clients on GenAI, I think it's the competitive intensity which is kind of driving some irrational 
behavior. That's all I would want to just say. In GenAI, customers, especially for running 
production landscapes, are a lot more pragmatic in what can be done and what needs to be done 
with a lot more thought and in a very gradual manner. I think we are working very well. Our AI 
Force platform is addressing the end-to-end lifecycle of software development and application 
operations, and a lot of our DRYiCE solution suite is also now integrated into the AI Force 
platform, where the earlier through machine learning runbooks were getting created, but now 
it's a lot easier through generative AI. So, that's all part of our AI Force platform. We are 
committed to implement AI Force platform across all our customers as and when we get the 
approvals. From then on, it's a journey and the customers recognize that. I would leave it there.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Prateek, just the question in terms of the announced acquisition in May of 2024, I do agree it 
will take another six to nine months to close and not forming part of the guidance. Are you 
worried it may dilute our margin substantially? And so, it may change our comfort range on the 
EBIT margin at 18% to 19% whenever it gets consolidated.  
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Our guidance is organic, both on the top line and on the bottom line. So, whenever the deal 
closes, like you said, six to nine months from the date we announced, that revenue is not in the 
3-5% guided range, and neither is the margin. As far as accounting of any new acquisition goes, 
most of the EBITDA that comes with the acquisition gets provided as amortization of 
intangibles. So, most acquisitions' P&Ls for the first one or two years are not really EBIT 
accretive or show any meaningful EBIT in the first couple of years. Hope this explains that.  
Sandeep Shah: 
So, this purchase consideration would be largely allocated towards intangibles rather than 
tangible assets, right?  

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Intangibles include goodwill which doesn't amortize. So, in any acquisition, a substantial part, 
more than 50% definitely goes towards intangibles.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Last question, CVK, what will it take for clients to relook the discretionary projects in terms of 
reducing the leaking buckets or to start the projects which are put on pause? Based on your 
interaction with the client, what are the events which they expect to become more constructive 
on discretionary projects?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think even now there is some amount of discretionary spend happening, but for customers to 
become a little bit liberal and open-minded in doing new work, I think it's largely driven by the 
economic pressures, whether it is interest rates or inflation and things like that. 
And it varies from segment to segment. So, I think it's just the macro factors. While some 
companies have delivered very good profitability, but there is still a conservatism that is there, 
which I think will loosen up a little bit with some signals and some real changes in the macro.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh from Emkay. Please go ahead.  
Dipesh: 
Two questions. First about the vertical technology and services seem returned to good growth 
paths. So, if you can help us understand what is driving it because that vertical was relatively 
soft for last four-five quarters. Second is about the GenAI – what is our growth strategy and how 
are we different compared to some of the peers? AI Force, you said, we intend to implement 
across client base. If you can share some statistics around where we are in that journey?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
I have been indicating that we were seeing some green shoots of growth coming from Tech and 
Services, and it helped us grow in this quarter. At this point, there are certain programs both on 
the digital business side and some on the execution of the other programs that we had won, two-
three quarters ago that are helping. We also see a lot of momentum with the hyperscalers in 
enabling their infrastructure creation and support. We are also seeing some green shoots in the 
Engineering Services as well, but it didn't contribute meaningfully to the last quarter. We hope 
it will contribute in the next quarter.  
Now, coming to generative AI, if I kind of summarize all the different use cases, one is very, 
very efficiency led. The second one is really innovation led driven by the leverage of data. So, 
our HCLTech AI Force is a comprehensive platform, which addresses all the efficiency-led 
benefits, both on IT processes and business processes. So, this is one platform, if a customer can 
implement it within their enterprise, then all the functions within the organization can leverage 
it to drive their efficiency programs using one consolidated platform which is secure, which has 
got ways to look at implementation of responsible AI and traceability of the decisions.  
So, I think this platform is very comprehensive. While we started with Azure OpenAI, now it's 
expanded into several other LLMs. I think it's going to be quite pervasive across. I don't believe 
the industry has a similar platform. We definitely have an edge in this.  

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
The second aspect within an enterprise will be how the internal organizational data, which is 
across different functions without going out (external to the organization), being leveraged to 
drive generative AI programs and innovation. That is where HCLTech’s Enterprise AI Foundry, 
really helps any enterprise's AI journey, which is not just the efficiencies addressed by HCLTech 
AI Force and all the innovation around data is addressed by Enterprise AI Foundry.  
Now these two are leading edge, which even our hyperscaler partners recognize as a very strong 
offering from our side. And we have also aligned our HCLTech Enterprise AI Foundry with all 
the tech OEMs like Dell, HPE and others. They also see a lot of value in this solution, especially 
where we need to implement a private AI stack. Right now the implementations in maybe a 
dozen customers of AI Force are still early stages. I think it's all about getting the basic solution 
in place and then continue to drive adoption. And adoption is going to be a multi-year journey. I 
hope that was helpful.  
Dipesh: 
It is helpful. And just on follow up, in terms of let's say now customers we have for AI Force, 
whether there would be any immediate revenue benefit? Also, for time being, focus would be 
about adoption and revenue maybe over a period we try to monetize?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think there are two different opportunities. The AI Force is going to be implemented and 
it's going to be more driving efficiency within the enterprise. At some point there is a value for 
the IP that we provide on an ongoing basis to the clients. Whereas in enterprise Data Foundry, 
any solution that we are implementing will give us benefits like how the small project's 
discretionary spend does. This is going to be one more category where we will see customers 
spending and right now we do quite a bit of projects in this space. Double-digit TCV for two 
deals is what we have, but it's still early days. I would not extrapolate anything, but some 
meaningful wins are happening in this space. I believe that we have an edge over a lot of other 
service providers in this space.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
I had a clarification on State Street. So, I think in the press conference, you mentioned that there 
was an impact on BFSI this quarter from State Street. And next quarter we should have a 0.8% 
impact on revenue. So, did I hear that right? Because when I see the headcount fall of 8,000 and 
State Street is out, the acute headcount cost remains the same on a sequential basis. So, it feels 
like people have left towards the end of the quarter. So, the question is one, is there any impact 
on revenue in the current quarter due to State Street and should we assume that 80 bps for the 
whole of next quarter?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, just to clarify what we mentioned in the press conference and then Prateek can respond to 
the rest of the questions. We talked about the decline in Financial Services was due to offshoring 
of a large client. That was the main contributing factor which was as planned and as we had 
indicated in the beginning of the quarter. The finer details on the State Street cost and revenue, 
Prateek will address.  

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Yes, so I think we covered this, Nitin, in the press conference that you referred to. There is an 
80-bps at a company level and at a services level, the same translates to a 90-bps impact in Q2. 
That is exactly what we had told you at the beginning of the last quarter announcement.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
The second thing to clarify was, in this quarter, I think we mentioned $70 million is the gain on 
other income due to State Street, but I think the consideration was $170 million. So, the rest 
comes in the next quarter. So, that was one on the State Street side. And I had another one, which 
is, CVK, you alluded to some weakness in Germany on the EV side. Could you help 
contextualize that a little better as to what exactly you are seeing? And finally, I think yesterday 
there was this ISG call and even on the TCS call, there was this talk about the impact of GenAI 
on ADM and Infra. So, when ISG put that number at around 30% of cost savings, TCS put it at 
5% to 20%. Just wanted your thoughts on this because you have usually been very candid about 
these things. So, just wanted your thoughts on how, what are your observations on this space?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, maybe I will address the two questions on the weakness in Europe and the GenAI impact on 
ADM savings, and Prateek will address the State Street related questions. Weakness in Europe 
was led by Manufacturing. I did talk about the three items in Manufacturing - productivity, assets 
and softness in the automotive segment. Automotive segments, especially large automotive firms 
who have significant software development capability, I think due to their own current stress 
have ramped down on a couple of projects which had a sharp impact in our ASAP revenue. We 
believe we have amazing talent and the leadership in ASAP. We need to broad base the ASAP 
capabilities to our global clients and that's what we are working on. I do believe this will get 
offset soon.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So, are you seeing this as cuts on EV related programs overall, or it is just specific?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Well, there is definitely one specific thing, but overall, the EV market is softening. Some of the 
investments are getting a little bit not prioritized as it used to be. But of course, the long-term 
trend, I do strongly believe in it. It could be the economic pressures on some of the industrial 
customers is what is causing this.  
On GenAI, I have been fairly clear on the four areas and the kind of impact it will have. The first 
is DPO and testing. I believe the benefits would be to the extent of 50% and we ourselves have 
delivered programs or delivering programs which is promising 50% savings from their current 
outsourced spend on DPO and testing. We have examples for both.  
The second aspect is in ADM. I think ADM and all the operations needs to be looked at 
differently. In ADM, we expect productivity improvement anywhere from 10% to 30% by 
adoption of a GitHub Copilot. The GitHub Copilot adoption journey is also a very gradual 
journey. Usually, customers look at a cohort of maybe 100 to 200 developers. They look at all 
the metrics and really make sure the productivity that is being measured which is accrued due to 
the GitHub Copilots, is calibrated and proper benchmarks made. Then that itself is significant to 
change management to achieve and then they scale from there to a much larger 1,000 to 2,000 
developer kind of capacity. So, this is a journey, and we believe 10% to 30% is the productivity 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
saving that would come through. Even one of the most advanced companies in this, have their 
own internal goal to achieve 10% productivity on the software development.  
The third element is the infrastructure application operations. This is where you are normally 
working on live systems which is running mission-critical applications and infrastructure 
landscape. So, the GenAI's incremental value from the existing automation, machine learning, 
and AI-led automation that has already existed in a very mature implementation where we have 
used machine learning and traditional AI technologies, the incremental benefit you would see 
would be in the range of 10%. That's what we expect. Of course, in areas like Service Desk etc, 
which is also in infrastructure support, maybe the opportunity is a little higher.  
And the fourth element is all the business innovation and the data-led AI journeys, which will 
really be a good growth driver because here every application needs to be modernized with a 
GenAI approach. And that's for the existing applications. Then even to leverage GenAI in an 
effective manner, a lot of customers need to continue their modernization journey and the 
streamlining of data. So, I think there are a lot of prerequisites that are becoming more and more 
important as we complete these POCs for a number of customers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead.  
Gaurav Rateria: 
The first question is for CVK. Just trying to understand all the projects that we are delivering on 
GenAI, how to understand if it's all an incremental demand that is coming to us or it does it 
reflect that some projects are being prioritized on GenAI but something else is being 
deprioritized? Trying to understand if it is an incremental net positive for the industry and for 
us.  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Eventually it will be an incremental positive, especially the fourth category that I have talked 
about. I would think it's incrementally positive. These spends, like I am aware of one bank, 
which is looking at half a billion dollars outlay for GenAI programs. So, this is something which 
is coming top down. They believe it can be a very disruptive capability that they can leverage. 
So, while that is just one example, but it just shows the kind of thinking that customers are going 
through. Of course, from thinking, to executing and to giving us the program, there is a time 
gap. So, I personally think it will create a new spend trajectory.  
Gaurav Rateria: 
Related question, CVK, on the prerequisite that you mentioned that once you complete the 
POCs, you will have a lot of the work coming around modernization, which would be 
prerequisite for companies to implement the GenAI. Does it mean that the second stage could 
mean a much larger project than that you have right now on POC stage and much longer 
engagements?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
I see it more like the cloud journey where it kept growing incrementally. That's how I see this 
come up.  

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
We would need to end our question-and-answer session at this point. Thank you. Ladies and 
gentlemen, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and MD for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. Apologize that we have run out of time. I am sure you have a lot of questions. Nitin will be 
very happy to respond to your questions as appropriate offline or in any other conversation. And 
thank you for joining us today and for all the interesting questions. We want to bring to your 
attention that on the 28th of August, we have an Investor Day planned in Mumbai, and you will 
get invites, and we really look forward to seeing all of you during the investor day. And thank 
you for joining us and thank you for your ongoing support and have a pleasant evening.  
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HCL Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
