 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: July 29, 2024  
 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 22, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 22, 2024 
to discuss the performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 and the same is available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/financial-
information/quarterly-earnings. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
For Aurum PropTech Limited                                    
 
 
 
 Sonia Jain                                                                      
 Company Secretary &                                                   
 Compliance Officer 
 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 539289 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
Sonia 
Hitesh Jain
Digitally signed by 
Sonia Hitesh Jain 
Date: 2024.07.29 
23:04:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
“Aurum PropTech Limited 
Q1 FY 2024-25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 22, 2024 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. ASHISH DEORA: FOUNDER AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AURUM VENTURES 
MR. ONKAR SHETYE: EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
MR. HIREN LADVA: EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT,
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
   MS. SONIA JAIN, INVESTOR RELATIONS, AURUM
PROPTECH LIMITED 
DURATION: 01:03:19 MINUTES 
PRESENTATION LINK: Q1FY2025INVESTOR PRESENTATION
MEETING VIDEO: Q1FY2025EARNINGSCALL  

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aurum PropTech Limited Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Sonia. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Sonia Jain: 
Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to the Quarter 1 FY 2024-25 Financial Results 
Presentation of Aurum PropTech Limited. We appreciate your continued interest and support. 
Joining us today is Mr. Ashish Deora, the Founder and CEO of Aurum Ventures; Mr. Onkar 
Shetye, Executive Director; Mr. Kunal Karan, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Hiren Ladva, 
EVP Investments. 
 
Before we dive into the details, I would like to remind everyone that the forward-looking 
statements we may discuss are subject to risk and uncertainties. Kindly refer Slide number 2 of 
investor presentation for detailed disclaimer. 
 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Deora for his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Sonia. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It is my privilege 
to welcome you to this 13th Earnings Call of Aurum PropTech. I'm thrilled to discuss our latest 
financial results and share the progress we have made over the past quarter. 
 
Let me start with profitability. At Aurum, we have always focused on unit economics, path to 
profitability and value creation. We have been articulating these thoughts through our various 
communications over last two years.  
We are starting to see the benefits of our disciplined approach across the ecosystem that we have 
created. Quarter one of this year has validated our disciplined efforts.  
In the past quarter, we have seen all round improvement in performance ratios across our 
businesses. Compared to the financial ratios of last year, this quarter, delivered improved PBT, 
improved EBITDA and improved adjusted EBITDA by 13%, 8% and 10%, respectively.  
As we remain extremely focused on costs and run our businesses with a frugal mindset, we also 
need to continuously grow and increase our market share.  
I will now touch upon how we are endeavouring to achieve these. 
 
We have often discussed with all our stakeholders, how large and untapped the residential rental 
opportunity is. HelloWorld and NestAway are showcasing our growing market presence and the 
effectiveness of our strategies in this space. We believe that we are the leading player in the 
rental vertical and will continue to dominate this space. We aim to replicate our success of rental 
vertical across our entire ecosystem. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Real estate housing sector has seen record-breaking transactions over the past few quarters and 
our services in form of Aurum Analytica and Sell.Do, enjoy a commendable trust of the 
developer community in enabling them to reach to the prospective homebuyers. Both these 
businesses have delivered their best returns in Q1 FY 2025. We are now working on a few 
strategic initiatives to reorganize and lead the real estate sector in the distribution vertical as well 
over the next few quarters.  
At Aurum, we strive to grow exponentially, but always in a sensible manner. 
 
Moving on from numbers, Technology is at the heart of our mission. We have made substantial 
advancements in our platform, integrating AI and machine learning to provide smarter and more 
efficient solutions for our clients. As the real estate sector across India continues to get 
organized, the need of techno specially, data analytics, marketing and sales automation will be 
getting stronger. 
 
Our road map is designed to build on emerging trends and ensure that we remain at the forefront 
of PropTech industry.  
Our challenge is to maintain similar efficiency over the next three quarters. This will enable us 
to deliver stellar performances in FY 2025 and improved all-round financial metrics on a year-
on-year basis. 
 
I believe we are learning this balance to trade off between growth and profitability and we are 
improving every single day. I'm confident that with our dedicated team, innovative solutions and 
strategic vision, we are well positioned to set bolder targets and continue to achieve our 
ambitious goals.  
I want to reiterate my gratitude for your trust and support. Together, we are building a future 
where tech and real estate converge seamlessly to create smarter and more sustainable 
ecosystem. 
Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions. Over to my colleague, Onkar. 
Thank you, Mr. Deora. The rental business comprising of student living, co-living and family 
rentals, manages 30,000 rental units across 17 cities in India. This quarter, we had 6 lakh tenants 
searching for rental properties, 90,000 prospective tenants under management, and INR 70 
crores rental payments managed on our platforms. We have a major revamp of our rental 
discovery portal NestAway, we are aiming to create a better user experience for searching and 
booking rental properties. 
 
We have also spruced up our recommendation engine with AI-enabled match meeting features. 
For co-living units, we have continued the strategic supply acquisition in high-demand areas. To 
maximize revenue during off-season periods, we are also piloting short stay as a flexible and 
convenience format for tenants. 
 
With a continued focus on providing right value, right location and right property for rental 
consumers, we are aiming to reach 50,000 units under management as our first pit stop, followed 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
by 1 lakh units under management. We will keep up the momentum to build the India rental real 
estate opportunity, an opportunity to solution about 2 crores individuals and households to be 
serviced with tech-enabled renting and living experience. 
 
Our Distribution business that includes data analytics, marketing and sales automation continue 
to increase enterprise efficiency for real estate developers. This quarter, we had 80,000 buyers 
actively looking for home purchase at Aurum Analytica. More than 7,500 SaaS licenses were 
deployed across 180 projects in the country, providing marketing and sales automation to real 
estate developers. We also facilitated INR 450 crores worth home sales with our broker 
aggregation offering. 
 
Our data analytics business grew 30% year-on-year, signed up 100 new projects and commenced 
operations in new locations, including Ahmedabad, Hyderabad and Bangalore. Our marketing 
and sales automation business achieved a key milestone of reaching PBT positive this quarter. 
With this, our distribution business has now turned profitable across all offerings. This is a 
segment where real estate developers spend INR 4,000 crores worth of expenditure on marketing 
and sales operation, a segment that also presents to us a large opportunity for tech rate disruption.  
The Capital segment has engaged further with regulators and comments on to the SM-REIT 
application. We believe that there is an immense potential in this business with close to 33 
million square feet office space with over USD48 billion value available for SM-REIT segment. 
 
I will now further hand over to my colleague for financial updates. 
Kunal Karan: 
Thank you, Onkar. Thank you, everyone, for taking out time to join us on this call today. The 
Board of Directors approved the unaudited results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, and I will 
take you through the headline results. 
 
The total income for the quarter was INR 69.10 crores as compared to INR 47.71 crores in Q1 
FY 2024, up by 45% year-on-year. EBITDA for quarter Q1 FY 2025 was INR 12.05 crores as 
compared to INR 1.80 crores in Q1 FY 2024 marking an improvement of 6.7x year-on-year. 
Adjusted EBITDA loss was INR4 crores for this quarter compared to a loss of INR11.77 crores 
in Q1 FY 2024 a year ago. This demonstrated an approximate 1,900 bps improvement in the 
adjusted EBITDA to total income ratio. 
 
Profit Before Tax improved approximately 2,000 bps year-on-year, standing at negative INR 
13.74 crores as compared to negative INR 18.79 crores in Q1 FY 2024. Now with this, I will 
pass on the call to Michelle to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We have the first question from Vikul Arora from Shadow. Please go 
ahead.  
Vikul Arora: 
So my question over here is, despite being -- we are improving from RaaS model like real estate 
and service from INR 50 crores to INR 58 crores. But sir, I want to ask, but the SaaS is -- it's bit 
down for this quarter, like from INR 8.8 crores to -- it's close to INR6 crores. Is there any issue 
that we are facing in terms of SaaS model? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Onkar Shetye: 
Mr. Arora, thank you for this question. A quick idea on both the models, well RaaS business 
largely transaction-led technical businesses, SaaS business for tech deployment. What we have 
done is, as a part of a certain restructuring, we have gone on to build transaction platforms on 
our SaaS technology platform. 
So a couple of examples, what in case is, we've built a broker aggregation platform on top of the 
SaaS business or the marketing and sales automation tech stack, that enabled us to get a larger 
value in terms of revenue, which is demonstrated in the RAS business. 
 
There is definitely a certain headwind that we faced in quarter one this year for the SaaS business 
owing to, I would say, certain election-led expenditure by real estate developer segment. We 
look at increasing this in the next quarter. And SaaS business will continue to demonstrate 
substantial, I would say, value, if not revenue going further in the next quarters. 
Vikul Arora: 
So basically, it's a temporary ones? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Sorry, I didn't get it. Yes. 
Vikul Arora: 
Temporary, Yes. So my question is, could you please throw some light over fractional ownership 
that earlier the Aurum is working on, if you can please? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes. So we have, over the last couple of years, we have looked very intently at this particular 
space, much before the regulation has come in, right? As you are aware, we actually kind of took 
up the tech platform of an erstwhile player and onboarded the entire team who has been working 
with us to build that platform in the name of Aurum WiseX. Thanks to the regulation, which 
first came in the form of a notification last year and has now come out as a regulation dated 8th 
March, we have started preparing for the license application as we speak. 
 
We have been in consultation with legal advisers who are helping us in kind of the process to 
submit the application form for that. So, the first step in that is to procure the license and then 
migrate the existing set of assets that we have, which are with around 400 investors, who have 
roughly AUM of INR 180 crores with us. So those would be the two first and foremost steps as 
far as we are concerned, given the SM-REIT notification that has come. 
 
In terms of how the market will pan out, mostly, we remain positive in terms of how the market 
is going to grow, thanks to the regulation. The initial 1 or 2 years might have some unknowns in 
the form of how the distribution of these assets happen. If you are aware, before the regulation 
came in, all the fractional ownership platforms had their own distribution engines in terms of 
sales team, digital platforms, et cetera. But the paradigm now has to change completely with the 
introduction of a merchant banker coming in between. 
 
On the positive side, in fact, there are many positives to take, the biggest one of them being that 
all these investments will become more liquid, thanks to all the units being listed on stock 
exchanges like NSE and BSE. So overall, that is positive. But we are taking the entire approach 
step by step, which is first, to apply for the license, and then, plan for migration and in parallel, 
launch appropriate and lucrative properties that can be fractionalized. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next text question from Vinay Gupta from Previse Wealth. And the question is, can 
you please explain the adjusted EBITDA calculation? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes, this is Hiren, here. I'll take up that question. If we can refer to the slide, which we have 
presented. Yes.  So broadly, as you might be aware, we have been following the IndAS standard 
of reporting financial statements. And then by nature of our business, predominantly the co-
living business, we have certain properties, which are taken on long leases. And as per these 
standards, when we report them, we capitalize them and then there are 'x' number of costs which 
we have to report in the entries. 
 
Now what happens is both for our own internal tracking as well as for investors like you, who 
want to understand how operationally are we performing, how we are improving, it makes sense 
for us to start tracking - first internally, how the operational EBITDA in the erstwhile domain 
works. So hence, we kind of created our own dashboard saying that if this is the reported number, 
and if I adjust for the lease-related costs first, right, what would be my operational EBITDA look 
like, right? 
 
And we benchmarked this approach with a number of listed companies not just in India, but 
outside India also who were similar standards like Ind AS, and to IndAS 116 specifically. . So 
we took learnings from them and we thought now that we understand how this, i.e.  the adjusted 
EBITDA calculations work, we thought, let us also for the benefit of our investors, transparently 
share this, so that they are also able to appreciate, given that we have a lease related business in 
the form of co-living the operating margins  
So we have put up a table, which is there in the investor presentation, which helps you to kind 
of match the entire P&L with how we look at adjusted EBITDA. 
 
For example, there is an entry in the income category, which is on account of the IndAS 
standards. And these are referred to as right of usage assets, right? This is in the “other income”. 
We first adjust the total income for that entry. Also, if you look at the costs, typically, the finance 
costs and the depreciation costs are where some of this IndAS 116-related entries come in, right? 
So, we balance for these costs from the EBITDA that you would have seen from the financial 
statements, right? If you look at the table, there is a line item “less lease cost on IndAS lease 
assets”. So that's an INR 35 crores number for FY '23, INR 71 crores for FY '24 and INR 17.8 
crores for Q1 FY '25, right? So we adjust that entry from the EBITDA that you would see from 
the financial statements, and whatever comes as a result is the adjusted EBITDA as we call it. 
So this, in our mind, is the erstwhile operational EBITDA, which is after adjusting costs from 
the leases that we have. So that's how we are tracking our operational performance as well, right? 
 
There is also another item which is one time item in the form of ESOP expenditure. So we have 
adjusted for that as well because we don't see this as a recurring or big expenditure coming into 
our P&L for long. And more so, because it's not a cash expenditure. So these are the two main 
adjustments we have done. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
And this is more first for our own to track our operational performance and secondly, for the 
benefit of our stakeholders, investor community to understand how the business is doing 
operationally. 
Ashish Deora: 
To add to what Hiren had said, this is Ashish here, we are also sort of learning this in a much 
sharper manner. And I think this quarter, we felt that our one, learning and second, looking at 
how the subsequent quarters are going to be, it will be good to kind of get this kind of adjusted 
EBITDA numbers. And this is with the same policy that will continue for some time to come 
without changing this. That was the idea. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next text question from Veerendra Chava from Aurum. And the 
question is, when will be the final call PP shares? 
Kunal Karan: 
So we have just completed one call of INR 30. So the shares are now INR 20 plus INR 30 paid 
up by INR 50. There will be another call of INR 30 that we are planning to do in the Q4 of FY 
of this year. So probably next 6 months to 9 months based on the current requirement. But we 
can always do it later or earlier. 
 
But the fact is that the Company doesn't require these monies until then. And in our experiences, 
we saw that when we did the last call, which was around INR130 crores, we got INR121 crores 
of that within the prescribed window. And the INR 7 crores that we have not received is because 
some people were traveling and things like that. So we don't need this capital now, as of now we 
feel that we will be intent to call the INR 30 in the Q4 of this year. 
Moderator: 
And also Mr. Veerendra Chava also available on the audio. I'll just promote him. Mr. Chava, 
can you please proceed? 
Veerendra Chava: 
So just want to check apart from this question. I just want to see how aggressive we are in the 
sales and the marketing? Because when we see online or news, nowhere we are seeing is like 
advertisement related to NestAway or any other products. So just want to check how 
aggressively we are moving in this real estate and the rental business? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you, Mr. Veerendra Chava for the follow-up question. Just to give you a quick sense from 
an operational standpoint, we will have a substantial effort going into marketing and sales, where 
close to around 300 odd individuals or colleagues are deployed in the marketing and sales effort. 
 
Our marketing is more on the targeted side where we use a lot of data analytics to reach out to 
the consumers directly, digitally. And that is where we go on to acquire the consumers more 
smartly and more from a platform. Additionally, NestAway in the recent quarter has done 
substantial rebranding effort. 
 
We have started the rebranding effort and initiative in Bangalore where we went on to relaunch 
the NestAway brand after post acquisitions. This was the first event therefore that we went on 
to, and we did a substantial amount of billboards. We did a substantial amount of direct targeting 
and that has started paying us a good amount of traction in the total uptake in tenants coming 
and visiting NestAway properties. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
We will start launching the brand activity city-by-city once we get control of certain locations 
and go on to extend our marketing efforts. One thing that we would definitely want to sort of 
underline here, NestAway, as a brand, pre-acquisition had already spent around INR 450 odd 
crores on branding and marketing, where NestAway, as a rental marketplace, was established in 
the market. 
 
And it does remain in the top 5 rental property brands in the country and definitely in one of the 
largest rental marketplace in the country. Our efforts are, I would say, focused more on the 
recalibration of this brand and bettering the consumer experience of renting and booking 
properties on NestAway. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Just wanted the breakup of revenues please for HelloWorld, NestAway and other segments? 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Pranav, for the question. So our revenue breakup remains consistent between these 
three cohorts. We have got close to 60% of our revenue from the rental cohort and that comprises 
of NestAway that comprises of HelloWorld business. In terms of quantum, the revenue will 
consistently remain at around 60% going into the further quarters. 
 
The second largest cohort for us in terms of revenue and operations is the distribution cohort 
where we have garnered close to 30%, 35% of the revenue. And this comprises of our data 
analytics business, this comprises of our marketing and sales automation business. The third 
cohort, which is the capital cohort, which is still getting the scale that we would want ideally to 
reach is contributing close to 5% to 10% kind of revenue. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Just one question on some of the news articles I've had come across, just with regarding 
HelloWorld. And one of our key markets, that is Kota HelloWorld so. Agreed the NEET exam 
cancellation and because of that and the deferment, there has been an impact on demand for 
hostels and then maybe to that extent, Co-living segment. So do we expect any impact on that 
for our segment? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Sure, Pranav. This is Hiren here. You're right. I think specific to the city of Kota, there is a mild 
impact, given the couple of trends that you mentioned. Having said that, does it have an impact 
on the overall student living? We are not seeing that as yet. One, because there is going to be a 
continuum. 
 
Yes, there is going to be a delay in the demand. But we remain positive that the enrollments will 
happen. We remain positive that there will be fresh batch of students coming, may be delayed 
by a month or so. Yes, that delays our revenue planning to some extent. Having said that, our 
dependency on the student living is and that too within HelloWorld, is less than roughly maybe 
25%-odd of the overall revenue, right? So there is also professional -- young professionals 
working in the co-living segment, right? That's also. 
Onkar Shetye: 
To add to Mr. Hiren, quickly, just to give you a scale of the student housing segment in India or 
higher education in urban areas in the country, of which 80 lakhs students are non-domicile 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
students, meaning students who are migrating to a non-domicile city for study. And of that, 60 
lakh students live in non-captive or non-campus rental housing, typically in PG and rented 
housing. 
 
And this is the larger cohort that we are addressing to top cities by demand is Bangalore, Pune, 
Chennai, Kota, NCR. So the NEET specific challenge that we are facing, that, that the industry 
is facing right now is limited to only that cohort of students where the opportunity size still 
remains larger. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next text question from Vamshi K from Cliq Ventures. And the question is what 
would be the target EBITDA margin for FY'25? 
Kunal Karan: 
Yes, go to the EBITDA numbers slide. Vamshi, I think, the way you look at this, and I try to 
address it in my early discussion as well, that we have improved EBITDA  improved the adjusted 
EBITDA and improved PBT, which, as you can see, the slide, which is visible in the slide as 
well. 
 
Our idea is that if we are able to retain the similar sort of ratios for the next 3 quarters, then we 
would have exceeded our internal expectations. And that is what we are targeting. That is what 
we are kind of aiming at without giving you more than what I can give you this indication for 
sure. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Faisal Hawa from H.G Hawa and Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, can you just give an idea as to what are the key focus areas of the top management of 
NestAway at this point of time? How you have determined their salaries and compensations? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So at NestAway or not just NestAway, but with respect to the entire leadership team that runs 
our businesses, we have done four segmentations of their compensation. The first segmentation 
is, of course, the in a way takes care of their remuneration. The second is linked  is a variable 
pay, which is linked to the AOP or the annual operating plan. 
 
And then the third and fourth cohort is a time linked and a value linked, I would say, 
remuneration. The timing remuneration is given in form of ESOPs at Aurum profit, that invest 
in over the course of 4 years that ties them to the business and then also, in a way, make sure 
that they are also operating in confidence with the PropTech ecosystem, delivering consorted 
results. 
 
The value linked, I would say, for a lack of better word, remuneration is linked to the ESOP that 
we carry at the individual business that we are doing, which is in the ESOP cohort, which links 
them that to the value that we can create at the business they are running. So with these four 
levers of remuneration, we are able to innovate, make sure that their, I would say, energies are 
focused on delivering value and also our consolidated targets on PropTech. 
 
Our founders move also directly into the payroll at NestAway. So if you specifically talk about 
the NestAway leadership team, they are getting compensated directly from the NestAway 
business. In fact, both the founders, co-founders, Jitendra Jagadev and Ismail Khan, both are 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
running the NestAway and HelloWorld business combined together, from the NestAway 
payroll. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So without naming the competitors, there are one of the competitors which are now going based 
on advertising, and we did notice that in the World Cup also. And this could cause us to probably 
up our spending also. So within your Board of Directors, what is the thinking? Do we want to 
do such a thing and burn cash and really upset our -- growing the EBITDA plans or will we not 
do that? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So marketing and advertising expenditure is a segment where we don't like to compete when 
there's a competition for expenditure for two reasons. One is that if a competitor is spending on 
lead gen  lead gen, why do we have to sort of spend on brand and marketing for each. We would 
rather do a repurchase from that platform and then make sure that our CAC is under control. 
 
The second reason for this is that our data analytics team practices very strong in doing targeted 
marketing. So we are not required to do, I would say, a carpet bonding exercise for our 
advertising expenditures like a competitor would do. Our advertisements directly reach to our 
consumers on the platform that they are used to and conveniently looking for. 
 
So for example, a late millennial consumer will be targeted on the Times of India app and the 
Gen Z consumer will be targeted on its Instagram handle. And that is how we do, that's targeted 
delivery through our analytics platform. 
Ashish Deora: 
Just to add to what Onkar just said. Also, as a philosophy, we believe more in the product than 
in promotion. So if you see most of our initiatives, they are product-centric and not promotion 
centric. Having said that, we all understand that running digital B2B products, B2C products 
require their own marketing capacities and sales and marketing costs, which we incur, but it will 
always be lesser than our competition as a percentage. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And if you could give us some fling into the future like 5 years, 6 years down the line, how do 
you think the value will be finally created for the shareholders? Do you feel that, all these 
companies will finally be demerged when they are of good size or will we utilize cash flows 
from these companies to further beef up the companies, which are needing the cash, like the 
model that's probably who are in buffet or even the frameworks I have? Because stock market 
does get confused in companies and all, there are too many subsidiaries. 
Ashish Deora: 
You are right, and we are cognizant of that for sure. As a direction, I can tell you that we are 
moving towards INR1,000 crores revenue, two doing it profitably, three integrating it with data 
coming from various businesses creating a DaaS platform, data-as-a-service platform for our 
own internal requirements. So that all data is at one place. 
 
And you will, over the next couple of quarters, see that how some of the other businesses are 
getting restructured to one, had better business efficiencies and hopefully, that will also turn into 
value creation for the stock market, as you said. Having said that, as of now, the focus is to 
quarter-on-quarter improves the financial metrics and increase the revenue. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
That itself is pretty challenging because as you know, that if we kind of want to continue to grow 
in a market where everybody else is losing money, it becomes a bit of a challenge. But I think 
we are dealing with that well. We want to continue to focus on that. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So you mean to say that, there could be some value creation in the next 2 quarters to 3 quarters 
itself in one or two other companies? 
Ashish Deora: 
Well, we do understand the value creation aspect, right? Not from a stock market point of view 
per se it could be, but we do understand. And in our real estate business, we did create value by 
selling two buildings to capital and in the last 2 years or 3 years. Because that happened over the 
weekend and that means is in public domain today, I can talk about it. 
 
We did monetize our buildings worth INR1,000 crores from capital, right? That has happened 
in the real estate. So, it doesn't directly impact open. So as a company, as management, we do 
understand the value creation piece. And I think, in a directional level we are there as of today. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Just two compliments by leaving. This new way of this con call has been done with the 
presentation and all, is a very good step. And second is that this is only probably the third or the 
fourth time that a CEO has revealed the KRAs of his top management, at absolutely the first 
question itself and without any kind of trying to say yes or no about it. So good going because 
basically, it empowered your people to answer to each and every question that investors have. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from Ramesh Shah. This would be a text question, and he's an 
Independent Investor. And the question is, we see that the company has begun capitalizing the 
product development cost. Can you throw more light on what we are capitalizing? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Thank you, Ramesh, for the questions. Hiren here. Let me try to answer that. As you know, we 
are a PropTech company. All our businesses are run at the back of certain tech products. Onkar 
has already thrown light on what we are building. Some of them are software, some of them are 
platforms, some of them are customer-facing or investor portals. 
 
All these products and platforms have a long-term economic impact, right? So which is in the 
form of either revenue or also in the form of efficiency improvements. I believe the logic and 
merit of capitalizing such cost is well understood and hence, I will not delve into that per se.  
At Aurum PropTech, we were actually in an acquisition mode or spree till beginning of 
FY'24.And for every company, we used to spend a couple of quarters to onboard them after the 
closure has been done. And when they were in their more nascent forms, the product 
development efforts were far more experimental in nature than they are as of now in the sense 
that all these businesses are far more mature in terms of their market business. 
 
And then, as part of our onboarding process itself and later on in FY'24 as part of our 3 year 
strategic planning also, we began to assess and plan for our consolidated product and tech 
capabilities. So we documented and started tracking our product roadmaps. And by the way, all 
these efforts also added or had the added benefit of helping us to drive cost optimization in this 
bucket. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
So expectedly, there were several products from the invested companies or businesses, that have 
a long-term top line or a bottom line impact on the P&L. And so we have capitalized some of 
these products, and we have actually also listed some of these products in our investor 
presentation. So I'll encourage you to have look at those. 
 
Now we already had a capitalization policy. And we have been capitalizing some of our costs 
that were from the products that are getting built in-house under our own, under Aurum 
PropTech itself. Now in FY'24, after we did this entire consolidation, the strategic planning and 
the product roadmap planning, et cetera, we started capitalizing some of these costs from the 
partner companies also. 
 
So we created a bottom-up list of all these products. We put on the criteria from the policy - 
which products are technically feasible, what are the costs which are identifiable, measurable 
and also attributable to these particular products. And also which definitely have a defined 
economic value or an economic impact over the future quarters and years, more importantly 
years. 
 
So from a numbers point of view, in Q1 FY'25, we capitalized around INR2.8 crores, which is 
roughly half of the expenditure that we incur on our tech teams, right, and 3% of the overall 
expenditure. Like-to-like in the entire FY'24, we had capitalized somewhere close to INR13 
crores which was, I think, 4% of our total expenditure. And then, on an average, these products 
should be depreciated over the next 2 years to 3 years. That's the plan. 
 
I'd also like to add that generally, while we were doing this exercise, we were also benchmarking 
ourselves in terms of our cost structure with tech companies in a similar scale. And there also 
we observed that most of these companies have around 35% to 45% of their tech expenditure 
going towards product development. 
 
There is, depending on the maturity again, 15% to 20% of the expenditure going towards R&D. 
And the remaining is upgrades, maintenance. So I think we were quite content to realize that at 
this stage, our breakup of the expenditure is also in line with the benchmarks of the best-in-class 
companies that we see. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a text question from Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. And the 
question is, he needs to know the outlook for FY'25 in terms of top line. 
Ashish Deora: 
So we'll give you a quick sense of how we have moved in the last financial year. From a revenue 
standpoint, we've grown 68% between FY'23 and FY'24. This quarter, our year-on-year growth 
has been at 47%. And we have targeted ourselves to grow at a 45% year-on-year revenue going 
in the next 3 years. 
 
The North Star for us is to reach INR1,000 crores revenue goal sooner than better, faster than 
better. And we'll keep our efforts on to it. However, our eyes are also always on profitability. 
And we have always pushed our teams to make sure that there's a balanced approach with respect 
to revenue growth and profitability. And that is how we are sort of commencing on to our future 
journey in terms of business expansion. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next text question is from Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. And the question is, 
can you please throw some light on how the revenue and EBITDA will shape up in FY'25 and 
FY'26? 
Onkar Shetye: 
We've just covered this question, Mr. Sen. We've given our outlook of our guidance of 45% Y-
o-Y growth for in terms of revenue. And in our last quarter call, we have also highlighted that 
we would like to keep an eye on profitability, ensuring that we are improving our EBITDA by 
450 bps quarter-on-quarter. 
Ashish Deora: 
Just to add to what Onkar is saying, it's the trade-off again between the revenue growth and 
discipline in profitability that is a discussion on a regular basis at our end, and we are happy to 
kind of discuss this in the next quarterly call very soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Firstly, I would like to appreciate the clarity share on the adjusted EBITDA working and 
the reconciliation table. Because I think sharing adjusted EBITDA that reflects a lower EBITDA 
number than reported EBITDA is an industry-first initiative. Most of the time, adjusted EBITDA 
is used to reflect that the EBITDA is better than the reported EBITDA. So I think I appreciate 
the courage behind sharing that. 
 
My question would be like since you gave some idea on potential call for the last tranche on 
partly paid in later part of the year, it would be great if you could share that, is this going toward 
the expanding into current business lines? Or is it going towards newer areas as well, which we 
are not addressing today? 
Ashish Deora: 
Rahul, this is Ashish here. First of all, thank you for the releasing report from your firm in this 
quarter. And we are at Aurum we are thankful and grateful to you. Your question is around the 
use of the investor -- use of the rights proceeds. Is that right? 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. And also towards the potential call which you are about to make, will it be in the same line 
of businesses or potential new areas? 
Ashish Deora: 
So I think with our ecosystem, we have more or less covered all the key value aspects of the real 
estate value chain. So all the capital, the existing or the new capital will go to deepen the 
ecosystem rather than trying to create new businesses around that. I think, the three clusters that 
we have more or less covers the entire real estate value chain that we like to be presented. So 
these funds that are existing and the funds that are raised through rights issue will continue to 
deepen the ecosystem rather than any new business lines around that. 
Rahul Jain: 
And also, could you share the current occupancy on the 30,000-odd units that we have on the 
rental side and also an ideal timeline to achieve the first milestone for 50,000 units? 
Ashish Deora: 
So I got your first question. The second one, I didn't get, which is milestone for? 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. So the 50,000 unit milestone that we mentioned, is there a timeline that we have in our 
mind? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Hiren Ladva: 
So at the moment, from a capacity point of view, we are already at around 30,000, which is 
signed up capacity. And from an occupancy point of view, in the co-living, we are at 77% of the 
units that are there on our platform. It's 77% to 80% is where it keeps on hovering. And then, 
when we track our competition, we are being far more better because we have heard that 60%-
65% is the average for the rest. 
 
So 77% to 80% is what roughly we have seen over the last 2, 3 quarters rather. And from a 
50,000 target point of view, I think we are a little ahead of our plans. We have aimed to reach 
50,000 units capacity by March of 2027, actually, right? But we are ahead much earlier than the 
plan that we have set for ourselves. 
Ashish Deora: 
Also to add to what Hiren is saying, if you take a view that, look, we are putting some growth 
capital behind HelloWorld and NestAway in a more aggressive manner, then we can reach this 
50,000 bed in a much faster manner. But that kind of -- takes the unit economics of those 
particular buildings for a little bit of longer to kind of get the ROI in those. So we take it when 
we hit an inflection point and then we add capacities. That's typically what we have been doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next text question from Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. And 
the question is, would 450 bps improvement in EBITDA would be in adjusted EBITDA terms? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes. So this is Hiren here. As we have shared the table for the last 2 years as well as the current 
quarter, you can see the improvement, both in terms of EBITDA as well as adjusted EBITDA. 
We believe that we'll continue to have improvements in operational performance together, right?  
 So we expect the improvement in the EBITDA and the adjusted EBITDA more or less in the 
same quantum as we have seen, and it's also demonstrated by the past performance, as we have 
shown in the investor presentation, right? 
 
And the reason for this is mainly because the impact of the delta between the EBITDA and the 
adjusted EBITDA is primarily on account of the lease-related expenditure, which for us is 
limited to the co-living business and it will be by the similar growth for both It could be 50 bps 
or so basis points here and there, but more or less should be in line. 
Ashish Deora: 
We are starting to track this for last couple of quarters only. We see our direct correlation, as 
you can see to what Hiren had said that, EBITDA on total income has gone up by 8%, 800 bps. 
And similarly, adjusted EBITDA has gone up 1,000 bps if you look atfrom last year to this 
quarter. So we see a direct correlation in that. We are also tracking it very closely now since we 
have learned to kind of do this. And we see -- we can safely say that it will be 450 bps will be 
transferred to the adjusted EBITDA as well a plus/minus 50 bps as Hiren said. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next text question is from Payal Shah an Individual Investor, and the question 
is how is the journey from a software Majesco company to a property tech company? Is it more 
lucrative than software business? 
Ashish Deora: 
I will request Kunal to take this because Kunal was in Majesco and now 12 years in Aurum. 
First in Majesco, and then Aurum. So I'd like Kunal to take this. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kunal Karan: 
So look, honestly, though both of them are tech companies, but the basic nature of the technology 
is totally different and the market is also totally different. Majesco, it was more an overseas 
market, mostly in U.S., where insurance are a very mature product and  but this PropTech, 
currently, we are mostly in India. 
 
And though we want to venture out of the country, maybe it will take another 2 years for us to 
reach that state. But definitely, it is more lucrative because the competition over there was much 
higher because U.S. is always a very technically matured country to operate and we definitely 
have that advantage in now as a PropTech, because it is a very new thing. So you are very early 
to enter, and we hope that we can take the benefit at Aurum as the PropTech journey continues. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Also just to add to it from like-to-like comparison, the India insurance market by 2030 is to be 
$250-odd billion market. Whereas the real estate as a market is posed to be a $1 trillion market, 
of which PropTech will be at $100 billion. If we see InsureTech, the market is largely contested. 
 
It's a mature space with a diamond dozen players wanting to attract the same time. Whereas 
PropTech business is a larger opportunity where there's limited players who understand this 
space as well as us. And also it goes beyond just an enterprise business model that Majesco used 
to run its earlier part. 
 
Our business model covers not just enterprise tech in our distribution vertical, but also consumer 
tech in form of our rental cohort, and that gives us a larger value creation piece across the 
PropTech canvas. So yes, it is a better – for us it is a better and natural alignment to our existing 
sort of skillsets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next text question is from Reuben Mathews from Equity Intelligence. And the 
question is, great presentation. The restructuring of business mentioned earlier in the call for 
creating value, will it be in the distribution vertical? Also, will we see segmental breakup in the 
future as rental distribution and capital? Or will it continue to be RAS and SaaS? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you, Mr. Matthews for the compliment on the presentation. The restructuring of business 
that we mentioned about is targeted to be in the distribution vertical. We believe that we are in 
a pole position. We are in our pivotal position in rental space already, that has taken us 4, 6 
quarters to do that. 
 
And now we believe that we are ready to take the rental – in the distribution vertical and more 
deeper, into that to see how we can improve our market share in that. So that's definitely the 
idea. The RaaS and SaaS as a term, we have been using RaaS and SaaS when we started thinking 
about the real estate the PropTech business. Some of our presentations were around that. 
 
Then from there, we move to start thinking the business from our tech capital and services, which 
I thought was our next level of evolution. And now we feel that if you look at the ecosystem and 
put it into different value aspects, different value chain, then rental, distribution and capital are 
the three segmental pickup, which kind of match us very well and makes us a unique ecosystem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Ms. Sonia for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
July 22, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sonia Jain: 
Thank you, Michelle. Thank you, everyone, who participated today. We truly appreciate your 
continued interest in Aurum PropTech, and we look forward to having you all in the next call 
again. Have a good evening ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aurum PropTech 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may exit the 
meeting now. Thank you. 
 
