 
 
 
August 17, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 502219 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BORORENEW 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
Please find enclosed transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and 
Analysts held on Tuesday, August 13, 2024. 
You are requested to take the same on records. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
 
Ravi Vaishnav 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. ACS 34607 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
Ravi Motilal 
Vaishnav
Digitally signed by 
Ravi Motilal Vaishnav 
Date: 2024.08.17 
16:26:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited Q1 FY 2025 Post-Results 
Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP K. KHERUKA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. SUNIL ROONGTA –WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CFO 
MR. BALESH TALAPADY – VICE PRESIDENT (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS)  
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Borosil Renewables Limited Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Axis Capital Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and 
then "0" on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gheewala from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Thank you, Dovin. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I am pleased to welcome 
you all for the Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Borosil Renewables Limited. 
We have with us the Management Team represented by Mr. P.K. Kheruka – Executive Chairman; 
Mr. Ashok Jain – Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sunil Roongta – Whole-Time Director and Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Balesh Talapady – VP (Investor Relations). 
We thank the Management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. We will begin with the 
“Opening Remarks” from the Management, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
Thank you. This is Pradeep Kheruka. Good afternoon and welcome to the Borosil Renewables 1st 
Quarter of Financial Year ‘25 Investor Calls. 
The Board of Borosil Renewables on 12th August approved the Company's financial results for 
the 1st Quarter of the current Financial Year. Our Results and an updated Presentation have been 
sent to the stock exchanges and have also been uploaded on the Company's website. 
We will discuss the operations of Borosil Renewables on a standalone basis as well as on a 
consolidated basis. I will also provide you with some highlights of the operations in our overseas 
subsidiaries.  
 
Overall, the Company's performance shows distinct improvement as compared to the previous 
quarter. Of course, the operating results of the same quarter last year were much better considering 
the much higher selling prices prevailing there. The net revenue during the quarter under review 
was higher by 6% compared to the preceding quarter, led by a quantitative increase by 2% and a 
higher selling price. Average ex-factory selling prices during the quarter rose to Rs. 105.5 per 
millimeter per square meter as compared to Rs. 99.6 in the preceding quarter, which is an increase 
of 6%. A sharp increase in ocean freight had been the reason for the increase in import landed 
prices, which allowed us in turn to have a more remunerative selling price. 
 
During the 1st Quarter of the current year, the sales volumes of the Company rose by 23% 
quantitatively, over the corresponding quarter in the previous year. However, the significantly 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
lower selling prices meant that the rise in net revenue from operations was just 2%. Average ex-
factory selling prices during the quarter, despite showing a recovery, were lower by 17.9% as 
compared to Rs. 128 during the corresponding quarter. Export sales during the 1st Quarter of the 
current year, including to customers in SEZ, stood at Rs. 22.42 crores comprising 9.3% of the 
turnover as against Rs. 13.55 crores in the preceding quarter when it comprised 6% of the turnover. 
Exports stood at Rs. 72.13 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. There's a demand 
slowdown in export markets around Europe for the past two, three quarters, although the exports 
were higher compared to the previous quarter.  
 
During the quarter under review, the Company earned an EBITDA of Rs. 29.71 crores, 
corresponding to an improved margin of 12.3% as compared to the margin of 5.8% in the preceding 
quarter. This flow from better selling prices has also higher production efficiency. The margin 
during the corresponding quarter last year had been 28-point percent due to the higher selling 
prices than prevailing. The Company's post-tax loss declined to Rs. 3.64 crores for the quarter 
under review against the post-tax loss of Rs. 13.37 crores in the preceding quarter, which is 
attributable to an improvement in selling prices and production efficiencies.  
 
I am happy to share that the long-drawn saga to end the ill-conceived exemption from payment of 
basic customs duty on imports of solar tempered glass has finally yielded a positive outcome. The 
exemption ends on 30th September 2024, and a duty at a reduced rate of 10% will come into effect, 
although the duty in tariff was 15%.  
 
The investigation by DGTR into our applications for imposition of an anti-dumping duty on 
imports from China and Vietnam, and a countervailing duty against imports from Vietnam is 
making progress. We expect a decision and issuance of preliminary findings in the next few 
months. Meanwhile, Chinese exporters have dropped their prices even further in their continued 
relentless dumping. For the domestic solar glass producers, getting ADD, CVD remains extremely 
important to assure industrial expansion.  
 
Government tenders for certain requirements mandate use of only domestically made solar cells 
and the modules. We are now petitioning the government to additionally mandate the use of other 
domestically made ancillaries, including solar glass in such tenders. This will help create a robust 
local supply chain and increase the use of domestically produced ancillaries.  
 
The pace of solar installations in the country is making rapid progress and there is a sizable demand 
visibility. Manufacturing capacity for solar modules has already touched 65 gigawatts, which is 
expected to cross 100 gigawatts in two to three years. Use of locally produced modules has risen 
sharply after the implementation of ALMM mechanism from April 2024, which is leading to 
increased demand for all the components including solar glass.  
 
Coming now to our German operations: 
The European solar module manufacturing industry continues to suffer from unrestrained import 
of Chinese solar modules at dumped prices. This has led to shutdown of production by many of 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
the large players in Germany. The European Union has cleared legislation by member countries to 
incentivize the use of European-made solar modules by allowing tax subsidies and other measures. 
Countries like France, Italy and Austria have already taken steps to incentivize local production, 
but Germany, which is the largest producer, is yet to make an announcement. The Company 
continues to run full production by locating demand from alternate markets, although at lower 
selling prices. Cost optimization efforts are continuing at the plant besides enhancing production 
efficiencies.  
 
Now, I come to the consolidated Results for the Quarter, which include the operations of the 
subsidiaries abroad: 
The overseas subsidiaries, including the step-down subsidiary have generated net standalone 
revenue of Rs. 129.4 crores, and negative EBITDA of Rs. 3.8 crores for the 1st Quarter of the 
current year. The performance shows a marked improvement over the preceding quarter, which 
had a net revenue of only Rs. 55.88 crores and a negative EBITDA of Rs. 33.95 crores. The 
overseas subsidiary was reeling under reduced demand, which led to reduced production and 
consequential losses from the demand slowdown down in Europe. The subsidiaries are making 
efforts to improve operations by making inroads into overseas markets, besides enhancing 
customer outreach in Europe.  
 
The consolidated net revenue for the quarter under review stands at Rs. 370.79 crores, and a 
positive EBITDA of Rs. 25.91 crores as compared to net revenue of Rs. 283.11 crores and negative 
EBITDA of 20.82% in the previous quarter. This shows a significant improvement. The positive 
trends and developments we are experiencing in this quarter on both prices and production 
efficiencies are encouraging, and we feel that the upcoming quarters hold the potential for further 
improvement in the performance. 
 
Looking at, A, expectations of better selling prices enabled by higher landed cost of solar glass in 
the domestic market post imposition of basic customs duty from 1st October, 2024; and B, the 
strong and expanded demand in domestic markets arising from the spurt in domestic 
manufacturing, our positive outlook in the sector has further improved.  
 
We are actively engaged in cutting our cost per unit. To further optimize our cost of power, we 
have finalized an additional 16.5 megawatts solar/wind hybrid power plant which is expected 
commissioning during second quarter of Financial Year ‘26.  
 
Finally, I would like to update you on the proposed rights issue. The Company had on 10th June, 
2024, filed a draft Letter of Offer to SEBI to raise funds up to Rs. 450 crores by rights issue of 
equity shares. The proceeds are proposed to utilize mainly to reduce the debt for the Indian 
operations, as well as at the overseas operating subsidiary. The Company has received in principle 
approvals for rights issue from the BSE Limited and NSE of India. Post receipt of other applicable 
approvals, detailed terms of the rights issue, including but not limited to the issue price rights 
entitlement ratio, record date, timing and terms of payment will be determined by the Board, or its 
duly authorized committee in accordance with the applicable laws. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
With that, I now would like to open the floor to questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. You have the first 
question from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is that after the announcement in the budget, where do you see EBITDA margins 
for Borosil Renewables settling in coming quarters, especially given your commentary that the 
Chinese are also undercutting prices and that has a downward impact even as we speak? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So, it's a moving number as of now because the prices have been changing and the freight 
rates also have been changing. But the impact of basic customs duty would mean that 11% will 
get added to the landed cost of imports, which will allow us to raise our prices of the corresponding 
order. So, we can estimate, based on the current earnings, that the EBITDA margins may settle 
between 20% to 25% post the imposition of basic customs duty, provided there are no any 
significant changes in the Chinese prices or in the freight. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. You said 11% or will it be 10% increase? 
Ashok Jain: 
10% is the basic duty and there is a surcharge of 10% there on, so effectively it becomes 11%. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And are freight rates, seaborne freight rates cooling off now after peaking sometime in the previous 
quarter? 
Ashok Jain: 
So, in the last two months, the freight rates have been high, but offlate the freight rates have 
softened a bit. And whether they will stay at current level or will change further is anybody's guess 
as of now, because the situation is very dynamic. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And where would you peg India's solar glass manufacturing capacity now? Based on what is under 
construction right now, by the end of the fiscal where do you see that capacity going and Borosil 
Renewables share is what we are looking at? 
Ashok Jain: 
So, in India there are four new plants which have started in last one year or so totaling to almost 
1,300 tonnes per day. And Borosil Renewables is at 1,000 tonnes per day. So, total capacity has 
become 2,300 tonnes per day in terms of the domestic production. And very sizeable significant 
imports are also happening at this point in time, because these capacities put together are not 
enough to meet the entire demand. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And what capacity is under construction right now, in case you can provide? 
Ashok Jain: 
So, right now there is nothing significant except for maybe Reliance, which may be under 
construction for their own captive purpose. But generally, for the market offerings, there is no 
further capacity in pipeline, as we speak. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, given the shortfall in domestic manufacturing capacity versus the size of the Indian market 
itself, what are your thoughts in terms of expanding capacity hereon? Or do you think that you will 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
wait for government intervention and imposition of extra duty protection to make it more 
attractive? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
To be honest, the way I am looking at things that we have spent the last year actively following 
with the government and bringing to the notice that in order to have a complete ecosystem, all the 
ancillaries need to be studied and they have to be dealt with so that we are able to retain and grow 
some full manufacturing ecosystem. Going by the speech given by the honorable Finance Minister 
in the Lok Sabha this year, when she took solar glass by name, I hope it seems that our words have 
reached her and she's understood. And putting of the 10% duty is a very welcome step towards the 
fact that this has been recognized. And so, therefore, I see that with continued pushing our agenda 
in the corridors of power, the fact is that the government is definitely very keen to get out of the 
umbrella of China. And so, therefore, generally I see that things should be getting better and better 
as time goes by. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. Just one final question, of India's total solar glass imports, what percentage comes from 
China and what percentage comes from Vietnam and other locations? 
Ashok Jain: 
You mean for the total Indian market? 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes. 
Ashok Jain: 
So, imports are basically, at this point in time, coming largely from China, almost to 85% comes 
from China and only 15% comes from Vietnam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohan from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan: 
Sir, the first question was on the Company that there was just a newly established entity, Solar 
Ancillary Manufacturers Association. So, what was that in regard to? Just a little background on 
that. The second question was, what is India's domestic solar glass consumption against the 2,300 
tonnes per day capacity? Thank you. 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
So, for the first question, about Solar Ancillary Manufacturers Association. See, what we realized, 
people in the solar glass industry, that the focus of the government has so far been on solar cells 
and modules. But there are many other products which you need in order to complete the 
production of a solar module. And if you are still going to be dependent on China for other things, 
then they're just having production of cells may not be sufficient. And so we decided to form an 
association. There are people who are glass makers, people who make encapsulants, people who 
make backsheets, junction boxes, aluminum frames, copper conductors, etc., everybody is a 
member of this association. So, when we go, we go in a comprehensive way because we are 
working for the entire solar component ecosystem. And that is why we made this association, and 
it has been successful. And I think the imposition of the 10% duty is a fallout of the fact that we 
went as an association, and we were able to get it. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Ashok Jain: 
Regarding the share of imports and the domestic producers share, the entire domestic production 
is getting sold as of now, and most of it is getting sold in India. Some exports are there which may 
be about 8% to 10% overall, but sizable imports keep coming to India because the requirement is 
growing very steadily now. With the implementation of ALMM from April '24, the consumption 
has gone up further in terms of solar glass consumption in the module being made. So, imports 
maybe about 55% to 60% of the demand as of now, and domestic maybe about 45% or so. 
Rohan: 
So, what is the Indian demand totally? 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, Indian demand in terms of glass consumption would be about 4,000 tonnes per day, of which 
about 1,600 tonnes may be coming from Indian production. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ketan Jain from Avendus. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Jain: 
Sir, my first question is, what will be the landed cost of China glass prices, what would be the price 
before duty and after duty? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
The landed price of solar glass from China?  
Ketan Jain: 
Yes. 
Ashok Jain: 
Actually the price is changing every day, or every week at least, in terms of the landed cost. But 
what we do is to sell against their landed price and seek some premium over it, which is maybe 
about 3% to 5%. So, you can see that what we realized is about Rs. 105, Rs. 106 on ex-factory 
level. So, you may say import prices may be about Rs. 102.00 or Rs. 100 per mm. 
Ketan Jain: 
Sir, what is your view on the trajectory of solar glass prices from China? How long will they be 
able to dump more? 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
The situation in China today is a little tight, tight from the standpoint that their panels which were 
being sold everywhere, especially in markets like the United States and India, have suffered a very 
sharp decline. And so, therefore, all the components that go into solar gas production, including 
glass, are also facing a great resistance, or there might be not enough market in China. And 
therefore, they are selling to other countries under certain compulsion. Now, maybe that is the 
reason or what, but the prices at which they are selling there is no possibility that they can make 
any money from that. In fact, they would be losing money unless they are being subsidized, which 
is our fear. So, it's very difficult for us to hazard a guess on China and the selling prices, other than 
to say that whatever they are doing is completely unviable. 
Ketan Jain: 
Sir, also you said that EBITDA margin is going to set at around 20%, 25% post custom duties. So, 
what realization I can assume for this, it will be around Rs. 130? 
Ashok Jain: 
See, Rs. 105 is what we have realized in the current quarter on ex-factory basis, and we earned a 
margin of 12%. So, if you were to add another 10%, then that will give you the number. Because 
whatever extra price comes, it gets added to the margin. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Ketan Jain: 
So, around Rs. 125? 
Ashok Jain: 
If you were to do your math correctly, if Rs. 105 is the price, and if you have to increase by 10%, 
it would not be Rs. 125, isn't it? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan: 
Sir, the question was, if a vendor is purchasing solar glass from us for use in domestic modules 
wherein the modules are also sold at a higher price. So, is there a price difference between that 
price and the price at which the imported glass is sold in India? So, how different is that? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, I just said sometime back that whatever the import landed cost is there, basis that we the price 
our material at about 3% to 5% higher, that is the premium you can pay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Santosh, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Santosh: 
This is with regards to German unit, sir, where revenues were Rs. 129 crores and employees also 
were around Rs. 38 crores, that is around 30%. So, how can we reduce this employee benefit 
expenses in German unit, sir? 
Ashok Jain: 
The German cost is higher, as you know the Germany labor cost is higher. But what was happening 
was that the buyers in Germany were able to pay higher price because they were getting higher 
price for their modules. Now that situation has changed because they are not able to run their 
operations at a low price modules coming from China, which is putting pressure on our selling 
prices, which is why the ratio is looking so high in terms of the employee cost. What we are trying 
to do is to rationalize on the workforce, try to cut down on the number of people, and also increase 
productivity. Similarly, we have put in the CAPEX and new equipment there or added more 
machinery which will give us much higher productivity. So, with all those efforts, we will be able 
to cut down per unit cost and impact of the labor cost. 
Santosh: 
Because when we compare with the Indian employee cost and German cost, there is a lot of 
mismatch. Because in India we are paying Rs. 19 crores only, in German we are paying Rs. 37 
crores for turnover of Rs. 129 crores. 
Ashok Jain: 
Your point is absolutely well taken, and this is a situation we have to deal with and we have to 
increase the productivity and production. And it may not come down to Indian levels, but still we 
will have to see how best we can curtail the cost and increase our selling price.  
Santosh: 
This is same with power also, power expenses in German unit. 
Ashok Jain: 
Power is not so much different in terms of the percentage. 
Santosh: 
It is coming to around 30% only sir, Rs. 37 crores the power expenses there in German unit. 

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So, that is again because we were running the old equipment and all, and now we have put in 
new machinery which will give us almost 25% to 30% reduction in the power consumption per 
unit of production. So, all those efforts are now going to fructify once these machines start 
operating, which has already actually started producing in this month. So, with that you will see 
changes in the further quarters. 
Santosh: 
So, we can expect same revenue in next quarter also from Germany unit, that is around Rs. 129 
crores, or it will be higher or less? 
Ashok Jain: 
It will be in the same ballpark. 
Santosh: 
So, when we can expect the rights issue, sir? 
Ashok Jain: 
The rights issue is subject to the approvals now. We already have the BSE and NSE approvals, 
and the major approval now is SEBI, which is almost on the cards now, anytime we may get it. 
So, once we have this then we will start the process of filing the final Letter of Offer. And I think 
the rights issue should be there in the end of September or beginning of October. 
Santosh: 
So, with regards to this anti-dumping duty, are you following with the government with regard to 
anti-dumping duty? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, we are an applicant for anti-dumping duty and countervailing duty. And the other 
manufacturers are supporting our application, other glass manufacturers. And this application is 
continuously being followed up at the DGTR level. So, hopefully we will have the issuance of 
preliminary findings, provisional findings in the next month or so. 
Santosh: 
Generally how much time it will take sir, one month? 
Ashok Jain: 
One, one and a half month it should take for the process to complete in terms of the provisional 
findings. After that it would take another three, four months to get the final approval. By December 
we will have some final view from them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sunny from IFA. Please go ahead. 
Sunny: 
Sir, I have just one question. What is the CAPEX plan for the future, which is presently on hold? 
Ashok Jain: 
So, Board had in the past approved for expansion by 1,100 tonnes per day, setting up another 
furnace to increase the production, which is currently at 1,000 tonnes per day. But this was put on 
hold because of the change in the economics and the scenario after the removal of anti-dumping 
duty against China. So, with the positive developments happening on the basic customs duty front, 
and once there is some clarity on the anti-dumping duty, we expect the Board to reconsider the 
matter. And once the decision is taken, we will communicate the same to the investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  

 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Pradeep Kheruka: 
If there are no more questions, we can close the call. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we do not have anyone in the queue at the moment, sir. If you would like to proceed with 
closing comments, you can go ahead, sir. 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. Thank you so much all the investors for joining on the call and showing your interest in the 
business of the Company. The management is putting in all the efforts to resume the past glory of 
the Company, which for some quarters has been lost because of the unremunerative selling prices. 
We are actively working on the anti-dumping duty which will provide the required fillip to the 
operations of the Company and visibility of further growth in the business. Thank you so much for 
asking all the questions and see you again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
