Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015 
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com
CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276
Ref: STEX/SECT/2024 
August 09, 2024 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on August 07, 
2024 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated July 24, 2024, towards 
Investor/ Analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your 
records a copy of the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the 
Company on August 07, 2024. 
Kindly take this intimation on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
Encl.: As above. 
Vinaya 
Abhijit Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Vinaya Abhijit Joshi 
Date: 2024.08.09 
17:12:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited Q1 FY24-25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWATH RAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cummins India Limited Q1 FY24-25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
We hope you are all keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the commentary 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwath Ram – Managing Director, Cummins India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Hope all of you are doing well and staying safe and 
healthy. Welcome to the Cummins India Limited Q1 2024-25 Earnings Conference Call. 
My name is Ashwath Ram, and I am the Managing Director of Cummins India Limited. Joining 
me on the call today is Ajay Patil, Chief Financial Officer of Cummins India Limited. Thank 
you all for joining us today. 
We are happy to announce that CIL reported strong results for the quarter driven by stable 
domestic demand while export revenue is at similar levels as the prior quarter. I would now like 
to share the financial results of Q1 FY25. Financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, 
with respect to the same quarter last year, our sales at Rs. 2,262 crores, were higher by 4% 
compared to Rs. 2,175 crore recorded in the same quarter last year. Domestic sales at Rs. 1,873 
crore, were higher by 12%. Exports at Rs. 389 crores were lower by 22%. Profit before tax at 
Rs. 551 crores, was higher by 33% compared to the same quarter last year. 
For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, with respect to the last quarter, our sales at Rs. 2,262 crore 
were almost flat compared to Rs. 2,269 crore recorded in the last quarter. Domestic sales at Rs. 
1,873 crore were lower by 3%. Exports at Rs. 389 crore were higher by 13%. Profit before tax 
at Rs. 551 crore was lower compared to the previous quarter by 21%. 
I would now like to share the segment-wide sales breakup for the quarter ended June 30th, 2024. 
Domestics, power generation domestic sales were Rs. 803 crore, 8% decrease over last year and 
15% decrease over last quarter. Distribution business sales Rs. 651 crore, 22% increase over last 
year and 8% increase over last quarter. Industrial domestic business sales were Rs. 372 crores, 
57% increase over last year and 7% increase over last quarter. 
Exports, high horsepower exports were Rs. 202 crores, 17% decrease over last year and 18% 
increase over last quarter. LHP exports were Rs. 155 crores, 23% decrease over last year and 
9% increase over last quarter. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
As far as the Cummins India financial guidance is concerned regarding the sales outlook for the 
full year 2024-25, we are looking to continue to have double digit growth over the fiscal year 
2023-2024 in line with our ambition to grow at 2x of the GDP. I now open the session for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Mohit Pandey from Macquarie Group, please go ahead. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Sir, my first question is on industrial segments. So, if you could give color on what is driving 
strength for this business, I think second or third quarter of strong numbers there. That would be 
question number one? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think for the quarter, I think it was a perfect storm of all portions of the industrial business 
firing. So, whether it is construction, which was Rs. 134 crores or whether it was rail which was 
Rs. 107 crores or mining which was Rs. 19 crores or compressor which was Rs. 44 crores, marine 
was Rs. 33 crores and everything else. When you added all of that in the total of Rs. 373 crores, 
we saw that pretty much all of the segments were doing well, and I think that is very broadly 
correlated to the fact that infrastructure continues to do well in India and is likely to continue to 
do well for the next few years. 
Mohit Pandey: 
So, do you sense an element of market share gain there because one would have expected during 
the election quarter, software numbers there, so any color there? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's not apparent as of now. If there's been real market share gain, we would get that kind of 
analysis in the near future. But the demand has continued to be strong for our product. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Yes, sir. And secondly, if you could share the breakup of domestic power chain as you usually 
do. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, low horsepower was Rs. 49 crores, mid-range was Rs. 153 crores, heavy duty was Rs. 93 
crores, and high horsepower was Rs. 508 crores. You have to keep in mind that this was a 
transition quarter when the transition happened between CPCB-II and CPCB-IV finally. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Right sir and CPCB-IV would have contributed how much during the quarter broadly? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Close to 5000 sets were sold during the last two quarters. So, roughly I would say that 
somewhere about 30%-40% of the sales in the quarter were with CPCB-IV. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Understood, sir. Last question, if I look at the P&L, the proportion of traded goods has come 
down sharply, the purchase of traded goods. Anything specific to read there? That would be my 
last question. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Ashwath Ram: 
No, nothing, no trend that I can at least see, for that, just probably a slower or different quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My first question is on gross margins. This time you've recorded, I would say, almost 5-year 
kind of high gross margins of 37.8. My question was on, is it largely attributable to the increasing 
mix of CPCB-IV+, Power Gen in the mix? Do you think with the now 1st July kicking in from 
Q2, there could be further tailwinds and margins as we see the mix increasing on CPCB-IV+. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think we have had for the last few quarters almost a perfect storm of capitalizing on the pricing 
increases that we have done. The mix of course with CPCB-IV+, and the fact that commodities 
have helped us, and we have been able to continue the cost reduction game. So, the combination 
of all of those are what is ensuring that gross margin or material margins are at record levels. I 
think as the cycle changes and as commodities start getting more expensive and as competitive 
pricing intensifies, I think there will be some pressure, and I don't think this kind of material 
margin is sustainable indefinitely though it is our attempt to continue to try to get as much out 
of it as we can. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Second question is on CPCB-II and CPCB-IV. In the channel right now, is there still any venture 
on CPCB-II? And going into the coming quarters, do you think that what kind of mix will now 
in the Power Gen move towards CPCB-IV say, more stable life quarters, like two quarters down 
the line? How do you think will that shape up? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, the channel inventory is zero. So, that which is what accounts for as we were draining the 
inventory throughout the previous quarter. So, the transition has happened, and we ended up 
with depleting all the inventory. So, starting from this quarter, it will only be CPCB-IV sales 
that are sold in the month. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, and just one question on this GAIL project, which you had won about 10 megawatt on 
hydrogen sites. My understanding was that part of that will be executed by the rest of the entity 
in India. So, any update there? So, how's the progress on that project? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think the progress is that this is a global project for the GAIL application, the project is also 
being executed. And the distribution business of Cummins India has been awarded the contracts 
to service and support that. So, it's still in the process of being installed. Some portions of it are 
already commissioned and introduced. This is the largest working hydrogen installation in the 
country. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And this is being done in this distribution part is the part of the Indian listed entity, right, which 
is executing this project? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, that's correct. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, and just last thing, sir, I think now you're leaving, so I wish you all the best for your future 
endeavors and look forward to interact with Shweta for Cummins India. Thank you and wish 
you the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital, please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
First question is on exports. If you could highlight on how the export is panning out the 
geographies, which we're kind of seeing slow down. What is the trend there and the mix of the 
products? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so I think last time I indicated that the markets have been slowing for quite a few quarters 
and we thought we had bottomed out and that statement appears to have held true. So, exports 
did grow in this quarter, and we are mainly seeing that increase come from two areas, Middle 
East has recovered quite well, and Africa is starting to recover. The rest of them are either flat 
to where they were bottomed out and Europe actually also is pretty flat to where it was in the 
previous quarter. 
Amit Anwani: 
And second is are we largely sticking to the guidance of 2x of GDP, topline growth, and any 
incremental thing you would like to highlight on the outlook on the growing sectors that would 
help? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so we continue to maintain the guidance of our ambition to grow at a minimum of 2x of the 
GDP, which in this year at a 6.5 to 7 is somewhere between 13% to 14% is what we think we 
should be able to grow. Our internal aspirations, of course, are to do much better than that. So, 
that's what we are all working on. We have also had this ambition of growing profitably. So, we 
continue to focus on all aspects relating to profitability. So, not have growth just for the sake of 
growth but continue to do it with healthy profits. And we have been ahead of the curve as far as 
profits is concerned, so we could see some pressure over there. But overall, all the plants are 
linked to the growth of the GDP of the country because most of the products that come in sales 
go into the infrastructure segment. And as the country continues to grow and infrastructure 
spending continues to happen, we will see strong growth, especially out of India. And as far as 
the global markets are concerned, they are undergoing some level of slowdowns in different 
segments because of all these different crises, currencies, so many other big nations like China 
are slowing down pretty significantly and not recovering. We think that could take some time to 
recover and we continue to focus on making sure that we are in a strong position to grow there 
once those markets start to recover. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Amit Anwani: 
So, lastly, if I may, the data center contribution in Power Gen and growth. And second, any 
supply chain issues which you feel pose any risk currently in meeting deliveries or logistical 
issues in that aspect? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so data center, globally when we look at data centers, data centers contribute to roughly 
around 10% of Cummins’ power generation business. And that similar kind of trend holds true 
in India as well. We have very strong order books there. The heavy data center applications are 
fully booked and are completely supply chain capacity constrained, which means that the very 
largest of sets which are made by Cummins Inc. globally and are not made in India, we are pretty 
much on allocation basis. On all the products which is made in India, we have enough capacity. 
There are some spikes in certain kinds of products where we run into some challenges. But 
overall, I would say, supply chain is well geared up to be able to meet all the demand that we're 
seeing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raja Kumar Vaidyanathan, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Raja K. Vaidyanathan: 
Sir, I have two questions. The first question is, do you see any short-term impact on the unrest 
in Bangladesh? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Nothing that we can see right away, but certainly when there are problems, whatever we are 
exporting out into those regions could see a small setback, but nothing significant because the 
volume of exports that we do into that country is quite minimal. 
Raja K. Vaidyanathan: 
The second question is, compared to the last quarter, the commodity markets have kind of 
softened. So, do you still see that as a challenge in terms of maintaining or improving the margins 
go forward? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think they have been favorable. That's why we continue to have much better material margins. 
The concern is that some commodities like copper and aluminum, which gets used in big parts 
in our gensets, those have continued to increase in price. And so that portion of commodities is 
impacting us negatively. So, we would have gotten even more gains out of material margin had 
the softness in iron, etc., also continued in the other commodities. But it's sort of eating away at 
each other. 
Raja K. Vaidyanathan: 
Okay, so if I can just squeeze in one more question. So, this is a reference to the guidance given 
by your parent. So, they have kind of said that this time the India sales have kind of dropped by 
10% and they also reduced the sales outlook for the India business from the previous quarter 
they gave 9% growth to now they reduced it to 8%, so 100 bps reduction. So, just wanted to 
know is that coming out of the non-Cummins India subsidiaries of Cummins Inc. or is it to do 
with Cummins India? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, it doesn't have anything to do with Cummins India. At Cummins India, we continue to 
guide growth rate of 2x of GDP. So, we continue to aspire to grow at somewhere between 12% 
to 14%. So, some of those comments were also made looking at corrections in other markets, 
including automotive markets and some global slowdowns as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, if I look at for last 12 months, whatever the revenue we generate in Power Genset, which 
are the user industries have contributed that? I mean, any industries wise break up material? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, I would say it's a data center, manufacturing, infrastructure and commercial realty. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Even you said commercial real estate, but even residential real estate is also picking up. So, that 
will also generate volume growth for us going forward? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Absolutely. We have already started to see that happen and that will continue. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And sir, in the best of the time, what was the contribution from this segment to the overall sales, 
maybe previous years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
You're talking about realty? 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Realty, yes, sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's very difficult to say that because the segments grow very relatively and proportional to each 
other and sometimes it's difficult to calculate and just say which segment contributes because 
some segments contribute in terms of horsepower, some segments contribute in terms of volume. 
So, data centers for example, the volume may be very low, but it contributes a lot in terms of 
value. Whereas, realty sometimes is a mixed bag. And there have been years when that's done 
very well, but you sell a lot of gensets, but a lot of low KVA gensets, sometimes it's higher KVA, 
so it's very difficult to get a segment-wise share of what that is when you compare to the history. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, last question from my end. You mentioned that the channel inventory is zero. It means 
CPCB-II engines are not there in the system, right? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. CPCB-II inventory has gone to zero and because CPCB-IV is overlapping and 
ramping up, the overall stock inventory at all our OEMs and dealers is also pretty low, amongst 
the lowest it's been in a couple of years. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So, we will try to fill this in next two, three quarters, right? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thank you for all the guidance you gave us over the last two years and the way company 
performed. The basic question here is there was a lot of fear, and I kept you asking every quarter 
that once this price hike comes in of the CPCB-IV, do you see a cliff fall happening in the 
demand? You started in the opening remarks stating that the demand remains pretty strong. Can 
you throw some light that how you look at this market because the price hike is quite immense 
and we understand in your opening remarks in the previous call that few sectors are firing like 
data centers, real estate as well. But how do you think this price would be taken by channel? I 
am asking a little near term question of July and August when you will be filling up the 
inventory. Is still the volume of the end market is still strong taking into that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, let me try to answer that question by giving you some examples from some other markets. 
India was a power deficient market and has kind of sorted itself out to it is not such a power 
deficient market. And during all of this period, we have continued to grow, and the demand 
continues to increase. Now what happens as a country becomes more affluent and we get used 
to having power working for us 24x7, the lack of power becomes almost unbearable and so even 
though you have more reliable grid power, you still need the backup power. And a big chunk of 
what we sell are all backup gensets. And when you need power, you need power. Then you don't 
ask yourself that did I pay 15% more or 20% more when I bought the genset? You don't ask 
yourself those questions. You need power, you need power. And so that is the way it has been 
around the world that the regulations are driving the cost up because of tighter emissions,, etc., 
And customers really don't care about emissions. They care about overall value. We are trying 
to deliver more value to them by making the products more fuel efficient and more dense, etc., 
So, in an overall scheme of things, the cost of a genset,, etc., is a pretty small percentage of 
capital costs to run infrastructure. So, it doesn't significantly impact purchasing power. That's 
why the demand is not dropping, the demand is strong and overall, since the infrastructure of the 
country is growing, the power demand in the country is growing, the affluence of the country is 
growing, everybody wants more power and so demand continues to remain strong despite price 
increases. 
Nitin Arora: 
This is very helpful, Ashwath. Second question, just on the export side, you touched base on 
that, that few green shoots are seen, but generally in your sense what kind of inventory levels 
globally are at this point in time? You used to map an inventory at the channel globally. Is that 
something you can talk about? And on the demand side? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's well-stocked. It is a pure demand issue as of now. And we are seeing increased dumping 
from other countries where local demand has fallen off. So, to keep their utilization of factories 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
high, their products are being dumped in export markets in South Asia, in Latin America, in 
Africa. So, there is bound to be more pressure at this time. It's a particular demand constraint, 
not any other channel inventory or any of those kinds of constraints. 
Nitin Arora: 
In your view, it might take one or two quarters more to stabilize that part and then you start 
seeing growth because your base is quite weak over the last three quarters. When I look at last 
year base, so you expect some growth to start kicking in or you think still it's two, three quarters? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, like we expected, we already saw that it seems to have bottomed out and we're starting to 
see some growth. How much of it will sustain is difficult and how long it will take because we 
seem to be going from one crisis to another crisis. So, we already see now that Ukraine seems 
to have calmed down a little bit, but the Middle East has hoarded up and now with all of this 
new stuff happening, there is even more crisis. When such things happen, all kinds of slightly 
discretionary spending all comes to a halt and then you only start buying emergency kind of 
things. So, it's very difficult to predict how the cycle is going to turn. We are just trying to be 
ready with more products, more availability, keep continuing to work on our cost base so that 
we can be even more competitive in those markets so that when they do bounce back, we are 
ready. 
Nitin Arora: 
And just last comment of yours on the distribution business. That is something growing very 
well and also contributing to the margins as well. Going forward, how you're looking at this 
business? Does that, the growth eventually comes down now? Because the way you are 
highlighting the things on the power side, ally, then it should be continuing with the growth, 
what it is doing. So, just your one comment on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Distribution has multiple segments where it gets revenue. It gets revenue from service, it gets 
revenue from parts, it gets revenue from selling into certain market segments where the big 
business units don't do. So, we are seeing growth in all of those areas. So, we are seeing as the 
population of product in the field continues and as the infrastructure development continues, so 
if you use equipment more, you need more service, you need more parts. And the second portion 
of that is we have always had very low penetration from a market perspective, and we continue 
to focus on better service, better availability of parts, better quality of parts, all of those are 
leading to growth in that. And we think this is not a three year, five year kind of cycle. We think 
we can sustain this kind of growth for at least a decade. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Raut: 
Hi sir, congratulations for the good set of numbers and wish you all the best for your new role 
as well. My first question is pertaining to industrial segment. I think even though we have seen 
contraction in railway business largely because of Indian Railways initiative towards railway 
electrification, but I think we have surprise on three lines of business within industrial, especially 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
on the marine side, defence side and on construction side. And during the annual report as well, 
you are mentioning about some of these larger defence cater in terms of defence business, for 
example, Zorawar tank and ship building businesses as well. So, can you please qualitatively 
give us a trajectory in terms of outlook for these three segments within industrial? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so construction is directly related to infrastructure. This is where we supply engines into all 
the earth-moving equipment, which are on the road, typically. And that is, I think, in a multi-
year boom cycle, especially if the country is going to grow at the rate at which the government 
wants it to grow. So, anywhere you build a road, you build a building, you build a dam, you 
build a port, you build an airport, any infrastructure activity requires earth-moving equipment 
and all of those, a big chunk of those use our product and so that's why that's doing so well and 
it will continue to do well. The next segment is rail. Like I said, the big chunk of slowdown for 
Cummins in that business was the migration of a big chunk of the diesel driven locomotives, 
etc., going into electrification and as I have said in the past, we continue to invest in the 
electrification cycle also. We think it's a tremendous growth opportunity coming up. We have 
now got product which is now certified and approved and it is now doing test trial runs in rail. 
And we also saw a lot of demand for DETC full scope kind of orders, even with existing diesel. 
So, that's why this quarter was so good with rail. And we think the future for rail is also very 
optimistic because we have such small presence in the electrification that as our products become 
successful, I think the opportunity is significant for us. The third of course is mining. As the 
economy continues to grow, we need more steel, we need more coal, we need more aluminum, 
we need everything. And mining will continue to boom, and that's doing reasonably well. And 
compressors is a cyclical market, but compressors also, as the economy does well and the 
infrastructure does well, you need more compressors, so we do well there. And marine is a lot 
related to fishing, trawlers, and defence, and those kinds of products. And there is record 
spending happening there. Of course, it's a very lumpy business because the gestation time for 
building ships, etc., is long. So, it's not as predictable as some of the other businesses. And the 
same goes for defence. We have great products, great partners, great customers, but the gestation 
period of those products is anywhere from 3 years to 10 years. And so, it's very difficult to 
predict when exactly those will get translated into revenue and profitability. So, that's what, but 
overall, when you add all of those things together, there is no bad news that we have to share 
because the ambitions of the government are pretty well tied into the products that we have 
produced. 
Umesh Raut: 
My second question is pertaining to distribution segment where you are continuously launching 
new range of service products. So, just wanted to understand how much of contribution you are 
receiving from new range of these launches of products and how you look at this distribution 
business in export markets as well? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, if you look at the last couple of years, we have been growing that business at greater than 
20% CAGR. And like I mentioned, in each of the sub-areas, whether it be parts or service or 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
rebuilding engines, new engines, whole goods, each of those areas we are seeing growth 
happening. And we continue to focus on that. And we think that there is a lot more growth 
available there. I think we are entitled to a lot more growth available there. And that's where the 
focus is. 
Umesh Raut: 
Sir, last question more on the bookkeeping side. You said HHP power generation on domestic 
side was closer to 500 crore plus, but how much of that was related to less than 800 kV where 
CPCB-IV+ products are getting applicable? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We track it as greater than 500 kVA. In the CPCB 4+, actually I don't have that information in 
front of me, so I don't have a good answer, but we will see it very soon CPCB-IV is starting to 
ramp up very strongly. It will start getting much clearer in the next couple of quarters. 
Umesh Raut: 
But is it fair to assume that LHP, MHP plus heavy duty on the domestic power generation side 
would be forming closer to 90% of CPCB-IV+ products? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, that's a very good logical assumption and I think that that is likely to be true. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mayur Patel from 360 ONE Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayur Patel: 
My question is related to the one asked by Nitin. So, Ashwath, in the past we have seen like in 
CPCB-II transition. First good amount of pre-buying happening before the transition and then 
the price hike had some dampening impact on the volumes post implementation and we did see 
some weakening in volumes. But this time around, you are getting for no such major drawdown 
on volumes despite a 35%-40% rise because of changing norms. Just confirming this confidence 
is coming from the current investment cycle in the country and do you have some decent color 
on your pipeline of inquiries, I am not asking for any specific numbers but some qualitative 
comments on that please? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, one is we had a whole year to absorb the pre-buys and all of CPCB-II and 4. So, the market 
is now already, it's not new news that CPCB-IV is happening, and the prices are changing. So, 
the market has had time to absorb, time to use up as many CPCB-IIs as they could. And we now 
find the channel inventory to be very, very low, which means that there aren't any CPCB-II sets 
to sell, and the order books are scaling up and order books are pretty strong. So, we are tending 
to align to the hypothesis that the demand is now agnostic of the price increase that the CPCB-
IV calls for. 
Mayur Patel: 
This is what gives you the confidence despite exports yet to pick up about 12% to 14% growth 
which would mean a slightly higher ask rate for the remaining 9 months. I think the demand 
resilience is what is giving you that comfort. So, understood that. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. The order books are strong and there is no inventory in the pipeline. So, that's what is giving 
me the confidence right now that there is no real, nothing to be concerned about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
I think first one was similar to what Mayur asked. Sir, my second question is on competition. 
What we understand is that we were one of the first ones to actually release nodes of CPCB-In 
the market and that time our pricing power was significantly better than anybody else simply 
because there was nobody else. I understand some of your competition has launched quite a lot 
of nodes in the last couple of quarters. So, can you just talk about whether we are seeing some 
sort of price discovery for the CPCB-IV+ i.e. is that also going to be a factor in the margin 
number you are saying which cannot sustain at these high levels? Is it just commodity or is it 
also that price discovery now amid more supply could drive margins lower? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, always once you start to see what competition is pricing at, we will need to take some 
adjustment actions based on our own, we command a certain premium as compared to 
competition based on the product quality and the robustness and the features that we offer to our 
customers. But one has to look at where the competition comes in bulk production. And then 
there is bound to be some level of readjustment. It doesn't typically happen all across. It happens 
in certain nodes where somebody else has a competitive advantage in terms of scale or 
economies and somebody else doesn't and so the only way to maintain that relative positioning 
is with pricing, but overall, I don't see too much of an impact due to pricing. We are very happy 
with the one year of experience we have had with the products, we think they are absolutely 
super competitive, and we have some relative positioning advantages, and I think we should be 
able to capitalize on that and hold on to the current pricing structure. 
Pulkit Patni: 
So, since I have one more question, maybe I'll just use that. Ashwath, all that you've said on the 
domestic market in terms of a commentary is extremely positive and particularly in light of 
CPCB-IV being fully implemented,, etc., I am just trying to reconcile this with what you have 
put out in your release, where you say we remain cautiously optimistic about the demand holding 
the near term and optimistic about the longer term. So, how come there's a disconnect between 
cautiously optimistic in your commentary in the press release, but your commentary in general 
is pretty optimistic about the domestic market? So, is my understanding a little different on 
interpreting that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
No, not at all. In Tamil, we have a saying that no good deed goes unpunished. So, our own 
relative good performance in the last couple of years makes us slightly cautious about the rate 
of growth that we have been able to achieve in the past versus what we can continue to do in the 
near future. We continue to be extremely optimistic about the growth opportunities when I look 
at a 2-year, 5-year, 10-year kind of window. What we remain cautious about is the short-term 
cyclicality, like the transitions happen in one quarter, the second quarter there's time for the 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
pipeline to fill up and then for people to get moving, etc., All of those are very difficult to predict 
whether you go from a steady state of 100% on one series of products to a steady state 100% on 
the second series of products. There's turbulence during the transition and that is what leads us 
to be slightly cautious about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Thank you for the opportunity and at the outset, congratulations and all the best, Ashwath, for 
your new role. I have a couple of questions pulled out primarily from the annual report. I'll sort 
of try and be brief. Firstly, on the Power Gen site, sir, you spoke about increasing dealer count. 
How much of role did that play in the FY24 sales growth beyond the pre-buy? Was it a material 
thing? And similarly, you spoke about one ICF contract on the distribution side. So, how much 
of sort of contribution on FY25 basis can that one single order sort of move? So, that's the first 
question? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We continuously adding more reserves and certainly that contributes, it's very difficult to say 
exactly how much? That is important, which is why we keep adding more to get better 
penetration and better positioning in the market. So, we will continue to keep doing that. We 
continue to monitor all the dealers. We continue to look at who is performing well and who is 
not. And then appropriate actions are taken by the finding better people or looking at different 
ways by which those dealers can be more successful. And as far as some of these orders are 
concerned, they are good orders. So, I wouldn't say any one order very significantly changes all 
the results for the company, but it all adds up. It's all like big chunks in a bucket which then 
keeps expanding. So, I would say it's positive. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
The second question was, in megawatt terms, your sales last year grew almost 40% but in unit 
terms, the increase was just 4% which sort of implies a greater share of higher HP nodes that got 
sold. Was that largely a pre-buy impact or this kind of deviation between the megawatts sold 
versus units is here to stay. And given that within that 26,000 only, 10% were, 2,000 units were 
roughly CPCB-IV+. Could you sort of now talk about as this contribution sort of increases, the 
impact on warranty expenses, royalty and purchase of traded goods? And just wanted to fold 
that into another question or sub-question was, now that you've had some time, what is the 
average price increase in the CPCB-IV+ regime? If you have to just put a very simple average 
or a weighted average number, what is the price increase versus the CPCB-II regime? That's the 
final question. Thank you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I'll answer the last question first. It's anywhere in the range between 15% to 25% is what the 
pricing increases have been. To answer the other question, if you see, historically, we have 
always been the weakest at the lower horsepower ranges. And that's because over the last 15 
years or 20 years, they had turned into commodities. They had become pure mechanical products 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
with not real great differentiation that we could show as compared to competition. And certainly, 
I would say that competition had gained share in some of those segments, and we continued to 
where there was technology, where there was higher durability, reliability requirements, those 
were the high horsepower nodes where we continue to gain share. Why we think CPCB-IV+ is 
a game changer for us is because it forces the market into changing from a commodity player to 
having to invest in technology and then having to service and support greater technology, higher 
warranty cost kind of product which we have done around the world for many years, so it's a 
sweet spot for us. So, in this transition to CPCB-IV+ and higher technology, we hope to not only 
gain in horsepower but to change the cycle in from a volume perspective also. We are trying to 
pursue our ambition to be stronger in the areas where we have been weak in the past and to hold 
on to or improve our position even in the nodes where we have been strong. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
But what does it do as the share of this increases, so on the warranty and royalty because we 
have seen a very sharp decline in royalty or service fees to the parent over the last five years. 
Also, the R&D expenditure of just Rs. 10 crores versus a peak of almost Rs. 190 crores in FY20. 
Is the R&D expenditure while a large part of that is housed in the parent, but how does that 
impact R&D expenditure over the next 2-3 years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We are done with the peak R&D expenditure, so now it's only going to be sustenance and 
improvement kind of expenditure as far as that is concerned. I don't see anything very significant 
from a royalty. It's well in line with what we have publicly stated for quite some time. So, I don't 
see any concern with that. I actually see this as a great opportunity to improve our market 
position and also to leverage all these investments to export some more because we now have 
higher emissions product than what emissions are needed in the rest of the world. So, it actually 
brings us to a level playing field as far as the rest of the world is concerned. It brings us to a 
more competitive position as far as low horsepower is concerned in the local market. So, overall, 
I see more positives than negatives from this transition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take last two questions now from the participants. 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Ashwath, the first question is a little bit more broad-based. Having you been there with the 
company for the last five years, wanted to check with you as like five years back, what were the 
key areas of improvement or concern that you saw in Cummins, which have now kind of become 
better. And as you leave the company at this point of time, which are the key areas of 
improvement that you see your success taking up from here on? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so when I took on the role five years ago, my biggest focus area was to try to align 
everybody that what we had been used to in the past, a growth rate that we had been used to, or 
something, or the cycle we could break. And we could set a very clear vision for the company. 
And then if we all work together focused on the execution of that vision, we could achieve bigger 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
and better things than what had been achieved in the past. And with the support of a very, very 
strong team, we not only created the vision, we were able to execute on that vision of getting 
growth in multiple areas, focusing more on the product, focusing more on execution, focusing 
on a long-term strategy, and then sticking to a plan. I think the last five years have enabled us to 
create a very, very strong platform where this process methodology and this focus has yielded 
good results. And we have used the time to also build a lot of capabilities within the company, 
bring in some very, very smart people who can then take this strategy and drive it into the future. 
So, I feel very good about having had enough time to work with the team, come up with a 
strategy, be able to execute it and then transition it into a mode which can be sustainable in the 
future. 
Aditya Mongia: 
From that 36,000 feet level more near term. I wanted to understand, Ashwath, I think someone 
also kind of pointed out that about 7 gigawatts of capacity were added by the Cummins. Now, 
this appears to be a fairly large number at a country level as compared to whatever capacity 
utilities would be adding at this point of time. And typically, the ratio of what the sector was 
adding from a power gen perspective to what the country was adding. From a utility perspective, 
it was more like 40%-50% has become 80%-90%. I wanted to check from you whether it's a 
sign of maybe power deficit demand, it's a sign of something else. I just wanted to get your sense 
that this is starting to become a very, very high base to kind of grow on from a volumes 
perspective. I understand that emission can boost revenues for the company, but from a 
megawatt volume perspective, are we getting inside a kind of a high base at this point of time? 
Ashwath Ram: 
No, I think we are at an inflection point where I think this kind of growth can sustain for many, 
many years, especially if you see we are just in not even a 4 trillion economy, if it is the ambition 
of our country to become a 7 trillion economy by 2030 and by the 100th anniversary of our 
country to become a $12-$15 trillion kind of economy. I don't see any other option than for us 
to have to grow the requirement of power significantly, have significant more infrastructure in 
the country and all of that in my view is going to lead to significant more demand. So, I am not 
at all concerned about the high base. It actually is significantly smaller than where I think we 
will all be in 10 or 15 years. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. Last question from my side. This is on margins. You've seen enough for the 
competitive intensity in the CPCB-IV transition. Are you getting the sense that when things 
settle given the higher value addition from the company, the CPCB-IV genset can be margin 
accretive for the company over and above whatever the growth happens. 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. We believe that and nothing so far in the last 12 months is telling us any 
difference. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
August 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwath Ram for his closing remarks. Over to you, Mr. 
Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you. Thank you for your active participation and engagement during the call. Cummins 
India believes that domestic demand in various end markets may sustain. While for the export 
segment, growth may gradually recover given the geopolitical uncertainties. We do see quite a 
few challenges, some in supply chain, some in the whole geopolitical situation etc., which we 
continue to work through. We remain cautiously optimistic about the short-term, but quite 
optimistic about medium and long-term outlook. With a strong balance sheet, world-class 
infrastructure on the ground for manufacturing and product development, best-in-class talent, an 
amazing team, we are very confident of sustaining our growth trajectory. I want to thank all of 
you for asking these amazing questions and all the support that you've given this company. With 
this, I close the call. Thank you for your continued trust and confidence in the Cummins brand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cummins India Limited and the leadership team, we would like to 
thank you for joining us and making it an engaging session. We are ending the conference call 
now. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
