 
Corporate and Regd. Office 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
C-28-29, Kissan Bhawan, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi – 110016 
www.awfis.com | Email: info@awfis.com | Phone: 011- 69000657 
 
CIN: U74999DL2014PLC274236 
 
Date: 22/08/2024 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
NSE Scrip Symbol: AWFIS 
BSE Scrip Code: 544181 
 
ISIN: INE108V01019 
ISIN: INE108V01019 
 
 
SUBJECT: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for quarter ended June 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, conducted on 
August 14, 2024. 
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.awfis.com/investorrelations 
 
We request you to kindly take this on your record.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
Amit Kumar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A31237 
Address: C-28 and 29 Kissan Bhawan, Qutub Institutional Area New Delhi 110016 
 
 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 14th August 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT RAMANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AWFIS SPACE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMIT LAKHANI -- DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – AWFIS SPACE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVI DUGAR -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AWFIS SPACE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RUSHAD KAPADIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Awfis Space Solutions Limited Q1 FY25 
earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rushad 
Kapadia from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rushad Kapadia: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 FY25 results 
conference call of Awfis Space Solutions Limited. We have with us from the management Mr. 
Amit Ramani, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sumit Lakhani, Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer, and Mr. Ravi Dugar, Chief Financial Officer. So without further delay, I would now 
like to hand over the call to Mr. Amit Ramani for his opening comments. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Amit Ramani: 
Good morning and a very warm welcome to everyone present on the call. Along with me, I have 
Mr. Sumit Lakhani, our Deputy CEO, Mr. Ravi Dugar, our CFO, and SGA., our Investor 
Relations Advisor. For Q1 results, we have uploaded our presentation on the exchanges and I 
hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. 
Let me start with a brief overview of the business for the quarter. This was a strong quarter for 
our business, community, and the industry. For Q1 FY25, we are delighted to present a strong 
performance across all key metrics and segments of our business. Our reported revenue from 
operations reached INR258 crores, making an impressive 37% year-on-year growth. EBITDA 
stood at INR79 crores, also reflecting a robust growth of 56% year-on-year with an EBITDA 
margin of 30.7%. These results underscore our continued momentum and operational 
excellence. 
In particular, our co-working and allied services segment demonstrated notable progress, 
achieving a growth rate of 33% to reach INR185 crores. This segment continues to be a 
cornerstone of our strategy, driven by growing demand for flexible workplace solutions. Our 
construction and fit-out projects, which encompasses our design and build business, have shown 
remarkable performance with a growth rate of 55%, culminating in a revenue of INR67 crores. 
This segment is gaining significant traction, buoyed by a healthy order pipeline and favourable 
market outlook. 
 
As of June 30th, we proudly surpassed 1 lakh operational seats and expanded our footprint to 
169 operational centers. Awfis operates in 17 cities and 54 micro-markets, encompassing 185 
centers, 112,038 seats, and 5.6 million square feet of chargeable area that are either operational 
or are in the process of being fitted out. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Additionally, we have signed a letter of intent of 15,668 seats and 23 centers, building a robust 
pipeline of 1,27,726 seats across 208 centers. This achievement reflects our successful execution 
of growth strategies and our ability to scale effectively in response to market demand. Both the 
supply and demand side of our business are showing healthy growth. On the supply side, our 
managed aggregation and sourcing models are performing well, while on the demand side, we 
are witnessing increased customer interest across the various sectors. 
 
We will continue to focus on three key areas of business, building an industry-leading capital-
efficient managed aggregation model, expanding in new and existing markets, making strategic 
investments in tier 2 cities, enhancing our product and service offerings. We are seeing healthy 
growth in our design and build business and will continue being a key area of growth for us. Our 
efforts will also be geared towards further widening the range of clients we cater to with 
customized offerings for GCCs, large corporates, and SMEs. 
 
Some other exciting things on the anvil for Awfis include a more enhanced user experience 
incenters and online with mobile app and website revamp, more focus on leadership and talent 
development through learning and development initiatives, improved operational efficiency by 
building a stronger and wider vendor base, leveraging our technological tools, and further 
streamlining allied services operations. The co-working industry stands at an exciting juncture. 
 
The flexible space segment is experiencing rapid expansion with remarkable growth of 17% in 
tier 1 cities and 27% in tier 2 cities. This significant growth reflects a greater integration of 
flexible spaces with the broader commercial office market. In the first half of 2024, the industry 
saw a surge in office space absorption fuelled by continued expansion from global capability 
centers, domestic occupiers, flexible space operators, and firms in BFSI and technology sectors. 
 
With substantial investments flowing into India from multinational corporations and the 
continuous expansion of corporate, SME, and startup ecosystems, we are confident in our ability 
to strengthen our leadership position in the flexible workplace segment. Our customer-centric 
approach, sustainable practices, and commitment to innovation position us for sustained success 
and growth in the evolving market landscape. 
Let me hand over the call to Mr. Sumit Lakhani, our Deputy CEO, to share Q1 FY25 operational 
highlights. 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Good morning, everyone. I would like to share with you the operational highlights of Q1 FY25. 
On the supply side, we are pleased to report the addition of approximately 5,368 seats and nine 
centers during the quarter. In the last 12 months, we have added 30,156 seats and 48 new centers, 
marking the year-on-year growth of 43% and 40% respectively. We have increased our tier 2 
presence by 90%, growing from 10 centers to 19 centers since June 23. 
Out of the new seats added or under-fit out, 79% were under our asset-light managed aggregation 
model, reinforcing our commitment to this effective business model. We continue to maintain a 
strong portfolio of 67% seats under this risk-averse model. As of June 30, 2024, our total 
operational seats stand at 100,398 and we have 169 operational centers. We remain on track with 
our FY26 guidance to add 40,000 seats. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Currently, we have 11,640 seats under fit-out and letter of intent in place for 15,688 additional 
seats, providing us with strong visibility on achieving our growth targets. On the demand side, 
we signed demand contracts for 11,000 new seats in Q1 FY25. Our revenue base continues to 
be highly diversified. 
In terms of occupied seats, approximately 65% of our client base consists of large corporates or 
MNCs, 22% are SMEs, 13% are startups and the remainder are freelancers. In our portfolio, we 
have 36% multi-centre clients. The contribution of 100-plus seat cohorts to our total cohort 
remains robust at 56%, reflecting the increasing confidence of clients in transitioning from 
traditional offices to flexible workspaces. 
 
Our exit month occupancy rate was 71%, indicating strong demand for flexible workspaces, 
aligned with our supply additions. It is important to note that this is a blended occupancy level. 
Occupancy typically increases as new centers mature. For centers older than 12 months, the 
occupancy rate stands at 84%. The total average client tenure in our portfolio is 34 months, with 
a lock-in period of 24 months. For greater than 100-seat cohorts, the average tenure is 46 months, 
with a lock-in tenure of 34 months. 
 
The tenure across portfolio demonstrates a strong long-term client commitment and providing 
us with excellent revenue predictability. During the quarter, we successfully serviced 2,684 
active clients, supported by our extensive network and customer-centric approach. That 
concludes my update. 
 
I will now hand over to Ravi, our CFO, for the financial discussion. 
Ravi Dugar: 
Thanks Sumit. Good morning everyone and a very warm welcome to everyone. Let me give you 
a quick overview on our financial performance. For Q1 FY25, on a reported basis, our 
consolidated operating revenue stood at INR258 crores, which is a growth of 37% on a year-on-
year basis. The operating EBITDA stood at INR79 crores, which is a growth of 56% on a year-
on-year basis. The margins stood at 30.7%. 
This was 28.9% in Q4 of the last fiscal year, 2024, and we have seen an improvement of 1.8% 
quarter-on-quarter. This is broadly in line with our guidance on the operating margins given in 
the last earnings call. Reported PAT stood at INR3 crores, which was a loss of INR8 crores in 
Q1 of last financial year. On the IGAAP equivalent basis, which is adjusted for Ind AS 116 lease 
rentals and IndAS 109 and INDAS 102, our operating revenue stood at INR257 crores, which is 
a growth of 38% year-on-year. 
 
Our operating EBITDA on IGAAP Equivalent basis stood at INR30 crores, which is showing a 
robust growth of 249% year-on-year. Our margins are at 11.5%. IGAAP equivalent depreciation 
stood at INR17 crores, and finance cost for Q1 FY25 is at INR1 crores, which is flat versus Q1 
of FY24. Other income has been adjusted for Ind AS 109, which is arising due to fair valuation 
of security deposits under Ind AS 109. 
 
PAT stood at INR15 crores, which was a loss of INR3 crores in Q1 of last year. On Ind AS basis 
for Q1 of FY25, our cash EBIT is at INR38 crores, which is a growth of 158% year-on-year. 
And this number was INR15 crores in the same period of last year. As of 30th June, our liquidity 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
position stood at a very comfortable INR185 crores. The gross debt at consolidated level stood 
at INR30 crores. 
As a result, our debt-to-equity is INR0.08, which was INR0.20 in Q1 of FY ‘24. And our net 
debt-to-equity stood at negative INR0.41, which was negative INR0.13 in Q1 of last fiscal. We 
see a further decline in our debt-to-equity ratio as our profitability and liquidity situation 
continues to improve. Our ROCE has improved from 43% in FY‘24 to 68% (on an annualised 
basis) for Q1 of the current financial year. 
 
In our business, it is important to measure us on an annualised basis. We say this because there 
could be additions in capacity in specific quarters leading to upfront investments in 
infrastructure, manpower, which may have a short-term impact on markets. As we have 
showcased our occupancy levels trend improving by the end of year end, we expect the margins 
to further improve and get benefits of operating leverage. 
 
That is all from our end. We now open the floor for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Mohit Agarwal from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on 
your margins. In the presentation, you have given the IGAAP equivalent margins of about 11.5% 
for this quarter. Last quarter, you had guided to a full-year improvement of about 1.5 percentage 
points for the full year. Just trying to understand how to see these margins going forward. You 
mentioned in your opening remarks that over the year, this could improve further. 
 
So, some color on should we assume a similar trajectory in terms of margins or we could see a 
gradual improvement for the full year from 11.5? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Hi, Mohit. As you can see, our EBITDA margin has improved from 28.9% to around 30.7%, 
which in itself is a 1.8% improvement quarter-on-quarter. That said, we stick to our guidance of 
1.5% for the year because we will keep on adding new centers and cities to our portfolio. And 
hence, there could be a short-term impact. But however, we continue with our guidance of 1.5% 
for the year as a whole. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay. So, for now, you are basically the Ind AS margins 30.7% and IGAAP equivalent 11.5%. 
You expect this to sustain for the full year? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Yes. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay. The second question is on the pricing environment. We've seen like strong revenue growth 
of 37% year-on-year and also sequentially. A large part of it seems to be from the seat addition, 
right? So, how has been the pricing growth, especially on your old or mature centers? What kind 
of pricing growth have you seen and what is the outlook there? If you could give some color on 
that? 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So, as you can see, we added about 15,000 new seats in Q4 FY24 and about 5,000 seats in Q1 
FY25. So, one, the sale of these new seats added is driving the revenue growth. The occupancy 
rate of 71% was maintained over the larger base of seats and which has also helped us improve 
the margins. Now, the new seats which are being sold are being sold at 3% to 5% year-on-year 
escalation as compared to the earlier seats. 
Similarly, what we see is annual escalation, which in our case ranges from about – on average 
about 5% for smaller cohorts between 5% to 8% and for larger cohorts between 3% to 5% is the 
kind of increase that also starts kicking in. So, this is how the overall seat price escalation 
happens for us. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay, perfect. And last question is on the construction and the fit-out business seems to be doing 
very well. You've mentioned that in your opening comments as well. Can you explain basically 
what is driving the growth? Is it the external clients, which is basically driving this or is it all led 
by the managed aggregation center? So, if you could just give some color on that and also what 
kind of profitability you are seeing in that segment? 
Amit Ramani: 
So, Mohit, clearly, I think the India stack is doing really well, right? Clearly, the commercial 
real estate market is doing well. So, if you look at our business, which is the overall Transform 
business, about 50% comes from our landlords funding our centers, right? And there we are kind 
of in some ways capped out at about 15% gross margin in that segment of the business. If you 
look at the other part, which is obviously continuing to grow. 
And both are growing quite healthy, which is basically our design and build services for third-
party clients that is driven from the global capability centers coming to India, the Indian 
corporate growing, the SME and the startup ecosystem continuing to expand. So, I think all of 
that is coming from that side of the business. 
 
And in that piece of business, the gross margin is between 18% to 20%. So, blended, then we 
arrive at somewhere around 16% to 17% blended margin for the business. Now, as the business 
grows, we believe in that business also, the design and build, which is third-party design and 
build will probably grow a bit faster. 
 
And as a result, we see some margin improvement in that business as well. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay, perfect. Those were my questions. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Trusha from Boring AMC. Please go ahead. 
Trusha: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is related to Awfis transform, the 
construction and fit-out segment. So, I just wanted to understand how do we select projects 
because in the last quarter, we were not profitable in this segment. But ideally, when you select 
the interior or a fit-out project, you will keep your margin and then only if it is viable, will you 
do the project, right? So, just wanted to understand that business mentality? 
Amit Ramani: 
So, I think the business has two parts, as I explained. One is the portion of the business, which 
comes from our current landlords where we are fitting out our centers, these co-working centers. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
In that piece of the business, obviously, we see the margins are fixed in some ways. If we look 
at the other portion of our business, which is essentially the design and build business, there we 
are fairly selective. 
We work with large grade A plus clients, which could be our co-working clients, could not be 
our co-working clients. But we maintain a very strong focus on the quality of the clients in that 
space because we believe that that space has a lot of volume. 
 
But clearly, selection of the right type of clients that we work with is going to be important. In 
terms of the gross margin, at the gross margin level, as I mentioned earlier, we do about 15% to 
16% on the Transform business, which is essentially coming primarily from our landlords, 
giving us the capital to fit-out our centers. And on the other part of the business, ranges between 
18% to 20% at a gross margin level. 
 
So, those are the numbers that we are seeing in that business. 
Trusha: 
Okay. So, at the PBT level or the segmented profit level, it will take some time before it reaches 
a meaningful number, right? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Yes. if you see our segment results on the construction and fit-out projects, our segment results 
have improved  to a INR 0.49 million in the current quarter, from a negative INR 24 million of 
last quarter. 
Trusha: 
Yes. Okay. -- Another thing was, I wanted to understand, so, what is the revenue on a quarterly 
basis, which you are looking at, like, or is it, is it in similar lines to Q1 or if we expect further 
growth, like, how would Q1 reflect the best quarter? 
Amit Ramani: 
So, the overall guidance that we had given was that we will grow from about INR850-odd crores 
that we did for the full fiscal ‘24 by 30%. So, that guidance continues to remain. In terms of the, 
you know, quarter on quarter, I think it will flow in a similar manner, so that the year guidance 
of 30% we are able to meet. 
Trusha: 
Okay. And just a last question, what is the capacity which you are expecting to reach by the year 
end? 
Amit Ramani: 
Yes. So, we had, last earnings call, we had given a capacity addition of 40,000 seats. We had 
ended the year at 95,000 seats. We are looking to add about 40,000 additional to reach 1,35,000 
seats total. As we mentioned in the overall commentary, we currently have , 100,000 seats as 
operational, about 11,500 seats are under fit-out. And we have another 15,500 seats that are 
essentially under LOI. 
 
So, that puts us at a total of about 1,28,000 seats. So, we are fairly moving along well to our 
target of 1,35,000 seats being in the fifth month of the year. 
Trusha: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from HDFC AMC. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Ashish Shah: 
Hi, good morning. So, just one question. Could you give a brief walk down on the cash flow, 
how that would have been for the quarter? If you can maybe start from the operating cash flow, 
capex, and interest expense, etcetera? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Ashish, our cash EBIT is around INR38 crores. If you look at our EBITDA number on the Ind 
AS basis, operating EBITDA number is around INR79 crores. But if you look at our IGAAP 
equivalent number, it is INR30 crores, which is roughly translating into a cash EBIT of around 
INR38 crores, which includes the other income also. The cash EBIT element also has the other 
income included in it. So, that is how the cash flow is. On the capex side, we have done an 
operating cash outflow of around INR35 crores on the capex. 
Ashish Shah: 
Sorry, could you come again? INR35 crores is the capex you are saying you have done? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Yes, the cash flow on account of new capex we have done around INR35 crores. That is on the 
cash flow.  
Ashish Shah: 
Sure. Thank you. Yes, that is all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Rishith Shah from Nuwama Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishith Shah: 
Yes. Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of margins 
that you posted this quarter. The first question was regarding space as overall has been kind of 
seeing more traction on the managed area than the co-working space area. And our competition 
also in a way caters to a cohort of more than 200 to 500 seats. So, our strategy is the same. Can 
you elaborate on the strategy that we have over here? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Yes. See, if you look at the overall demand dynamics in India it is a mix of large corporates, 
SMEs and startups. A large portion of India's demand is less than 100 seats. And we are the 
leading player catering to these smaller seat cohorts. As you mentioned, the most of our 
competition is only focused on larger cohorts. 
 
According to a CBRE report, the demand for flexible workspaces across these sub-500 seat 
cohorts, which is 1 to 50, 51 to 100 and 100 to 500 seats had been growing consistently with a 
CAGR of almost about 30%, 41% and 54% between 2020 and 2022. 
 
Why we get excited about this cohort is because this cohort helps us with better price realization. 
Then we are able to manage it's a manageable churn and it leads to a lower risk. We focus on 
mid-size centers leading to a mix of personalization and operational efficiency. 
 
Smaller seat cohorts generally require very strong operational processes. And we are the only 
player to deliver this capability at a scale. So it's a kind of a moat for us and it's tough for the 
competitors to replicate. We have developed a kind of an extensive network of 169 live centers 
and 1 lakh plus live seats. 36% of the clients have taken seats with us at more than one center. 
So enabling entities to move to a core plus flex strategy. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Secondly, if you see no single center, we are not dependent on any single kind of a center. So 
there's a massive diversity in terms of the number of centers as well. Now, we also focus on the 
managed office business, but we are a bit more selective. 
 
We select customers based on the kind of lock-in tenures they're giving us and the continuity 
with which they do us. If you see, we would have signed up almost about 12 managed office 
centers also since June 23, which enabled large corporates and expanding their office networks. 
Rishith Shah: 
Got it. Thank you so much for the answer. And secondly, we have a target of adding around 
40,000 seats for the financial year of 2025 of which around 5,300 is already done. The remaining 
part, what is the expected capex given the mix of MA as well as SL? What are the capex that we 
expect for the rest of the year? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Sorry, can you repeat the second part of your question? 
Rishith Shah: 
So given the mix of SL and MA, what kind of capex that you envisage for this whole year, for 
the remaining part of the year? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Okay. See, so as we mentioned that the overall guidance for us for the whole year is about 40,000 
odd seats. Second, in terms of the overall portfolio, we continue to intend to maintain 65% to 
68% of MA versus SL mix in the overall, so managed aggregation versus straight-lease mix in 
the overall portfolio for the complete year of FY '25. In Q1, the total capex outflow from a cash 
flow basis had been about Rs. 35 odd crores. And for the full year, also, we expect it to be in a 
similar kind of a range. 
Rishith Shah: 
Got it. Thank you so much for the answer. 
Ravi Dugar: 
So just to clarify, so the annualized number would be obviously 35 multiplied by4. We had given 
a similar guidance on the capex as was last year. So last year was around in INR142 crores. We 
gave a similar guidance on the capex for current year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. Thanks for the opportunity. First question is on coworking and allied segment. If we look 
at our numbers the revenue has grown sequentially but the seed capacity as well has grown 
sequentially, while operating occupancy has remained steady sequentially. If you see the 
reported EBIT, we have seen a slight decline. Can you throw some light on why we saw 
profitability impacting on the sequential basis? 
 
That's one. Second is if you can provide the quarterly rent expense that is the MA share for the 
quarter because that is also another significant line item equivalent to the transform 
subcontracting expense. That would be really helpful to understand how the share of profits are 
building up in the business that will drive the profitability going forward. So these are the two 
questions, and I will follow up with a couple of things as well. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Ravi Dugar: 
Yes. Hi, Chintan. This is Ravi. So on your first question, as you would have seen, our EBITDA 
has grown overall by 1.8%, vs  the last quarter of last year. Now, specific to your question on 
the co-working space the segment results is showing a marginal decline. Now, if you look at our 
numbers, we have added around 20,000 seats in the last six months. 
 
The seats typically get filled up over a period. So we are seeing some impact maybe in the current 
quarter. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks that it has to be seen over a longer period. 
The quarter may not reflect the numbers. So in that sense... 
Chintan Shah: 
Basically, the new seats are eating away the vintage profitability. 
Ravi Dugar: 
It's not eating away. That new seats are getting added. So their impact on the profitability will 
come in the near course of time. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. What I'm trying to understand is whether the MA or profitability or share has started in 
the vintage seats is also impacting that line item or not or the EBIT number or not. Or is it just 
the new seats which is getting added is tracking down the number overall? 
Ravi Dugar: 
So largely, it is because of the 20,000 seats what we've added in the last six months. That has an 
impact on it. So we'll see a positive upside on that as the seats get filled up. 
Chintan Shah: 
Correct. Got it. And second part? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Second part, we continue to maintain our margins on... In fact, we have slightly improved our 
margins on construction business at the gross level. So it was around 15.5%, and now has 
increased to 16% and thereabouts. So there has been an uptick in the margin on the construction 
business. 
Chintan Shah: 
Right. One thing I also wanted to understand is the split between the total seats MA and SL, can 
percolate into the operating seats as well? It will be similar, more or less? 
Amit Ramani: 
So if you've looked at our guidance, we are basically saying that 65% towards managed 
aggregation and 35% towards straight lead. For this quarter, at a center level it was 64-36, MA 
versus SL. But if you look at the seats, it is 67% MA to SL 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. And what is the proportion of the rental expense paid in the other opex numbers, if you 
can share? 
Ravi Dugar: 
The lease payments, which are... 
Chintan Shah: 
The MA share of rent expense? 
Ravi Dugar: 
One second. I'll just give you that. That is around INR26 crores for the quarter. 
Chintan Shah: 
INR26 crores. And what it was last year and last quarter? 
Ravi Dugar: 
In the last year, it was INR84.6 crores. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Full year? 
Ravi Dugar: 
Full year. Yes, FY '24 it was INR84.6 crores. And in the current quarter, which is June 30, 2024 
it is INR26.0 crores.  
Chintan Shah: 
I was asking if you can share quarterly. Now, we are just building up the quarterly numbers. 
Ravi Dugar: 
Yes. One second. I'll just share it. Yes. So last year same quarter was INR25 crores. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. And by when? June last year? 
Ravi Dugar: 
June quarter last year was INR18.67 crores. 
Chintan Shah: 
INR18.67 crores. I'll check back. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bijal Shah from RTL Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Bijal Shah: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is on how do you see the demand at this 
point in time since you are adding 40,000 seats? Do you think that it will be possible to increase 
overall occupancy from say, 471%, which we have seen during the quarter by end of the year by 
a couple of percentage points at the overall level? Or you can see some similar level of 
occupancy or slightly lower? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Yes. Hi. So if you look at in Q1 of FY '25, we signed demand contracts for almost about 11,000 
new seats. So the new seat demand is anyways going strong and much larger than the kind of 
supply we are looking to add for the year. In terms of the way we track the businesses, we are 
very focused in terms of greater than 12-month centre vintage occupancy. So that is closer to 
about 84% right now. 
 
And that is where our endeavour is to keep between 83% to 85% on a consistent basis for centers 
with 12-month vintage. On a blended portfolio level, it generally will vary from about 70% to 
73% on a quarter-on-quarter basis depending on the number of seats which gets added or goes 
live in the overall quarter. So those are the kind of benchmarks we have for the next couple of 
quarters as we are going on a very high-growth trajectory. 
Bijal Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Just a small follow-up on that. When you say you have done 11,000 new seats, so 
how do you calculate the new seat if somebody who is renewing his contract is not counted in 
this 11,000 new seats? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So basically, these are the new bookings which we make in the system. These primarily come 
from a new set of customers around and also factor in the expansions from the existing set of 
customers either in the same centre or in a different centre. As you would see, almost 36% of 
our customers are also multi-centre customers. 
 
So these are primarily the new incremental bookings which are adding to the revenue. Now these 
bookings the seat, the revenue start date could vary from, let us say a week later to almost about, 
let us say, five to six months later. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Bijal Shah: 
Okay. So these are absolutely incremental ones. 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Yes. 
Bijal Shah: 
Yes. Okay. Second question, I mean, just follow up on something else. So can you give us on 
the vintage portfolio on a blended basis, what price increase you actually realised in 1 Q FY '25 
as compared to 1 Q FY '24? Because we understand that you look for some price increase but if 
you can give us an idea of what is the realised price increase on blended portfolio or on the 
vintage portfolio, it will be very useful. 
Sumit Lakhani: 
See, I don't have the exact number but as I mentioned on an average basis around 5% is the kind 
of weighted average price increase which we would have on the overall portfolio from the 
existing set of customers. Now, this price increase generally happens once the contract for that 
set of customers would have completed 12 odd months. So in a single month there could be a 
lot of customers whose contract would be completing 12 months. 
 
So it does not happen from a particular kind of a date. It happens from the date of the contract 
of that customer. And here also, as I mentioned for a smaller cohort, which is generally less than 
100 seater cohort the price increase is escalation is usually about 5% to 8%. And for a larger 
cohort it's about 3% to 5%. That's how the whole blend becomes about 5%. 
Bijal Shah: 
Okay. And when you are managing somebody's office like a very large client with 300 kind of 
seats there also you have this kind of price hikes or where the price hike is in different fashion 
probably more linked to your cost increases? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
No. So generally, it's an industry practice to have a price increase for even a larger cohort, let's 
say, like you mentioned about 300 seats to be in the range of a flat year-on-year escalation 
between 3% to 5%. Broad, you can say for a larger cohort the industry practice is closer to about 
4 odd percent. 
Bijal Shah: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Malhotra from Hemani Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Raj Malhotra: 
So thank you for giving me this opportunity. So I had a question. We are seeing constant increase 
in construction and fit-out business. So what is the major reason behind the same? And what 
kind of revenue can we expect from the same in FY '25? 
Amit Ramani: 
So as we mentioned on the earlier question, a similar question was asked. The clear reason for 
the growth is obviously the India stack is growing, the growth of India. If you look at a subset, 
a large portion of the growth, almost about 35%, 40% comes from the IT sector. And those are 
three components, essentially. One is the global capability centers. Second is the IT offshoring 
business. And then the third piece is India IT offshoring that is growing. 
The corporate growth in India, the startup and SME expansion that is happening. So all of that 
is contributing to the overall growth. Today, if you look at our total co-working business, we 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
have about 2,600 clients that are live with us today. So that clearly gives us an opportunity to 
obviously offer them not just co-working services, but also offer them the design and build 
services. We are obviously very careful on the kind of customers that we are doing, we go after. 
 
So one portion of the business is our client business, which essentially is a landlord business, 
which drives towards our center. This is the capital that our landlord partners are giving towards 
expanding our centers. In addition, the third-party business, we are obviously selective. We have 
also built a strong business development engine. We have a team that is specifically focused on 
expanding the design and build piece. So those are the reasons that we are continuing to expand. 
 
The guidance for the year remains the same. So we had guided about 30% growth on our base 
of INR850 crores for fiscal '24. And the guidance remains the same. 
Raj Malhotra: 
Okay, thank you. Sir, I have another question here. Have we added any specific lines in this 
business or are you willing to add any specific lines in this business? 
Amit Ramani: 
I didn't understand the question. New business line? 
Raj Malhotra: 
No, in this existing business, are there any specific lines you would like to mention? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So I would say this is focused around on commercial interiors. So more around on office spaces. 
If your question is are we going specifically into the design and build of warehouses or labs, the 
current focus for us is more on the office interiors. 
Raj Malhotra:  
Okay, got it. Yes, thanks. That helps me. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Thank you for the follow-up. One question only. On the seat addition guidance of 40,000, we 
added and operated this quarter somewhat around 5,000, 6,000 seats for the quarter. Is it just a 
timing issue? Because the pipeline for the post-June seems pretty strong, but moving from the 
fit-out to operating or from LOI to operating, this quarter seems a little soft in terms of addition, 
net addition. Is it just a timing issue or you are just tracking the demand which is leading to some 
deferment of new addition this quarter? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So it's primarily the timing because it's not going to be a steady quarter-and-quarter linear 
expansion of seats for us. If you look at on a trailing 12-month basis, we have added about 
30,000 plus seats over the last 12 months. It's this particular quarter that the seat addition is 
looking low, but if you look at, we already have about 11,640 seats under fit-out and for almost 
about 15,688 seats, the LOIs are in place. So we feel pretty confident with respect to hitting the 
40,000-seat number. 
Chintan Sheth: 
No, the pipeline post-June seems strong. I'm just looking at this quarter being a little off, so I 
was just thinking whether you are tracking the demand, whether the demand is coming through, 
then you are kind of operating…? 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Sumit Lakhani: 
No, it's not that way. It's not that way. It's primarily around the national course of a center fit-
out getting completed, we're getting a position from the space owner, the certain dependencies 
on the project around completion of the project, so it's more around on that aspect. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay, and second on the transform business, what is the typical cycle of a particular site getting 
from zero day to completion, handing over to the landlord or third party? 
Amit Ramani: 
So that varies on the type of, I mean the size of the center as it goes forward. But typically, I 
would say the cycle starts off with our real estate teams engaging with the landlords that could 
take anywhere between two weeks to let's say six weeks to close the deal itself. And then 
typically once we get the possession, that would take anywhere between 60 to 90 days, 
depending on the size of the center for the fit-out to be completed. 
 
And then obviously the occupancy buildup could be anywhere between three months to 12 
months, depending on the location and the micro market. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay, and last on the, if I look at less than one year tenure, it's around 11% in your pie chart 
presentation. This includes the very short cohort, very short time, short tenured contracts, or this 
is just certain contracts which are coming closer to the 12-month or six-month or three-month 
kind of period, which is leading to that seat, that falling into that pie, that share. Or if you can, 
if you can provide a proportion of smaller contracts in the overall seat occupancy. 
Sumit Lakhani: 
If you look at the tenure bucket, we look at primarily from the seats signed up for the portfolio. 
About 70% of the tenure is where the customers have signed up for more than 24 months. 
Another 21% is where they have signed up between 12 to 23 months and 5% between 6 to 11, 
and 4% for less than five months. 
 
So it's basically 9% of the customers where the tenures are less than 11 months. That's basically 
the use case of the customers. There are customers who would look at, who'd want to either start 
with a bit of a smaller tenure and then grow a bit longer tenures with us, or their original 
requirement is only for a kind of a shorter tenure. 
Chintan Sheth: 
How should we manage churns for those short-tenured customers? Is it alarming or significant 
for us? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So this had been the nature of the business to an extent that over the last couple of years and 
quarters, we have seen the less than 12-month tenure getting reduced significantly. This number 
over the last couple of years would have been much higher for us. In terms of churn, we have 
had a consistent churn management around and it had varied consistently between 1.2% to 1.4%, 
and that we have been very comfortable around. Rather, we think with the behavioral change 
happening within the occupier, the overall lock-in tenures as well as the other tenures across 
every segment of cohort has increased significantly. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Right. And whether we have seen, obviously there will be incidences, but whether we have seen 
churn in the landlord side, because certain centers doesn't perform as per either party's 
expectation and want to move out of it. And how should we manage the customers who will sign 
up for the centers and have to move to some other centers? How do we manage that as well? 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Yes. See, here's our strategy to have mid-size centers and more larger number of mid-size centers 
helps a lot. As I mentioned earlier also, in terms of our own portfolio, it's about a portfolio of 
169 plus centers. So, the dependence on a single center with respect to revenue contribution is 
very, very less. Generally, let's say if there's a churn on the center also, we are able to consolidate 
the occupancy of that center to nearby centers as well. So, we don't end up losing customers. 
 
Rather, we are able to accommodate or bring them to any kind of a newer center in that micro-
market. A lot of micro-markets across India, you would see more than of our centers available. 
Right. 
Chintan Sheth:  
Okay. So, the better strategy is to have at least multiple centers in one micro-market so that 
eventually, at least we have some centers to help the client to get relocated or move to that 
center? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
It's a diversification in terms of number of centers is a big differentiator. So, and there, we 
strongly have a very strong differentiation from the competition as well where they are set up 
very large centers in a single location. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Correct. Correct. I agree. And yes, I think that's all from mine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Good morning, sir. My first question is on this the tenure side only. So, this 30% bucket which 
is less than 24 months, how long does it typically take you to refill it once the tenure is over 
which is less than 24 months, say in 11 months or 15 months? So, what is the gap between trying 
to refill this? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So, I'll explain to you the kind of process we follow with respect to our renewal management. 
We have an in-house digital system which we call as expiry 90 to manage all the renewals. 
Generally, with respect to smaller cohorts, 90 days prior to basically three months prior to a kind 
of a customer lock-in period getting over, our teams have a decent level of probability whether 
the customer will renew or not renew and the engine shows up the kind of predictability around 
on it. 
 
Now, this is that aspect the sales team get a kind of notice that this seat may go vacant. So, they 
already get about 90-day kind of head start. And then with respect to every customer, there's a 
notice period in their contract of ranging from about one to three months. This I'm talking 
specifically about smaller cohorts with them. So, the sales team generally have a head start of 
what you can say three months prior and then a notice period between one to three months to 
sell the seat. So, that gives them a sufficient kind of a time to fill up the seat. 
 
And that's how the overall occupancy management is being done. With respect to larger cohorts, 
so that let's say greater than 100 seats or greater than 200 seats, the general notice period which 
we have for a customer ranges from about three to six months. So, the demand generation teams 
have a much longer kind of a period to generate the demands. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
If you would see basically, the way we have been able to do consistently for centers which have 
greater than 12 months of occupancy, we have been able to maintain occupancy percentages of 
you know, 83% to 85%. So, that demonstrates that within the required kind of timelines, our 
teams are able to fill in these spaces and you know, replace them with a newer customer. We 
also look at churn in an interesting manner. 
 
It's not that a churn is you know, generally bad. For a lot of centers which have become mature 
and let's say are more than 80% plus occupancy, if there is a churn of you know, smaller cohort, 
it also gives an opportunity for our demand teams to fill them with a seat realization which is 
higher than the average for that center and bring up you know, higher price realization for it. So, 
that's how we look at the business. 
Aman Vij: 
And for the tenure which is greater than 24 months, typically how much is the notice period? 
Can the contract still be cancelled within the 24 months also? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
So, no. So, every contract generally has a tenure and has a lock-in tenure and a notice period 
along with it. So, depending on the size of the cohort. So, let's say we talk about a 100 plus seater 
cohort and someone would have given us a tenure of 48 months and their lock-in is about let's 
say 36 months. So, a typical notice period we would have is about 6 months. So, the client is 
locked in for 36 plus 6 months with us. 
 
If they want to terminate the contract before 42 months, they would have to pay us the remaining 
lock-in plus notice period value for that contract. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. And if you can explain the same process for the supply side. So, what is our breakup 
in terms of the supply from our landlords in terms of the tenures? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
Sure. So, we typically sign up you know, tenures with you know, a nine years kind of thing 
which is you know, five years of original tenure and then an extension tenure around. In a 
managed aggregation contract, the lock-in for both the parties between us and the space owner 
is about 60 odd months post which we both have the option to renew the contract. The obligation 
on the space owner is if they ask us to vacate the premises before the tenure, they have heavy 
kind of penalties with respect to the remaining lock-in tenure. 
 
Similarly, with respect to us, we have to pay the written down value of the capex which the 
landlord has invested. I'm talking about you know, our general contracting scenario for managed 
aggregation. In an organic manner, because the space owner has invested capex, so they have a 
natural ability to renew the contract with us. Similarly, on the straight leases, the typical lock-in 
from the space owner side is generally five years and the lock-in from our side is three years. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure. My final question is typically what is the rate of renewal in case of a managed aggregation 
versus a normal straight lease model? My understanding is that in managed aggregation, because 
they put in their own capex initially and it takes them a few years to recoup that, the lock-in, not 
lock-in, but the renewal rate should be much higher. But if you can explain what is the actual 
trend you are seeing in terms of renewal rate after the first amount of lease expires? 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Amit Ramani: 
So, as you rightly pointed out that in the managed aggregation, where the landlord partner has 
put down the capital, obviously, at the renewal point of five years, there is a better, a much higher 
chance because obviously with investing 25-30% more, you can have another five years of 
revenue from that center. So, we typically see very, very high rates of renewal when it comes to 
the managed aggregation centers. Now, on the straight lease side, I think it's two ways. 
 
If we have a, let's say we built out a dedicated center for a client and for that center, at the end 
of that tenure, if the client is not renewing, then to us, we would want to, if it's a dedicated center, 
100% to a client and he's not renewing, then we'll give up that center. But typically, because of 
the sizing of our centers and every center having a large portion of our portfolio, having centers 
where there are multiple clients, we are even in that scenario able to renew the straight lease. 
Obviously, it happens on market dynamics, whatever is the, at that point, the market rentals and 
so on and so forth. 
 
But typically, we would want to renew that as well so that we get about a 10-year tenure in the 
straight lease ones. Very small portions of business where there are dedicated centers, where the 
client is not renewing at the end of it, we would then end up giving up that center. 
Aman Vij: 
So, just to complete this point, can you give some actual range in terms of renewal rate for a 
straight lease and for a managed aggregation as well as this dedicated center straight lease, just 
to give a range? 
Amit Ramani: 
I would not have exact numbers, but I would say in case of managed aggregation, this would be 
somewhere in the 90% plus range. In case of straight lease, this would be probably in the range 
of, I would say, between 80 to 90, somewhere in that range. I don't have the exact number with 
me, but I can get back to you on that. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure. So, this number is still quite high, 80% plus, even if I assume. Is this a normal trend for all 
such large coworking players or is it something we are able to get 80% plus kind of renewal 
rate? 
Sumit Lakhani: 
In terms of the way we have done, even in straight lease centers, actually, the renewal rates are 
much higher. It's primarily our will. If we don't intend to renew, it's when the landlord would 
want us to be out. Think it from a space owner perspective in straight lease. If an occupier gets 
changed for a property, they need to pay two months of property brokerage. Then they need to 
give a bit of a fit-out period to the new occupier. 
 
So, a space owner ends up losing almost about five odd months in a break between two 
occupiers, even if they have a day one demand with it. Now, for us, because in a straight lease, 
we have put our capex. So, there is a kind of a very logical discussion which happens between 
us and the space owner with the guy on the other side going to lose about five odd months if we 
move out and we are ready to pay closer to market rental or the market rental. 
 
So, there is no need for the space owner to vacate the center. So, that's why the renewal rates are 
much higher. So, from the way we look at it, we would want to renew almost every center unless 
and until we have a strong reason with respect to the demand, micro market or any kind of 
operational reason in that particular center to vacate. 

 
 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Aman Vij: 
Thank you for answering the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end 
of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit 
Lakhani, Deputy CEO, for closing comments. 
Sumit Lakhani: 
We thank everyone for joining the call today. We hope we have been able to give you a detailed 
overview of our business and also answer your queries. Should you have further queries or 
clarifications, please feel free to reach out to SGA, our investor relation advisors. Thank you and 
good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
