 
 
 
 
12 September, 2024 
 
To, 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Corporate Relationships Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE: 523792 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE CODE: MAZDA 
 
Sub: Transcript of Group Meeting with Analysts/ Institutional/ Individual Investors 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
Virtual meeting with Analysts/ Institutional/ Individual Investors and Senior Management of the 
Company held on 05th September, 2024 is available on the Company’s website at 
www.mazdalimited.com and attached herewith. 
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Mazda Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nishith Kayasth 
Company Secretary 
 
 Encl: As above 
 
NISHITH 
CHANDRAKA
NT KAYASTH
Digitally signed by NISHITH CHANDRAKANT KAYASTH 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380007, 
l=Ahmadabad, st=Gujarat, street=SUNDARVAN 
SOCIETY,JAWAHARNAGAR, VASNA, Ahmadabad City, 
Gujarat India- 380007- 4, ACHAL APARTMENT, title=6486, 
2.5.4.20=02a2d5e01f9ba0d4e7f745bc0f2a209f867671fb
9c0a6085b7a748e6a1363416, 
serialNumber=227dfbe585136394e82e05a7fb0d37fc167
7c7a3380bee70557163b711b29555, 
email=nishith@mazdalimited.com, cn=NISHITH 
CHANDRAKANT KAYASTH 
Date: 2024.09.12 16:50:46 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
MAZDA LIMITED 
INVESTOR CONFERENCE CALL 
HELD ON 05st SEPTEMBER, 2024  
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Percy Avari- Whole Time Director 
          Mrs. Shanaya Mody Khatua- Whole Time Director 
          Mr. Mohib Khericha- Chairman & Independent Director 
          Mr. Cyrus Bhagwagar- Chief Financial Officer 
        Mr. Nishith Kayasth- Company Secretary & Moderator 
 
 

 
 
 
Presentation Text is attached below as Annexure.  
 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Hello everyone, 
Today, we are Present here for the investor meeƟng. I would like to request Mr. Percy Avari to 
address the Investors. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. Good evening, everyone. Hope you all doing well. My name is Percy Avari. And today I am 
going to speak on behalf of Mazda limited about the company in general. Our prospects for the 
ﬁnancial year 24-25 and feel free to ask quesƟons as and when you want to. So, shall I start? 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Yeah, we are ready. 
Percy Avari 
I’ll brieﬂy walk you through a few key points. First, let’s start with the orders on hand. For domesƟc 
orders, including spares for the vacuum systems, we currently have orders amounƟng to ₹70 Crore. 
Our American partner, Croll-Reynolds, has placed orders totalling ₹ 7 crore with us. In our division 
that sells air polluƟon control equipment, we have orders worth ₹3.5 crores. For our evaporator 
division, which produces mulƟple eﬀect evaporators, we have orders totalling ₹ 34 Crore. 
AddiƟonally, spares for Croll, ALS for air polluƟon equipment, mulƟple eﬀect evaporators, and 
certain spares for vacuum systems amount to approximately ₹ 1.5 crores. In total, we currently have 
around ₹115 to ₹116 crores in orders on hand. I’ve provided a breakdown of these orders by 
verƟcals to give you a clearer picture. Regarding delivery Ɵmes, the cycle for the majority of vacuum 
systems is approximately 3 to 4 months, while the delivery period for the evaporator division is 4 to 
5 months. This 3 to 4 month also applies to the delivery period for orders from Croll-Reynolds, 
including those placed by Croll Reynolds. We are consistently receiving inquiries from various 
industry segments, including pharma, chemicals, Agro-chemicals, edible oil, ethanol plants 
(parƟcularly bioethanol), power, petrochemicals, and reﬁneries. However, as menƟoned previously 
and in previous years, the majority of our business comes from edible oil reﬁning and the thermal 
power industry, with each contribuƟng around 25% of the revenues for the vacuum systems 
division.  
 

 
 
In case of evaporators and air polluƟon, the agrochemicals and dyes industries predominantly 
dominate. However, there are now a few pharmaceuƟcal industries involved as well. These sectors 
have some overlapping segments and some that are very exclusive to them. For instance, edible oil 
is not part of the evaporator division, and power is not included in the evaporator division. Likewise, 
dyes are not part of the vacuum division. Some segments do overlap, but there are disƟncƟons. 
Despite having a healthy order book and consistently receiving a good number of inquiries, several 
factors have contributed to our less-than-ideal performance in the ﬁrst two quarters. This is 
primarily because clients have failed to liŌ products that were made ready according to the 
contractual delivery periods. Issues such as lack of funds, project execuƟon delays, export 
commitments, and high freight costs have impacted their ability to dispatch and export products, 
leading to a drop in our shipments. AddiƟonally, our boiler required complete dismantling and 
maintenance aŌer 4 or 5 years, which caused a loss of 15 to 20 days because we could not conduct 
performance tests. This downƟme contributed to lower sales as well. However, we expect that for 
the ﬁnancial year 2024-25, we will be able to match, if not exceed, the results of the preceding year 
2023-24. Those results were quite healthy and impressive. We are also regularly discussing with our 
U.S. partners, who have informed us of a strong ﬂow of inquiries. This could potenƟally lead to more 
orders for Mazda. Thus, we anƟcipate a possible surge in orders in the near future. 
Currently, we restrict ourselves from exporƟng vacuum systems to avoid inter-company 
compeƟƟon, but we are free to export other products like surface condensers, evaporators, and 
feed water heaters. We are acƟvely seeking reliable agents in speciﬁc countries, such as Malaysia 
and the UAE, to help with these exports. Although we have not fully commiƩed to this eﬀort yet, 
we plan to intensify our search for good agents aŌer December. As of now, our direct export of these 
products is lagging behind. To give you a brief overview: The vacuum systems market in India is 
around 200 crores, of which we hold approximately 65 to 75 crores. In the evaporators sector, which 
is valued at 400 to 500 crores, our market share is around 60 to 75 crores. For air polluƟon control 
equipment, including venturi scrubbers and packed towers, we expect our order size to be around 
6 crores. There is signiﬁcant potenƟal for us to increase our market share in both the evaporators 
and air polluƟon control equipment sectors, and to some extent, even in the vacuum systems 
division.  
Our major compeƟtors have wriƩen here because many of you have inquired about who our major 
compeƟtors are. Regarding Indian compeƟtors, I would like to menƟon that in the ﬁeld of Ejector 
systems, the new player is Cam Process. In evaporators, GEA HK Industries is a notable compeƟtor. 
For stainless steel equipment, Alpha Laval, PRA JG Emoji Process and SSP in Faridabad are key 
players. I have not included air polluƟon control in this list because the manufacturers of FRP 
equipment—such as those making FRP tanks or columns—are also involved in air polluƟon control 
equipment. AddiƟonally, I want to share an observaƟon about market sizes. The market for 
evaporators is signiﬁcantly larger, more than double that of vacuum systems. While there is notable 

 
 
growth in the evaporator division, it's important to note that evaporators are used for recovering 
water from industrial eﬄuent (waste water), which results in lower proﬁtability compared to 
vacuum systems. Vacuum systems, used for process applicaƟons, have a smaller market size but 
oﬀer higher proﬁtability. Both product lines beneﬁt from our exports through CROLL REYNOLDS 
USA, which provides us with excellent prices due to their sales in high-buying-power countries such 
as the US, UK, and Germany. This results in beƩer pricing for us. Our most successful division is the 
one in collaboraƟon with CROLL REYNOLDS, USA. We are currently negoƟaƟng to shiŌ more of their 
orders to us instead of having them fabricated in China. CROLL REYNOLDS is saƟsﬁed with our quality 
and Ɵmely deliveries, as well as our support in troubleshooƟng and commissioning at their global 
sites. We oŌen send our engineers to locaƟons as far as Brazil and Australia, which reinforces their 
preference for our services over those from China or local US factories. 
However, having said this, the compeƟƟon for all our products has become quite intense, with more 
and more compeƟtors entering the ﬁeld, both local and internaƟonal. India’s rapid economic growth 
has aƩracted overseas companies, who are either seƫng up operaƟons here or collaboraƟng with 
local manufacturers. As a result, the market is becoming increasingly challenging. While the market 
size is expanding, the rate at which compeƟƟon is increasing is much higher. This is a concern for 
us. However, the one thing within our control is to ensure high quality and Ɵmely deliveries, and to 
keep our customers saƟsﬁed. Thankfully, we have been quite successful in this regard, touch wood. 
Another viewpoint I wanted to share, since many of you have asked, is that our current setup can 
generate revenue up to 250 crores for the engineering division, with a potenƟal range of 250 to 260 
crores. We might need a larger setup to fully capitalize on this potenƟal. 
This sums up our current operaƟons. I have tried to address almost all the quesƟons we received, 
but please feel free to ask any addiƟonal quesƟons if you need further clariﬁcaƟon. 
Now, moving on to the diﬀerent areas where we are focusing our eﬀorts: As I menƟoned, growth 
oŌen requires diversiﬁcaƟon into new segments, markets, and products. Here is a brief overview of 
some of the products we are currently venturing into. While these products might be small or their 
revenues relaƟvely insigniﬁcant at the moment, they are expected to contribute signiﬁcantly to our 
company’s growth in the coming years, perhaps in the next ﬁve years. 
One product we are excited about is the Smart Rod System. We have already started receiving orders 
from presƟgious companies like Hindustan Coca-Cola. They are extremely saƟsﬁed with our product 
and have showcased it at their head oﬃce in Atlanta for potenƟal use in all their factories 
worldwide. We are opƟmisƟc that with just this one client, we might achieve our target for this 
product. AddiƟonally, Aditya Birla has found the product's performance very encouraging, and we 
are in discussions with Reliance in Jamnagar and Mumbai, as well as other large companies like 
Adani and BKT, who have also given a green signal for installing this product in their plants. 

 
 
Another promising product is the Smart Rod, a non-chemical anƟ-scaling and descaling equipment. 
We are also developing several other products: 
Ion Exchange Membrane: This innovaƟve technology is a ﬁrst of its kind in India and is used for 
water recovery systems. It is more eﬃcient than reverse osmosis. We plan to launch this product in 
about a year. 
Advanced EvaporaƟon System: We have received a patent for this new type of evaporator, a 
combined MDR plus TVR system. It oﬀers certain advantages over convenƟonal systems and could 
lead to increased bookings in our evaporator division. 
High Gravity-Based Equipment: Designed for capturing CO₂, SO₂, and ammonia, this product is 
aimed at reﬁneries and ferƟlizer plants. We expect to launch it in 2027. 
Chemical-Free CIP SoluƟon: This product is a cleaning soluƟon for the dairy sector, reducing the 
need for large amounts of chemicals used every 6 hours to prevent bacterial growth. We expect to 
launch this in the laƩer half of 2026. 
We are also exploring hydrogen-based technologies and diesel eliminaƟon but will not discuss them 
in detail right now, as larger companies like Adani and Reliance have entered these areas. Instead, 
we are focusing on the four new products menƟoned. Even if one of these products succeeds, we 
anƟcipate a signiﬁcant boost of around 20 to 25% to our growth. I hope I have successfully 
addressed all your quesƟons and provided a clear overview of Mazda’s current and future plans.  
Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you very much, Sir. Now miss Shanaya over too you. Please have a chat with the investors. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Yeah, I Will. Hello everyone Nice to see a few familiar names. I hope you’re all well. Here’s a brief 
update from my end: 
We had targeted a total turnover of about Rs. 30 Crore for the year ending March 2024, and I’m 
pleased to report that we achieved that target. We are also on track to meet our new target for the 
year ending March 2025. 
Regarding capacity uƟlizaƟon, with a single shiŌ, our full capacity would be about Rs. 60 crore. In 
our previous facility, we added more shiŌs to increase producƟon. At present, we are considering 
whether we need a producƟon expansion. With a single shiŌ, Rs. 60 crore represents our full 
capacity uƟlizaƟon. 

 
 
Our boƩom line is sƟll slightly suppressed due to the impact of depreciaƟon, but we expect this to 
stabilize within the next 3 to 4 years as our top line improves. If you review our last quarterly results, 
you’ll see that we have already performed beƩer compared to the previous quarter and last year. 
As our top line conƟnues to grow, the eﬀect of depreciaƟon is expected to be largely miƟgated. 
We are conƟnuing with our strategy of launching new products, gradually entering new markets, 
and expanding our customer base, primarily with our exisƟng product line. AddiƟonally, we are 
working on increasing our share in the Indian market. As I menƟoned last Ɵme, we have set up 
distribuƟon teams in Delhi and NCR and have now opened operaƟons in Gujarat. We prefer a state-
by-state approach because markeƟng and establishing a presence in India can be expensive. We aim 
to maintain a healthy boƩom line and are performing beƩer than many FMCG companies with low 
single-digit proﬁtability margins. Despite our cauƟous approach, we are opening new markets and 
acquiring new customers. We are also exploring several larger projects and collaboraƟons, although 
I can’t provide details unƟl these are ﬁnalized. 
We are sƟll developing the ready-to-eat market segment, which we expect to be ready within the 
next 6 to 8 months. It’s a lengthy process from concept to market launch. We have increased our 
team and have now established a distributor and super stockist network in Gujarat. Building a brand 
and establishing a product in the market typically takes about 2 to 3 years, but we are making solid 
progress. 
That’s all from my end for now. If there are any speciﬁc quesƟons, I would be happy to address them 
when we move to the Q&A session. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator)  
Sure, ma'am. Thank you very much. Now we can open the plaƞorm for the quesƟon and answer. 
We can take the quesƟon and answer one by one. 
Please raise your hand if you have any quesƟons. 
Investor 1  
Hello  
Percy Avari 
Hello. 
Investor 1 
Can I start?  
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator)  

 
 
Yes, Sir. You can start. 
Investor 1 
Thank you for this opportunity, and good evening to everyone. I found it really interesƟng to hear 
about the new product development opportuniƟes you’ve been discussing.  
Could you provide more details on our R&D and new product development eﬀorts? Speciﬁcally, 
what types of investments are we making, and how do we approach this area? I understand that 
predicƟng revenue from these new products can be challenging, but could you share more about 
our eﬀorts and our team’s approach? 
AddiƟonally, I would appreciate insights into how we are exploring both export and domesƟc 
opportuniƟes. This is the only quesƟon I have for now. 
Percy Avari 
Yes I am assuming because I could not hear you properly, you are talking about the smart rod system. 
Do you want me to elaborate more on the smart rod? 
Investor 1 
Yes, Sir. My point is that, given the eﬀort we’ve put into showcasing our capabiliƟes at the last 
exhibiƟon, as well as discussing other products like ion exchange membrane producƟon, advanced 
power systems, and new air polluƟon control systems, it’s clear that we must have invested 
signiﬁcantly in product development and R&D. 
Could you provide more details on the size of our R&D and development teams? AddiƟonally, what 
extra investments are we making in these areas? Understanding these aspects will be really helpful. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. That’s an interesƟng quesƟon. The products I menƟoned, parƟcularly the Smart Rod system, 
are quite diﬀerent from our current oﬀerings. We are in the process of hiring new personnel with 
experƟse in ﬁelds such as water technology and experience with soŌening plants. We are teaming 
up with agencies that specialize in these products and building a markeƟng team, as our exisƟng 
engineers are not well-suited to market these new and unconvenƟonal products. 
Currently, our eﬀorts in markeƟng are parƟally successful. It is challenging because this is a 
completely new line for us, and we are accustomed to selling equipment, whereas these products 
fall more into the uƟlity area. 
As for R&D, it is an ongoing process. We have invested a substanƟal amount in developing and 
tesƟng these new products. This includes developing transformers for them and conducƟng trials 
at various companies. Much of our learning comes from installing these products at client sites, 

 
 
where we are now starƟng to see encouraging results. We are making some adjustments based on 
these trials, and I am pleasantly surprised by the results we are achieving. 
Our R&D eﬀorts are not limited to our factory but also involve client sites. Fortunately, due to our 
good reputaƟon, clients permit us to make modiﬁcaƟons on-site. The resources, manpower, and 
experƟse required for this are disƟnct from our current setup, making it a Ɵme-consuming process. 
However, we are progressing and geƫng closer to our goals. 
Investor 1 
It's so great. Again, congratulaƟons for invesƟng for new products, new development and new team 
and wish you all the best. Thank you very much. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator)  
Thank you, Sir. Now, moving over to Mr Himanshu, you can unmute yourself and ask the quesƟons. 
Investor 2  
Hi, good evening. I have two quesƟons: one for You and the other for Shanaya. 
Shanaya, last Ɵme we spoke, you expressed concerns about the slowdown in developed markets 
and its impact on our foods division. What is the current status and situaƟon for exports and the 
foods business? AddiƟonally, how large were our sales from exports and domesƟc business in the 
foods division for the last year? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Regarding your ﬁrst quesƟon about macroeconomic condiƟons, the situaƟon can vary throughout 
the year. For example, Nigeria, which is a signiﬁcant market for us, experienced a major issue with 
the naira against the dollar. This situaƟon slowed down our exports because customers struggled to 
obtain dollars or convert naira to dollars. The macroeconomic condiƟons are ﬂuid and can change 
frequently. 
On the other hand, Sudan, which was conﬂict-ridden last year, is now in a much beƩer posiƟon, 
allowing us to resume exports there. Overall, macroeconomic condiƟons are challenging to predict 
and control, and they ﬂuctuate throughout the year. 
Sorry, what was the second quesƟon? 
Investor 2  
The breakup of revenue between domesƟc and export. 
 

 
 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Yeah, got it. Got it. Cyrus, you may be in a beƩer posiƟon to answer that for the last year. 
Cyrus Bhagwagar 
Yeah, for the for the last year, domesƟc is comparaƟvely very less, it's around 8 to 10% whereas 90% 
was exports. 
Investor 2 
Okay. And this export is majorly to the emerging markets or developed markets? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
No, that’s not the case at all. We have a broad supply network. Our largest customer is in the UK, 
and we have a strong supply presence in the US and Saudi Arabia. We also supply to the UN and the 
EU, among other regions. AddiƟonally, we have supply channels in smaller emerging markets like 
the Maldives. Overall, we have a global supply footprint, with the excepƟon of Asia, where our 
market presence is relaƟvely limited, except in India. 
Investor 2  
Okay, Percy, could you outline our strengths on the engineering side? AddiƟonally, can you explain 
the criteria we use for selecƟng the products we want to develop or enter into? Speciﬁcally, what 
types of products do we prefer not to pursue, and how do we determine the soluƟons we aim to 
provide? 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. So, I am assuming that you are asking me that what is the criteria for selecƟon of the new 
products, right? 
Investor 2  
Yeah, selecƟon or again rejecƟng the product. 
Percy Avari 
Yes, that's a very good quesƟon. I haven't been asked this before, so I appreciate it. Historically, our 
products have been specialized and limited to speciﬁc applicaƟons. For example, vacuum systems 
are needed for parƟcular applicaƟons, and evaporators are used primarily in processes where water 
needs to be treated. 
Currently, we are aiming to expand into products that have broader applicaƟons across various 
industries. Our goal is to enter markets where products are used across a wide spectrum, such as 

 
 
texƟles, pharmaceuƟcals, edible oils, and steel making. We are focusing on products related to 
steam and water, as these are used in virtually all industries. 
By targeƟng these more universal applicaƟons, we aim to avoid being restricted by niche markets 
and instead, increase our volumes by reaching a broader market. 
Investor 2  
Okay, and thank you; that was very helpful. One last thing: the aŌermarket revenue increased 
signiﬁcantly last year, rising from 4.55 crore to 11 Crore. What was the reason for such a substanƟal 
increase? 
Percy Avari 
Thank you. Yeah. 
Investor 2  
Large increase in the aŌermarkets business. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator)  
AŌer-market business means you are talking about other income. 
Investor 2  
No, in the breakup of revenue there is spares and parts business, OK. 
Percy Avari 
There must have been one or two big orders that contributed to this increase. I'm not enƟrely sure, 
but I believe some exoƟc materials were used in product applicaƟons, which could have signiﬁcantly 
impacted the revenue. 
Investor 2 
OK. 
Percy Avari 
Nothing signiﬁcant about. 
Investor 2 
It. Yeah. So, it is not a sustainable revenue stream. 
Percy Avari 
No, no. In ones in exoƟc, some material comes in place. 

 
 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
OK, thank you, Mr Himanshu. Now moving over to Mr Nikhil, you can ask the quesƟon. 
Investor 3 
Yeah. Hi. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. 
First, if I look at our AGM notes from last year and compare them to this year, the order book appears 
to be largely ﬂat. Last year, we had an order book of 123 crores, and this year, it is in a similar range. 
What is happening at the industry level to explain this? 
Second, if I track the trend of our order book and revenue, it seems we used to receive 40 to 50 
crores in orders during the year, which would then be executed and reﬂected in our reported 
revenues. Is this trend conƟnuing? Speciﬁcally, why is the order book growth slower, and what 
addiƟonal revenue should we expect from this order book for the year? Last year, our revenues 
were around 195 to 200 crores, which is approximately 1.4 to 1.5 Ɵmes the starƟng order book. Is 
this paƩern expected to conƟnue? 
Percy Avari 
Historically, our order bookings over the past ﬁve years have consistently ranged between 90 to 120 
crores. There is no precise reason for this trend; I also someƟmes wonder about it. However, it has 
always been within this range. Currently, we are close to this range, though if we had secured one 
or two big orders just before this meeƟng, we might have exceeded 130 crores. We are expecƟng 
some substanƟal orders, parƟcularly from the solar industry, with 23 orders currently under 
negoƟaƟon. We might have secured 31 to 35 crores, but unfortunately, we are currently at around 
115 to 120 crores while discussing this. 
Yes, the market is tougher than before. As I menƟoned, there is intense compeƟƟon, and the growth 
rate of compeƟƟon exceeds the growth rate of the market. With India being a shining star right now, 
many overseas companies are also entering the Indian market and seƫng up oﬃces. This increased 
compeƟƟon is aﬀecƟng us, and we are acƟvely working to idenƟfy new areas and products to ensure 
conƟnuous growth. Even though our growth may be modest, we are commiƩed to innovaƟon and 
ﬁnding new opportuniƟes. Yes, it is tough right now. 
Investor 3  
Okay. Secondly, regarding the anƟ-scaling product, could you provide a cost-beneﬁt analysis 
comparing our product to exisƟng soluƟons? Speciﬁcally, how does our product diﬀer from current 
opƟons, and what beneﬁts does it oﬀer to customers? AddiƟonally, what is the price diﬀerenƟal 
between our soluƟon and the exisƟng alternaƟves? 
 

 
 
Percy Avari 
Okay, ExisƟng soluƟons for anƟ-scaling are chemical-based, involving the use of nitric acid, sulfamic 
acid, and causƟc agents to remove scale and fouling. These chemicals must eventually be removed 
from the system and end up as eﬄuent, which is diﬃcult and costly to treat at common eﬄuent 
treatment plants (CETPs). 
Our Smart Rod system diﬀers signiﬁcantly in that it eliminates the need for chemicals enƟrely, 
thereby avoiding the generaƟon of eﬄuent. This leads to several key beneﬁts: 
ReducƟon of Eﬄuent: By not using chemicals, we avoid generaƟng eﬄuent that requires treatment. 
This reduces the load on CETPs and avoids associated costs. 
Cost Savings on Chemicals: In a small to moderate-sized factory, the cost of chemicals can exceed 
70,000 to 1,00,000 rupees per month. Our soluƟon eliminates this expense, along with the need for 
chemical storage and addiƟonal manpower to handle these chemicals. 
Reduced DownƟme: TradiƟonal chemical treatments require plant shutdowns for cleaning and 
chemical applicaƟon. With our Smart Rod system, cleaning can be performed without stopping the 
plant, thus reducing downƟme. DownƟme can cost a factory up to a crore of rupees or more per 
day, so our system helps avoid these signiﬁcant losses. 
Overall, while there is an iniƟal capital cost for installing the Smart Rod system, the long-term savings 
on chemicals, eﬄuent treatment, and reduced downƟme provide substanƟal cost beneﬁts. 
Percy Avari 
We have conducted a cost analysis with several companies, and in some cases, the payback period 
for our system is as short as one and a half months. In other cases, it is around six months, and for 
smaller companies, it could be up to a year. However, it’s important not to focus solely on the 
payback period. Consider the broader beneﬁts: reducing downƟme, eliminaƟng eﬄuent generaƟon, 
avoiding the need for chemical storage, and other factors. 
Thank you. 
Investor 3 
Look, conceptually, this product looks as what you have discussed looks very exciƟng. What could 
be the challenges in terms of acceptance of this product because the applicaƟon area would be 
preƩy large for this product. So, what could be the challenge? 
 
 

 
 
Percy Avari 
That is very, very, very unique. There were companies came in this line with diﬀerent technologies. 
Years back, who have spoiled and with diﬀerent technology, not the technology that we use have 
spoiled the reputaƟon of this non chemical product that is so it is ﬁrst it is a barrier that we have to 
break, telling them, explain them that this is a completely diﬀerent technology. So that is the ﬁrst 
point. Second is that the reserves are not instantaneous. OK, so we have to install these and the 
results come aŌer 3 to 4 months or 5 months for the clients to really see it. So that is the second 
point. 3rd point is the client does not believe what we say. And he thinks that it is not feasible to do 
it so that these 3 combinaƟons add up to our slow penetraƟon of the market. But I'm sure by the 
process of word of mouth and by the wonderful results that we have just started geƫng in, this 
could ease the barriers could ease and we will have a good future as we anƟcipated in the coming 
years. 
Investor 3 
And just last quesƟon, you discussed in the iniƟal presentaƟon and also in our annual report the 
that we are trying to go into volume products. If we have to understand what is the total target 
market segment? We would increase from where we are today. So today when we talk about it, it's 
around 700 to 800 crore kind of a market where we are operaƟng based on all the products and all 
we are working does this 800 Crore expand to 2000 to 2500 crore. What is the scale of market? 
Percy Avari 
HypotheƟcally speaking, there is no limit to this market because, as I said, all these new products 
will be used wherever there is a boiler and a cooling tower and I believe that each and every plant 
has a boiler and a cooling tower, so there is no limit to it. It. But we have kept a modest target of 
increasing our turnover by 10 or 15% with these new products in the coming years. But there is no 
limit to this market. 
Investor 3 
Sure. Thanks. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr Nikhil. Now moving over to Mr Shaukat. 
Investor 4 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand liƩle medium term to long 
term perspecƟve and travels of the company both in the food division as well as in the engineering 
division where with all these good products that you have working on. AŌer launching this product, 

 
 
where do you see yourself moving towards what kind of number and margin, revenue number and 
margin we can reach, let's say in 2 to 3 years perspecƟve. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
I mean, I can reply from my side. I mean, as you can see as from the food side, we're expecƟng a 
sort of average of 15% to 20% year on year growth. So, I mean. We'd like to grow more and faster, 
but that needs more capital. So, we just want to hold on to our growth right now for us, the most 
important is pulling up our top line for now is in the medium term for 5 years to ensure that 
depreciaƟon isn't aﬀecƟng us as much. 
Investor 4 
And the margin side, let's say, EBITDA margin that we can maintain in the food division or the steady 
state basis? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
That would change also on the basis of what we've done for that year, Cyrus. You can take the 
quesƟon. 
Cyrus Bhagwagar 
I think we have more or less maintained the margin. So, I think we will be able to do that. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, Mr Ali, as far as the Engineering Division is concerned, It's like that if we reduce our 
proﬁtability, we can have a surge in the order booking which we are not wanƟng to do ﬁrst is that 
so keeping that in mind we expect moderate inquiries of growing generally by 10 or 15% at the 
most, 20% for the coming 2 to 3 years, but once these new products take us, I mean come up and 
they are accepted by the market wholeheartedly. Then there is, I would say. Then you'll have an 
exponenƟal growth or like I can say that right now. 
Investor 4 
Yes, I agree that that's all from my side. Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you. Thank you very much now moving over to Mr Varun. 
Investor 5 
Yeah. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Yeah, just 2 to 3 quesƟons. Firstly, Shanaya in terms 
of driving business from overseas, how easy or diﬃcult is it for you to manage business from abroad? 

 
 
What challenges do you face and how do? You deal with the same. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Umm, I mean, I've been doing it for 14 years now, so we sort of have a system in place. I have a 
much bigger team driving business from abroad means it also helps to be in a central locaƟon to be 
able to do and go to places where I need to be. So, it's a sort of keeping a working system running. 
So, to speak, we also have a much bigger team, which I coordinate with, which is very helpful, yeah. 
There's a lot of disturbance from your end. 
Investor 5 
Is it beƩer now? 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
No, I think. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Not quite. Yeah, maybe if you have a mobile device or something like that that's searching for 
network. Yeah, it's, it's gone now, yes. 
Investor 5 
Yeah. So, second quesƟon is on the engineering side. I think we have good engineering and servicing 
capabiliƟes and we did speak about that, but in terms of markeƟng and branding capabiliƟes or let's 
say our iniƟaƟves around bringing in new business or increasing our visibility, what are we doing 
there and how do we see our front end at the moment and how do you look to strengthen the 
same? 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. So, we have recently signed up with LinkedIn. We have got professional. We are regularly 
uploading arƟcles on LinkedIn and you will see fresh inputs from Mazda on it. We are trying to 
employ Engineers; local engineers work from home in far oﬀ places like Vapi or maybe deep 
somewhere in Maharashtra to penetrate into the industrial zones. We enjoy very strong brand 
reputaƟon of Mazda is idenƟﬁed with good quality products and is in the league similar to that or 
enjoyed by large companies. So, proﬁtability wise and other, you know, we enjoy a good amount of 
respect from the clients. But we are deﬁnitely making up. We are coming up with a new website. 
So, we are doing, we are now being more visible linked and we are employing. Engineers these new 
products that we are launching, we're trying to have a new team which will really do ground you 
know. Put in eﬀorts to penetrate in other segments of the industries. So, we are puƫng diﬀerent 
type of eﬀorts but it will take Ɵme. 

 
 
Investor 5 
Got it, got it. And in terms of new customer addiƟons in India, can you share some data around how 
many new customers we would have added in last 3 to 4 years? 
Percy Avari 
I really diﬃcult for me to answer, but we have been now taking part in diﬀerent type of exhibiƟons 
like we exhibited at cap tech. Right now, we are lined up to exhibit at the edge. AŌer that there is 
an exhibiƟon again in Bombay. Then there is an exhibiƟon in Delhi. 
So, we had stopped it some years back, but now we have started in selecƟvely, of course, in 
parƟcipaƟng in selecƟve exhibiƟons. So, these exhibiƟons lead to 3 to 4 new clients every Ɵme that 
we exhibit. So, every year we add around now with the exhibiƟng and now with LinkedIn everything 
we are adding 10to 15 fresh brand-new clients to our list. 
Investor 5 
Got it. And we've been looking to expand our product base to grow business. So how do you 
measure the success of new products launched in last 2 to 3 years because the revenue share from 
these products, yeah. 
Percy Avari 
The one product we have launched and that is the Smart Rod. Unfortunately, it is not very signiﬁcant 
that I would like to speak about, but yes, we have started geƫng orders from large companies and 
the coming 6 months we will see signiﬁcant growth in that new product that we have. The other 
products are our exisƟng products and for which I have already spoken. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Yeah. OK. Mr Varun, thank you very much. Now moving over to Mr UƩam. 
Investor 6 
Yeah. Good evening, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my quesƟon was on the capacity side, 
as you menƟoned, we would speak out around 250 or 260 or current revenues. So just want to know 
how much CapEx we would require to expand and would it be like a new facility or we have enough 
space at our current facility? 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, Mr UƩam, it's a good quesƟon which I or no one right now has a clear answer. But since you 
have asked this, 250 to 260 Crore is what we can. Quite comfortably do, but we have space. We 
have land where we can immediately start if the need arises. So, we have a factory which we can 

 
 
immediately built, which we can immediately start. That could add another Rs. 20 Crores if the need 
arises. And most importantly, we have got a very large chunk of land next to the food division, which 
at all. If there is a huge surge we can put in a good amount of capital and can start a large factory 
over there, but I don't see it was happening in the next 2 to 3 years at least. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Just to clarify that 250 to 260 Crores, he's talking about it is without any substanƟal addiƟonal 
investment in infrastructure. It is with our current faciliƟes. 
Percy Avari 
And only as far as the engineering division is concerned you have to talk with food. 
Investor 6 
And how much maintenance CapEx do we require each year to keep our faciliƟes in up to date and 
keep them? 
Percy Avari 
Fortunately, we are fabricators basically as far as the engineering is concerned. So, if there are no 
CNCs involved or no sophisƟcated equipment’s involved, which really called for maintenance, 
maintenance is only for the DG sets that we have big sets that we have welding sets that we have 
or for the plate bending faciliƟes that we have major hindrance comes from the test facility that we 
have. Then we have boiler where we have cooling tower and we have to test each and every product 
of ours. Other than that, I do not see or the results do not even show signiﬁcant amount being spent 
on the maintenance. 
Investor 6 
And so now so this FMCG segment we operaƟng, it is bound to get compeƟƟve as we increase in 
scale and margins for many companies, margins have seen pressure aŌer. On scale, so is there any 
niche products, products we are trying to enter or small categories we are trying to enter or are we 
trying? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
No, not no niche products at all, because that's a very limited, as you said there, there is where you 
feel the most of the squeezed. We are targeƟng the mass market with also with the increased 
compeƟƟon. Remember with India we have the beneﬁt of scale and larger segments of the 
populaƟon open up as they move from their echoes. Economic social status into a consuming 
segment. So, we've seen this trend with India, where despite you know again, I'm not talking about 
niche products, I'm just talking about mass products like ours. Where there is that oﬀset, where we 

 
 
also have the added beneﬁt of segments of populaƟon or even just smaller ciƟes, etcetera opening 
up and becoming consumers, which one before. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
OK. Thank you very much Mr UƩam. Now, Mr Anuj, you can have 2 to 3 quesƟons. 
Investor 7 
Yeah, 2 quesƟons. One is for Percy. Historically, we have been challenged by limited aŌer sales 
income from our segments. Do the new products partly address that situaƟon? More, we conƟnue 
to be a one-Ɵme transacƟon. That's quesƟon number one. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, they conƟnuously, unfortunately they will conƟnue to be one Ɵme installaƟon type of 
equipment’s. 
Investor 7 
Okay, but you know, when you spoke your mind on the new product selecƟons, it's a great thought 
that we want to be more generalist, but any more thoughts into You know, repeƟƟve engagement 
with this product. That's quesƟon number. That's just a follow up and also you know what we've 
seen in the engineering businesses is good businesses have actually managed to increase their 
market share because customers have demonstrated appreciaƟon for beƩer quality products. Do 
you see that happening in either evaporators or vacuum Systems. 
Percy Avari 
That happened for certain duraƟon of Ɵme in the last years, but now clients are, you know, geƫng 
so much of vendors who can supply the same product that they are. Taking advantage of the 
situaƟon, right and all the vendors are becoming compeƟƟve. So, right now, India is a very price 
sensiƟve market and if someone drops their prices, the purchase guy will automaƟcally go to him 
and more importantly, right now all these reverses vendors or reverse opƟons are being put in place. 
And they do not give any weightage to the quality or the past experience. It is just on the basis of L-
one. So that is one of the bad or not so encouraging things that have happened the reverse aucƟon 
where it is faceless and where it goes purely by the price. So unfortunately, again your both your 
quesƟons I could not give a posiƟve reply. 
Investor 7 
Alright, no problem. Thanks for this and Shanaya just one quesƟon on the new product segment, 
which is ready to eat. What is the market looking like and could it have a beƩer proﬁtability proﬁle 
than the exisƟng business? Thank you. 

 
 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Not necessarily beƩer. No. I think with the general, the segments we are in, we're not looking at 
really big margins because again, we don't do niche products. So, we're not making protein bars 
etcetera, which usually can have a 50-60% markup. We're not interested in niche markets at now, 
so no, we would be looking to maintain at best our current proﬁtability’s, but just our focus is on 
volume with our products always. 
Investor 7 
Alright, thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Yeah. Thank you very much all. Now we can have a concluding remark from our chairman, Mr.  
Mohib Khericha. 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Hello everyone, 
I believe you have heard from both Percy and Shanaya. Percy has mentioned that the first 
two quarters were somewhat slow due to issues on the customer end, clearance delays, and 
shipping problems. However, he is optimistic that we will catch up over the rest of the year. 
Percy also noted that order bookings have slowed down during the election period but are 
expected to pick up now that there is more clarity and continuity. 
On the food side, since the factory has been operational this year, we are anticipating a 15% 
growth next year and onward. With everything in place, we aim to achieve annual turnover 
of ₹ 60 Crore within three years, which would be the full capacity. Although there is enough 
space for additional machinery, we are well-positioned financially to make those 
investments. 
Regarding engineering, we have available land and a building, and with our current financial 
position, we can increase our capacity as needed. 
As for the new product, the smart rod, if it succeeds, we have the potential for a significant 
market share since no one else is producing it. Percy has mentioned that Coca-Cola has 
already purchased from us and has recommended to their head office that this product should 
be implemented across all their plants. This unique product could substantially benefit us if 
it proves successful. 

 
 
Other products are currently in the design and development stages, and we will gradually 
start adding them to our offerings. 
We hope all of you are satisfied with your investment in Mazda, and we are committed to 
delivering better results in the interest of all our shareholders. Let us prosper together. 
Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you very much all and request all to aƩend the AGM which is on 9th September 12:00 PM. 
Thank you very much. 
Percy Avari 
Thank you. Thank you. 
 

 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE 
 
Brief for Share-holders meet scheduled today evening… (5-9-2024) 
 
Currently the order booking is as follows: 
(a) Domestic orders including Spares for Vacuum Systems : Rs. 70 cr. 
(b) CR / Exports orders for Vacuum Systems : Rs. 7 cr. 
(c) Domestic orders for Air Pollution Control Equipments : Rs. 3.5 Cr. 
(d) Domestic orders for Multiple Effect Evaporators : Rs 34 Cr. 
(e) Spares (overall for all the products) : Rs. 1.5 Cr. 
 
 
The cycle time / delivery periods for majority of the Vacuum Systems Division products is 
around 3-4 months while that for Evaporator Division is 4-5 months. 
 
 
Furthermore, there is a constant flow of enquiries from various segments of the industry 
including Pharma, Chemical, Agrochemical, Edible Oil Refining, Ethanol Plants, Power, 
Petrochemicals & Refineries.   
 
 
However, majority of the enquiries continue to remain from Edible Oil Refining and Power 
Segment (which contribute approx. 25% revenues each for our vacuum systems business) and  
in case of Evaporators & Air Pollution Equipments, it is mostly the Agrochemical & Dyes 
Industries which dominate. 
 
 
Due to various reasons beyond our control, our sales figures have reduced for the first 2 quarters 
due to the clients not lifting their ordered equipments on time. The reasons include lack of 
availability of payment, delay in project execution, etc. and also due to maintenance related 
issues with our Test facility boiler.  
 
 
However, we do expect the overall 2024 – 2025 results (in terms of dispatches as well as in 
terms of profitability) to match those of the preceding year, 2023-2024. 
 
 
Recent discussions with our Partner, M/s. Croll Reynolds Co Inc, USA indicate that there is 
strong flow of enquiries and orders at their end which might translate into more orders to Mazda 
from them.  
 
 
Though we restrict ourselves from exporting vacuum systems (to avoid inter-company 
competition), we are free to export our other products which include Surface Condensers, Feed 
Water Heaters and Evaporators, though we have not initiated any significant action towards the 
same.  However, we intend to actively canvas for these products overseas by tying up with a 
few local business agents that we have identified. 
 
 
As per our estimate, the total Indian market for our various products is as follows: 
(1) Steam Jet Ejector Vacuum Systems : Rs. 200 Cr. 
(2) Evaporators : Rs. 400-500 Cr. 
(3) Air Pollution Control Equipments: Rs. 100 Cr. 
 

 
Our major competitors are as follows: 
(1) Steam Jet Ejector Vacuum Systems : Newfield, Chem Process, GEA & HK Industries  
(2) Evaporators : Alfa Laval, Praj, GEA, Mojj, Chem Process, Ketav Ind & SSP   
 
 
The Profit margins for vacuum systems is relatively higher than that for Evaporators as our 
Evaporators are generally for recovery of water from Industrial Effluent and are sometimes are 
forced by the local pollution control Board and therefore, plants owner restrict their spending 
on Evaporators.  But, the market for Evaporators is much higher and will grow further in the 
years to come as environment consciousness increases.   However, the profit margins are the 
best for our export orders to Croll Reynolds, USA and the sales from them could increase as 
they could divert more orders to us instead of getting them fabricated in China.  
 
 
The competition for all the products has become quite intense considering the current prevailing 
scenario and therefore, are now focussing more on aggressively marketing the following new 
products that we have developed: 
 
(a) Chilled water operated, highly efficient vacuum systems  
 
(b) Chemical free, Anti scaling water treatment systems. 
 
 
Our current manufacturing set up can generate a revenue up to 250 Cr. for the Engineering div. 
and after which, we might require a larger set up.  
 
Engineering Segment: Driving Innovation and Growth 
Mazda Ltd’s Engineering segment continues to be a cornerstone of our business, demonstrating 
resilience and adaptability in an evolving industrial landscape. Our commitment to innovation and 
delivering value-added solutions has enabled us to secure a strong market position. 
Building on Recent Successes The successful industrial trials of our Non-Chemical Anti-Scaling and 
Descaling equipment (Smart Rod Systems) marks a significant milestone. Due to the product's 
encouraging performance (exceeded our expectations) across diverse industries, we are of the opinion 
that it will be in the forefront of leading the drive for substantial growth in the current financial year. 
Strategic Focus on Innovation Aligned with our vision to be a pioneer in industrial solutions, we have 
intensified our R&D efforts. Our focus is on developing cutting-edge technologies that address critical 
industry challenges and create sustainable value.  A few are listed as below: 
 
 
Ion Exchange Membrane Production: As a first-of-its-kind initiative in India, we are 
collaborating with a large research organization to develop Ion Exchange Membranes. This 
technology holds immense potential for various industrial applications, including EDI/EDR 
systems and niche segments. 
 
 
Advanced Evaporation Systems: We are in the process of developing ‘first of its kind’ and 
innovative hybrid MVR/TVR-based Evaporation Systems (now patented by us). This will 
enhance energy efficiency and overall system performance and could propel us in becoming 
the leaders in the field of Evaporators. 
 
 
Revolutionizing Air Pollution Control: We are working on a ‘High Gravity’ based equipment 
to significantly reduce the operational and capital expenditure of scrubber/stripper systems 
while improving efficiency as specially for CO2, SO2 & NH3 capture. 
 
 
Chemical-Free / CIP Solutions: Also, we are currently conducting trails for developing a 
‘Chemical-Free Cleaning-in-place’ (CIP) Solution for the Dairy Sector. Successful alpha trials 
are underway, paving the way for a transformative offering. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Embracing a Broader Innovation Ecosystem: Mazda Ltd is committed to exploring innovative 
technologies from across the globe. We are open to collaborations with Industry leaders to introduce 
groundbreaking products, even if they diverge from our current offerings. Our focus on sustainable 
green energy technologies aligns with this approach. We are particularly interested in exploring 
opportunities in Hydrogen-based technologies, Desalination Technologies  that resonate with Mazda's 
philosophy. 
 
Conclusion : We are confident that our ongoing initiatives will deliver exceptional value to our 
stakeholders and solidify our position as a preferred partner for cutting-edge engineering solutions. 
 
 
