 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   
                   An ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 Certified Company 
 
 
Tarsons Products Limited, 902, Martin Burn Business Park, BP-3, Sector –V, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700091 
Tel: +91 33 3522 0300, Web: www.tarsons.com 
Mail: info@tarsons.com, CIN: L51109WB1983PLC036510 
 
Date: 22nd August, 2024 
                                                                                                                                             
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Scrip code: 543399 
NSE Symbol: TARSONS 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to our intimation dated 16th August, 2024, please find enclosed herewith 
the transcripts of the Investor Conference Call held on Friday, 16th August, 2024, to discuss the financial and 
operational performance/Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated & Standalone) of the Company for the 
quarter ended 30th June, 2024. 
 
The transcripts of the said conference call will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.tarsons.com.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Santosh Kumar Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Chief Financial Officer 
ICSI Membership No. 44836 
 
Encl: As above 
SANTOSH 
KUMAR 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
SANTOSH KUMAR 
AGARWAL 
Date: 2024.08.22 
13:54:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Tarsons Products Limited 
Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 16, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 16th August 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARYAN SEHGAL – PROMOTER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – TARSONS PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANTOSH KUMAR AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND COMPANY SECRETARY – TARSONS 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAIVEER SHEKHAWAT – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tarsons Products Limited Q1FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by AMBIT Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Shekhawat. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Thank you, Ria. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I welcome you all to 
Tarsons Products' Q1FY25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management today, we have 
Mr. Aryan Sehgal, Promoter and Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Santosh Agarwal, the Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
Now without further ado, I would now request Aryan to start with his opening remarks, post 
which we can open the floor for question and answer. Thanks, and over to you, Aryan. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all on our Q1FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call for Tarsons. Along with me today, I'm joined by Mr. Santosh Agarwal, CFO 
and Company Secretary for Tarsons Products Limited; and SGA, our Investor Relations 
advisors. We have uploaded our quarterly investor presentation on the stock exchange and 
company's website. I hope all of you had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 
Over the past 18 months, the plastic labware industry was witnessing a slowdown in the Indian 
and global markets. However, we have witnessed signs of recovery in the industry with increased 
order inquiries in both the domestic and overseas markets. Having been in this industry for over 
4 decades, we have encountered similar challenges in the past and have successfully navigated 
it back then emerging even stronger. 
 
We have seen industry bouncing back with increased demands and expanding customer base. 
We view the current situation as an opportunity to establish and strengthen our presence in the 
domestic and international markets. By leveraging our high-quality products and cost-efficient 
manufacturing operations, we are well-positioned to make inroads into these markets. 
 
Our high-quality products, reliability and on-time supplies will establish us with the goal of 
gradually increasing our share of business with these customers over time. We have been 
actively participating in large RFQs and overseas tenders along with engagement in numerous 
international exports. These global platforms have provided us with the opportunity to 
demonstrate the robustness, diversity and superior quality of our products to a wide array of 
potential customers. 
 
Our participation in these events is a critical component of our long-term growth plan. By 
showcasing our offerings on an international stage, we aim to increase our visibility in key 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
markets and attract interest from a diverse range of industries and geographies. The response so 
far has been encouraging with initial inquiries coming from several new prospects. 
 
However, it could take some time for order combination and increase our suppliers. We believe 
we are in the right direction and should be able to add revenues from these new customers over 
a longer period of time. The strategic approach not only reinforces our commitment to expanding 
our global footprint, but also ensures that we are well positioned to capture a larger market share 
as we continue to introduce new products and refine our current offerings. We have also taken 
a big lead by expanding our capacities and capability with our upcoming facility in Panchla. 
This facility is built looking ahead of time to cater the growing demand of the plastic labware 
industry over the next 5 to 7 years. 
 
This new facility will not only enhance the production capacity of our existing product portfolio, 
but also introduce new product categories such as cell culture to broaden our offerings and 
increase our addressable market. Panchla facility is expected to commence operations by H2 of 
this financial year. In the initial phase, our focus will be on servicing the domestic market, while 
Tarsons is already a well-established brand with strong customer relationships built over many 
decades. 
 
We are confident that this expansion will allow us to increase our share of business with these 
customers. On the global front, this facility will enable us to supply a wide range of products 
within the plastic labware industry, positioning us as a comprehensive one-stop solution for 
plastic labware. 
 
Regarding the Q1 FY '25 performance, our stand-alone revenues, excluding Nerbe plus, stood 
at INR64.9 crores, up from INR62.6 crores in Q1 FY '24, reflecting a growth of 3.6%. Despite 
the overall industry experiencing a decline in the quarter gone by, we have successfully increased 
our revenue, indicating an increase in our market share. As the demand recovers, which we are 
already witnessing some positive trends, we are optimistic about future revenue and profitability 
growth. In January 2024, we've acquired Nerbe plus, a Germany-based plastic labware 
distribution company to deepen our presence in key European geographies with local foothold. 
 
Nerbe currently serves multiple customers across various regions, providing strategic entry 
points for Tarsons over the coming years. We intend to capitalize on Nerbe's capabilities in order 
to market our recently introduced products and expand Tarsons' product offerings in Europe. 
We are confident that this strategy will bring new customers, revenue growth and increased 
profitability for Tarsons. 
 
Stand-alone adjusted EBITDA for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR20 crores and the adjusted EBITDA 
margins stood at 30.9%. Reported EBITDA margins in Q1 FY '25 were impacted mainly on 
account of change in product mix impacting the gross margins and the extended impact of the 
EBITDA, INR3 crores provision from machinery, which was damaged during the transit. We 
are also in the process of filing the claim with the insurance company and are very optimistic of 
reversing impact as soon as the claim is approved by the insurance company, increase in 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
employee expenses on account of annual salary revisions and addition of employees and workers 
for our upcoming facility, on account of certain expenses for our upcoming facility for which 
revenues will follow in the coming financial years. 
 
Adjusted for these one-off expenses and impact, our reported EBITDA stood at INR17 crores 
with margins at 26.3%. Regarding our consolidated performance, if we include only the stand-
alone India business and the Nerbe business, our revenues stood at INR84.8 crores with an 
adjusted EBITDA of INR21.8 crores. Going forward, our consolidated margins might appear 
different due to the inclusion of Nerbe plus, which is currently a trading entity with lower 
margins compared to our India manufacturing business. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Santosh Agarwal, CFO for Tarsons, for his 
comments on the financial highlights. 
Santosh Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q1 FY '25 earnings calls. On the 
revenue front, stand-alone revenue from operations for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR64.9 crores, 
which has increased as compared to INR62.6 crores in Q1 FY '24 at a growth of 3.6%. Our 
consol revenue from operations for Q1 FY '24 stood at INR84.8 crores revenue from Nerbe for 
Q1 FY '25 was INR20 crores, which has been consolidated from 1 January 2024. For Q1 FY 
'25, on consolidated basis, the revenue from overseas stood at INR42 crores and domestic at 
INR43 crores. 
 
Speaking about EBITDA, [inaudible 0:09:13] EBITDA for Q1 FY '25, stood at INR20 crores as 
against INR24.1 crores in Q1 FY '24. The stand-alone adjusted EBITDA margin for Q1 FY '25 
stood at 30.9%. The consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin for Q1 FY '25 stood at 25.7%. 
Margin were partially impacted due to the following reasons: the number one reason is, initial 
estimated provision of INR3 crores on account of machine damage during the transit, evaluation 
and insurance claim for the same is in process; secondly, change in product mix, then increase 
in employee expenses with revision in salaries in Q1 FY '25 and overhead expenses for the 
upcoming facility; the last one reason is the lower EBITDA margin on account of Nerbe plus, 
which is a trading entity. 
 
If you talk about the PAT, stand-alone profit after tax for Q1 FY '25 stood at INR6.5 crores with 
a PAT margin of 10%, and consolidated profit after tax for Q1 FY '25 was INR4 crores with a 
PAT margin of 4.7%. Further we have recommended a dividend of INR2 per share for FY '24. 
Coming to Nerbe plus financials, the company has clocked quarterly revenue of INR20 crores 
in Q1 FY '25. In Q1 FY '25, if you talk about the PBT front, the company reported a profit of 
INR0.9 crores. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific Investing. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
So I have two-three questions. My first question is, if we look at the domestic diagnostic 
industry, looks like this quarter, the results have turned and many companies are getting good 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
results. So in that context given earlier, we were telling there are headwinds. How do you see it 
benefiting us? Do you also see green shots for us in the domestic diagnostic segment? That is 
the first question. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Sure. So yes, I think the domestic diagnostic industry has revived very well, and our business 
has stabilized with the diagnostic industry. Just to add that, which I've informed earlier as well, 
the business was a standard business with the diagnostic industry pre-COVID, and it's fallen 
back to that standard business today. There was a one-time exceptional business during COVID 
because of the testing, which the diagnostic companies had, which no longer exists. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Okay. My second question is, we have this huge capex going on. I wanted to know, and I think 
the capex program started almost 2.5 years back, and I'm talking particularly about the growth 
capex, not the warehousing one. So has it been delayed? And what is the reason? And when it 
will go live? And if you can give some plan around when we will achieve 10%, 20%, 30% 
capacity utilization? And which quarter it will go live and how the operating leverage will play 
out? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Sure. So the capex was divided into two portions, the manufacturing and the growth capex, not 
the warehouse capex. One was the infrastructure, which is being built now almost for a year.It's 
been ready for the last at least 9 months to 12 months. And the other was bringing in the machines 
and commissioning those machines. We would have started our capex around 3.5-4 months 
back. But due to the unfortunate incident of the machines getting damaged during transit, a large 
block of the machines got damaged for which we are preparing our insurance claim. Our 
commissioning for this plant is slightly delayed. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
So when are we going to commission it? Do we have any visibility in terms of time line? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So the next block of machines should start in H2, as Santosh mentioned, in his introductory 
speech. These block of machines would be stalled and there would be a longer delay because 
there will be claims from insurance, and based on the claims, we would have replacements. So 
this was the first block, which we were going to start our partial operations with. But this first 
block would come much after the second and third block because insurance claim and then 
getting the replacements of these machines would again take time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from AMBIT Capital. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Aryan, if you look at the larger global life sciences labware companies, say, Thermo Fisher, 
Corning, Avantor and Danaher, and if you see the CY '23 results, they have just reported about 
a 5% to 10% revenue decline, which is possibly more or less similar to even Tarsons. And even 
in CY '24, they are likely to either report a flattish sort of revenue trend or a single-digit growth 
despite being multibillion-dollar revenue enterprises. One, if you look back, I mean, are there 
any micro- or company-level factors that you plan to address that can possibly accelerate growth 
for Tarsons, and just more in terms of the demand recovery across end users industries as to 
what you're seeing even apart diagnostics? 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Right. So coming to the companies you mentioned, with the exception of Corning, which is a 
large company, which has got a significant plastic labware revenue compared to the total 
revenue, I think that would total up to almost 12.5%, 13% of the total revenues. The other 
companies like Danaher, Thermo Fisher Scientific and Avantor, their plastic labware revenue, 
which is an identical like-for-like or apple-to-apple comparison to our product line, would be 
less than 6%, 7%. So there are mainly life science companies having a lot of reagents, having a 
lot of equipment and a lot of other things. So it's not a fair comparison. 
 
But if you see the like-for-like business, I think, as I mentioned in our earlier calls, our 
performance is much better than theirs. But having said that, –you are right for these larger 
companies, their base or their revenue base will be much larger than ours. But if you look closer 
to our size in India, in Asia, maybe China, South Korea, we would find companies similar to our 
size. So looking at a like-for-like comparison with those companies and ours, same product mix, 
same revenue size would give a better idea of how we are performing in the industry as compared 
to the others. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure. And given that there have been almost 2 years in which the industry has seen a decline. So 
are you seeing, say, the smaller ones exiting the industry? Or possibly the amount of capital that 
was getting into the industry, has that sort of moderated? So any signs there? And then having 
more acquisitions happening in the industry? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Not a lot of acquisitions because as the industry, the growth is down. It's not very attractive for 
the larger companies to further invest more in these companies because they already have a lot 
of planned capex, which is unused at this point of time because of lower demand. So we don't 
see a lot of M&A activity at this point of time. Of course, we are very, very bullish about the 
industry considering our size and the amount of reach, which is available for us, the runway of 
growth available for us over the years. 
 
We are not particularly looking for an acquisition at this point of time because we've done the 
first acquisition of our company history 6 months back, so we are looking to stabilize things 
there. But in the future, if things do come, as a company, we'll definitely be interested. But 
overall, I don't see much transactions happening in the life science plastic industry globally. 
Companies shutting down, not so many in India, but I hear a lot of Chinese companies shutting 
down. But the volume of companies, which came in China was probably 100x more than what 
came in India. There were people who acted as manufacturers but are not actually manufacturers. 
So they've ceased activity, they were traders. 
 
In terms of new capital investments, I think in India, it would be pretty much 0 at this point of 
time. I don't see anyone putting in new capital into this industry. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure. That's helpful. Secondly, if you talk about your margin, let's say, on a consol level, these 
have come down to around mid 20s, I mean, if you were just for the one-offs. So what's your 
strategy? What's the management strategy to turn around the margins for the Nerbe entities? And 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
then where do you see these consol margins heading, let's say, a year or 2 when you have sort 
of stabilized that entity? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
See, we never bought Nerbe plus, we never acquired Nerbe plus based on its margins. We 
acquired Nerbe plus to see the synergistic platform, which we could get from Nerbe plus to be 
able to establish our footprint in Europe. So I think over the next 3 to 4 years, we have a lot 
moving from Tarsons into Nerbe and then from Nerbe into Europe. And that's what the whole 
goal is. We would as a company, as Tarsons on a stand-alone basis, I think we'll be able to 
maintain margins over the medium to long term as the revenues start growing because at this 
point, we're in a very transitionary phase. 
 
We are investing for a company or for a size of a company which we today currently aren't 
because of the slowdown in the industry and various other factors. But I think Tarsons over the 
medium term would continue having very, very robust financials and margins. Nerbe would also 
be very strong in the balance sheet, but would never be anywhere close to what the starts and 
standalone would be. So on a consol basis, we would be accustomed to seeing lower margins 
because of Nerbe's EBITDA margins. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure. And on your stand-alone business, while we see there has been a lot of upfronting, of cost, 
ahead of your new capacities. But as those come in, do you expect, say, further similar increase 
in your expenses? Or do you think the guidance that you had given earlier of mid-40s for the 
stand-alone business margins, I mean, does that remain intact? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
See, if you look at our business, if you look at the material margin or the gross margin, there's 
not much of an impact. So if these material margins remain, the expenses start getting lower and 
lower as the scale grows. I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be in those margins, what we 
have discussed earlier. But if the industry has slowed down or there's intense competition, only 
the gross margin gets affected. I don't see the gross margin getting affected at this point of time. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure. Just the last question on your Panchla facility. So could you call out how much of your 
capacities are being added to your existing line of products and how much is getting added to 
PCR and cell culture? And also the breakup of the capex and how much is pending. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So in Panchla, most of the capex has been executed. It may not have been completed, but most 
of the capex of Panchla has been executed. I think less than 30% is on existing products with 
capacity expansion, more than 70-odd percent is for new products, products we've never sold 
before, which we are developing for the first time. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sure. And what will be the overall capex? And how much is yet remaining to be incurred? 
Santosh Agarwal: 
So the overall capex we have incurred in Panchla is around INR300 crores [inaudible 0:21:24]. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Right. I mean including the overall capex program, I mean, if you remember, that was around 
INR550 crores to INR600 crores. So where is that remaining amount getting spent? 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Santosh Agarwal: 
So if you talk about the total capex of INR600 crores, we already spent about INR525 crores, 
and the remaining amount will be going to be incurred in next 6 months to 1 year time line. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Right now, just to understand, so you said INR300 crores for the Panchla facility, then where is 
the remaining INR300 crores getting spent? 
Santosh Agarwal: 
So there is remaining INR300 crores for the remaining plants.  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Are you also expanding in the existing pipelines? 
Santosh Agarwal: 
So we are also building Amta plant also. So one part also incurred for that, and the remaining 
part for the remaining existing plant, Jangalpur and Dhulagarh. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Jasdeep Walia from Clockvine Capital. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Sir, the base for this quarter, which is 1Q FY '24 was particularly weak for the domestic business. 
On that weak base, we have declined in this quarter. This is despite your commentary in the last 
2 quarters where you have been more sanguine on the domestic business versus the exports. And 
you've been saying that sequentially, with every quarter, there will be improvement witnessed 
in the domestic business. 
 
Also, if we look at the underlying industries, diagnostics company seem to be doing really well. 
Each of the companies is reporting 8% to 10% volume growth Y-o-Y, if you see the last quarter. 
Also, pharma industry has also been doing very well in the last year as well as in the first quarter. 
So if you could segment your sales in first quarter in India, and if you could talk about the 
reasons why we have seen such a subdued performance in first quarter in the domestic business. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So historically, the last 48, 49 years of our company existence, we've never been able to beat 
quarter 4. Quarter 4 will always be the strongest quarter domestically. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
No. I am not talking about Y-o-Y, I'm comparing against 1Q FY '24. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
From 1Q FY '24 to 1Q FY '25, our numbers are higher as a total basis, but are not as high on the 
India basis because we had a lot of onetime revenues last year in FY '24, which spilled over from 
Q4 of FY '23 into Q1 of FY '24. So what we are doing is we are receiving orders on an everyday 
basis, but we can only dispatch orders what we have availability for. But the people don't cancel 
orders if the delivery is not made at the same time. So we could have a lot of orders in March 
which we cannot fulfil, which will go in April, which will spill to the next month. People will 
not wait one full year for orders, but we do have pendings which last for 30, 35, 40 days. 
Santosh Agarwal: 
And just to add, Jasdeep, we are filling orders both from domestic and export and the 
manufacturing facility is same [inaudible 0:24:49]. So for example, in Q1 FY '25, domestic has 
done INR42 crores compared to INR45 crores of last year, and export has done INR22 crores 
compared to INR17 crores of last year. So we could have changed this combination if we have 
given them more allocation to domestic. So we should see the revenue on a total trend, not on a 
domestic and export, just on a quarterly basis. Because if you see that whole year number, then 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
we can talk about domestic to domestic and export to export. We could have changed this 
proportion if we would have allocated more to domestic and lesser in export. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Domestic business, revenues can't be a function of you dedicating capacity to either of your 
businesses because it is as per the demand, right, as per the client demand? You can't... 
Aryan Sehgal: 
It is as per client demand, but we can always dedicate our capacities. For example, exporting 
today is a big problem because of container issues, container prices, availability of vessels to 
move into the U.S., move into Europe. Exporting today in 2024 isn't as smooth as what it was 
in 2020. Today, I could have a shipment ready for U.S. or shipment ready for Europe, waiting 
20 days in my warehouse before I get a vessel availability. 
 
Earlier, I would not even have to wait 48 hours and I would have vessel availability. So my 
planning has to be where I keep a mix of both, right? So I cannot, at the end of the day, lose my 
international customers who I have built over a period of time as well. So as a company, we do 
have pending orders, and we would need to balance revenues accordingly. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
The run rate of revenues in 1Q is pretty low, and your peak sales are INR300 crores. So I'm 
assuming that there will be a lot of capacity available even in your old setup, if you exclude the 
current capex. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Absolutely. There wasn't huge revenues. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Revenues can't be a function of you having to allocate capacity, right, because there's surplus 
capacity available. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
But we are building 2,000 SKUs. So we could have capacities for products where there's no 
business, and we could not have capacity for products where there's a lot of business. Today, we 
have pending orders, but we have spare capacities as well. That is because we are running2,000 
to 2,500-SKU business. 
Santosh Agarwal: 
And just to give a data point, if you see our total revenue, total revenue increased by 3%. But in 
both domestic and export, our order book has been increasing significantly compared to last 
year. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. So overall, for domestic business, I guess, labware industry in the long term pre-COVID 
has been growing at around 12%. So should we at least see an industry growth reflected in your 
numbers in FY '25? Or there's still some time for market to recover? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
See, just to put it for you on your concerns on the domestic business, the reason Tarsons has lost 
out on revenue from INR300 crores to INR280 crores, the decline has been somewhere around 
6% to 7%. The reason for this decline is because of Tarson's strength in the domestic market. If 
Tarsons wasn't this strong in the domestic market, our decline would have been 30% to 35% just 
like the company industry average all over the world. 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
If you look at any company in the plastic labware industry, from peak COVID revenues, they 
declined, minimum has been 35%. The reason for our decline is the ability to maintain market 
share and the ability to take market share from other competitors continuously even in a low 
market in the domestic in India. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it, sir. So one of my earlier question was that do you see any particular weakness in any of 
the segments you are addressing in the India business in 1Q, which has led to this performance? 
Or it's just business as usual? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
It's absolutely business as usual. We don't see any new weaknesses. Whatever existed 
historically exists even today. So our strength and weaknesses remain unchanged in Q1 FY '25. 
Jasdeep Walia: 
No, sir, I'm just talking from your client perspective. So you have 3, 4 segments, right, 
diagnostics, pharma... 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Exactly. So that's what I'm saying. Our strengths and weaknesses across these clients, whether 
it is diagnostic, pharma, education, research, remain unchanged. It's not that we got weaker in 
some segment and much stronger somewhere else. Everything remains the same. The numbers 
are not reflective if you see the decline from INR45 crores to INR42 crores, it's not reflecting 
the correct story. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
So I have a couple of questions. So we are spending INR300 crores for logistics and storage 
facility in Amta. So out of that current facility, do we have any kind of similar facility for 
logistics and storage? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So at this point of time, we do not have. We have a logistics center in all our facilities. And in 
our main facility, we have a small logistics center where we accumulate just-in-time inventories 
to be able to ship out products internationally, specifically internationally because in 
international, generally, the shipments are consolidated in larger trucks and there are not smaller 
shipments like the way they are domestically. But the need for logistics is growing more and 
more because inventory levels are getting higher because the logistic movement internationally 
is not smooth and things have not improved. We always expected an improvement over the last 
24 months, but somehow there is some global problem on the other always since the last 2 years, 
which has made this movement highly slow and unpredictable because of which we have to 
maintain higher inventories. 
 
But the purpose of building this logistics facility was not bad. The purpose was that today, we 
are around a INR300 crores company. We just about manage and survive. But if we want to 
become a INR400 crores, INR500 crores, INR600 crores company, we don't have the 
infrastructure to do business of those volumes. And we're not spending INR300 crores in the 
logistics facility. We are spending INR300 crores in our manufacturing and growth facility, 
Panchla, as it's called. And a sizable portion of the INR300 crores, maybe around 55-, 60-odd 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
percent, about INR170 crores, INR180 crores in Amta. The rest is in the newer facilities, INR70 
crores to INR80 crores in our existing facilities. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Okay. Understood. And my next question is regarding our Nerbe acquisition. So currently, how 
much revenue do we generate from Europe? And going forward, how much do we envisage to 
grow this with the help of Nerbe distribution network? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So Nerbe is approximately a EUR 10 million company, and we hope to be able to find a lot of 
synergies to grow that robustly over the next few years. But as a company, we don't really give 
our distribution into particular countries in Europe. We don't really disclose that. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Okay. Sir, any ballpark number that we can achieve going forward through this synergy? So any 
ballpark number, like can we grow it to 5x, 6x? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
The endeavour is to grow it to that level, but we will have to wait and watch how our 
manufacturing synergies and their customer synergies can get together. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Ridhima Goyal from Acquaint Bee Ventures. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
My question is related to this new acquisition, which you have done, that is Nerbe. So I just 
wanted to understand why there has been such a drop in the gross margin measure also? And 
what is the scope of improvement in the new acquisition part? Like can we improve their margins 
by 1%, 2% or it could be higher? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So for us, the major focus over the next 2 to 3 years is to be able to ensure how we can grow our 
revenues through Nerbe while maintaining Nerbe to be profitable. I think being a distributor, 
having the kind of gross margins they have is quite impressive. At this point of time, I think 
they've been able to generate those kind of gross margins is because they've been able to build a 
brand identity for themselves in Europe and not just buy and sell other branded products. So at 
this point of time, I'm not very concerned about the Nerbe margins. What we are looking to drive 
over the next 2 to 3 years is how we can build our European business through Nerbe. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
So we are not very much concerned about the margin part? On a consolidation, we can expect 
these margins? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Yes. If you look at life science companies, in the plastic segment in Europe, I don't think there'll 
be a lot of companies at 47%, 48% gross margins. 
Santosh Agarwal: 
And you know, Nerbe is a trader. It's not a manufacturer. So Nerbe already had a margin in 
between 8% to 12%, so they cannot have the margin lag 45%, 46% like in manufacturing 
company. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Understood. So 10% to 12% is what we can expect from the Nerbe one, EBITDA... 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Absolutely. And if we add more value-added products, it could go up. It all depends. It's very 
difficult to put a number 3 years, 4 years down the line, especially in a geography like Europe, 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
where its very dynamic at this point of time. A lot of changes, a lot of global upheaval happening 
all over the place. So it's not very easy to pinpoint on something so specific over the next 3 to 4 
years. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Understood. And also on the stand-alone part, we have seen a gross margin decline by around 
mid 3%. So what is the reason for that? Are we seeing any pricing pressure on our products in 
the domestic part or maybe overall part? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
See, the market is competitive. I would not really go on to say pricing pressure, but the market 
is competitive. The demands have been low over the last 2 years, the supplies have been high. 
So of course, people like to push more product, but I won't say pricing pressure per se. Change 
of product mix as well, a lot of high-margin products like the PCRs and the liquid handling have 
lower demand in the market. 
 
So that brings some of the gross margins down. And then when you start building new products, 
you have to discount those products for people to try it for the first time, because if you don't 
have any history or leverage on those products and people don't trust you for those products or 
they don't trust your brand for those products, there's always an introductory cost. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
But the new product contribution would be led to your overall revenue. So that must not be the 
major contribution to the decline in the gross margin. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
No, I just listed all the factors for you. It's a mix which brought it to 3% down. There's a change 
in product mix. There's a market scenario and the introduction of new products. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Understood. And one last question I needed to ask was, since we are seeing that the Panchla 
plant will start contributing from second half of FY '25. So when can you see the around 50%, 
60% of capacity utilization level from the Panchla plant or maybe the major contribution to your 
top line? When will it start? What is the time line? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
So it's all a function of how the market reacts and how quickly we can capture businesses 
globally and in India. I think global would play a very important role because the Panchla facility 
is so large with such huge capacities. The global market would have to play a very big role 
compared to India. But having said that, we could have installed 100% of our capacities over 
November, December of this year. But due to a major machinery problem in transit, that would 
be delayed further. So I think over the next 8 to 9 months or maybe 10 months, all our machinery 
would be installed, but most of our machinery will be installed within the next 5, 6 months. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Okay. So we can expect 6 months to 8 months for the... 
Aryan Sehgal: 
All machine installations, yes. So whatever we have planned, this capex of INR550-odd crores, 
all that would be delivered and installed. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
And the top line contribution will start post that? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Absolutely. 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Ashutosh Parashar from Mirabilis Investment Trust. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
So Aryan, if I understood correctly, you said earlier that the plastic labware industry in itself 
would have declined by 30% to 35% until Q1 -- in this quarter at least. So if we compare this 
against the glassware labware industry, so what do you think was the decline there? Because if 
I see the Borosil Scientific division, they are still reporting double-digit growth. So is it like the 
glass segment is, again, taking back market share from the plastics segment? And what do you 
see is the context of the industry right now? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
I don't really follow the glass industry very well, but what I understand about the company you 
are talking about, they've had at least 2 or 3 acquisitions and new entities launched over the last 
2 years or 3 years. So I think it's a -- you're looking at it at a consolidated level, but what I hear 
from distributors around in India because all distributors are common, they don't only sell plastic, 
they sell plastic, glass chemical. I don't see a very strong glass industry in the country, in India 
at least. Internationally, I don't have much idea. 
 
And regarding the decline in the plastic labware industry, what I said was, in one of my earlier 
answers was that if you compare similar companies from Asia, having similar product mix as 
Tarsons and similar revenue basis as Tarsons, their revenue would have declined to the tune of 
30% to 35% from the peak revenue of COVID, which was FY '22. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Okay. Got it. And on the international piece, you said that you are participating in a lot of RFQs 
and global tenders. So typically, what kind of success rates are we seeing here? And should we 
expect to see some sort of realization creeping in from this from the second half this year or 
maybe next year? 
Aryan Sehgal: 
This is how we won our earlier businesses as well. At least in the OEM segment, it's all a function 
of RFQs. So hopefully, these are long-drawn processes. It's not that they have an RFQ today, 
and in 2 weeks, I know that I'm the winner or not for the RFQ. But hopefully, over quarter 3 and 
quarter 4, we hope to win more businesses, and that's the only way for us to scale up our 
international business and be able to utilize more of our upcoming capacities. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
So these suppliers would not have started yet based on whatever wins we have had in the last, 
say, 1 or 2 quarters. So these suppliers would not have started yet? And they are expected to start 
maybe from H2 or next year for... 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Yes, absolutely. We keep having certain wins here and there. But we're looking to bid for even 
bigger businesses as we have larger capacities on board over the next 2 quarters. And hopefully, 
we could have some significant turnarounds. 
Ashutosh Parashar: 
Okay. Got it. And just lastly on Nerbe. So are there any changes that you have done post 
acquisition that you could highlight? Or we are still kind of let it run as it was being run earlier 
also? So if you... 

 
 
Tarsons Products Limited 
 
 
August 16, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Aryan Sehgal: 
Absolutely. Absolutely, let it run how it was, make no changes in their structure, in their 
functioning in their team, and run it as in a complete independent entity but, at the same time, 
working very closely with their team to be able to understand their product mix better, to be able 
to see what value we can add to the existing product mix and to device strategies on how we can 
leverage all our new product introductions with Nerbe for the European market. 
Moderator: 
The next question will be from the line of Lokesh Siva Mondreti from IBM. Please go ahead. 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
So I just wanted to know about the current debt level and what is our average cost of debt? 
Santosh Agarwal: 
So the current debt currently is about to INR270 crores is the current debt. And our average 
interest rate is coming around at 8.25% or 8.3%, something like that. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
So we didn't have any increase in debt from March level, right? 
Santosh Agarwal: 
We are taking the additional debt, but we are also repaying debt. So on a nutshell, currently,our 
debt is ranging in between INR260 crores to INR270 crores, something like that. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Yes. So what would be the peak debt going forward? 
Santosh Agarwal: 
So the peak debt going forward, so far, we have forecasted should not get and go beyond INR300 
crores because we are doing the repayment also. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Okay. Understood. And can you also provide the number that you have said that you have an 
order book? So can you provide a number? Any broad guideline towards that number that we 
have... 
Santosh Agarwal: 
As a company, we don't give any kind of order guidance or any kind of order detail, because 
until unless it's reflected into the sales and we execute, we don't disclose the number at the 
company level. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
And even if we get the orders, we never disclose details on the type of order, the value of order, 
who the customer is. We won't do that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Aryan Sehgal: 
I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. We will keep updating the investor 
community on a regular basis for incremental updates on our company. I hope we have been 
able to address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with us or SGA, 
our Investor Relations advisors. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of AMBIT Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
