 
 
            August 14, 2024 
 
    To, 
 
To, 
BSE LIMITED  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
'G' Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street,  
Bandra East,  
Mumbai- 400 001  
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 524091  
Trading Symbol: CARYSIL 
 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on 
August 09, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call for the Un-Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2024 held on Friday, August 09, 2024 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For CARYSIL LTD.  
 
 
 
REENA SHAH 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Reena 
Tejas Shah
Digitally signed by 
Reena Tejas Shah 
Date: 2024.08.14 
14:37:25 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Carysil Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2024 
  
 
 
 
  
 
        
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th August 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHIRAG PAREKH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. ANAND SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  
SGA - INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Carysil Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on beliefs, opinion and expectation of the company as on the date of 
this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Parekh, Chairman and Managing Director, Carysil 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for the Carysil 
Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. I trust you had an opportunity to review our 
financial results and investor presentation, both available on the company's website and on stock 
exchanges. 
 
Mr. Anand Sharma, our Executive Director and group CFO, and SGA, our investor relations 
advisors, are joining me on this call. At Carysil, we believe that every great product has the 
potential to be even greater. This commitment fuels our relentless pursuit of innovation and 
excellence in the kitchen sink market, which encompasses both quartz and stainless-steel sinks. 
We continuously strive to surpass our own benchmark in product design, asthetics, functionality 
and durability, ensuring that each product offers outstanding value. A dedication to quality and 
innovation has earned us a distinguished reputation, not only within our home country, but also 
across more than 55 countries around the world. 
 
Carysil was established in 1987and we began design manufacturing quartz kitchen sink. Over  
the years, we have grown significantly, expanding our product range under the Carysil brand to 
include a diverse range of products, including stainless sinks, kitchen appliances, food waste 
disposers, faucets and kitchen services. 
 
Sternhagen premier bathroom brand stands for the luxury and bath experiences, known for the 
advanced technology and sophisticated designs. Sternhagen washbasins are made from high 
strength composite quartz offering, both durability and elegance, to drive the brand growth and 
elevate its market position. We have appointed Mr. Rakesh Nair to oversee its development. 
 
 We have achieved success in the US, UK, European markets, Carysil is now entering into the 
new markets like Turkey, Australia, Vietnam, Croatia, etcetera. A positive sign is the increasing 
number of customers acknowledging reputation as a brand value innovation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
We recently completed our successful QIP, raising INR125 crores, this fund will be allocated to 
expand manufacturing capacity, acquiring new moulds for our existing customers, to increase 
quartz sink business as well as for the manufacturing lines of appliances, faucets and fabrication. 
 
These funds will also support brand-building initiatives to strengthen our domestic business and 
to meet working capital requirements for sales growth. This initiative enable us to stay ahead of 
industry trends and capitalize on the growing opportunities in home  renovation market driven 
by higher quality standards. We are pleased to inform that in spite of ongoing challenges in the 
Red Sea, container availability issues and longer sailing times, our total income still grew by 
42% Y-o-Y to INR202 crores. 
 
Our business in the US and UK remain strong, with an increasing demand from existing 
customers, signaling positive plans. Europe continues to face persistent challenges due to high 
inflation, interest cost and geopolitical issues. 
 
We are adding new customers to our portfolio and working on securing larger clients who are 
currently in the pipeline. By actively engaging with these prospective clients and catering 
approach to meet their specific needs. We are confident that  these opportunities will soon evolve 
into substantial partnerships. We believe that these new alliances will enhance our market share 
and drive growth andincrease wallet share. 
 
In our domestic businesses, we are focusing on social media marketing campaigns to reach 
younger generation deep in our market, penetrate existing products. We are developing new 
range of models of quartz sinks and appliances. 
 
Our faucet sales have shown high growth potential after setting up the assembly line in factory. 
We are also in the process setting up  an integrated kitchen top fabrication businesses in line 
with the US, UK subsidiaries on a pilot basis. We also recently signed a contract with is Ms. 
Mira Kapoor for our new Carysil campaign, which is going to take place this month. 
 
Coming to our subsidiary division, Carysil Products Limited and Carysil Surfaces Limited is 
experiencing consistent growth in the UK market. We are confident that the positive trend will 
persist, driven by our  strategic initiatives and  market positioning. The Integration of our U.S. 
entity, United Granite LLC advancing smoothly and we're starting to see some improvement. 
We are nearing the EBITDA level breakeven in this company. 
 
Our UAE subsidiary  is also progressing well. We anticipate continued improvement in our 
financial performance as we improve our operations and optimize our core structure. 
Additionally, this quarter, we began operations in Turkey. 
We are taking calibrated actions and strategy- involves a gradual scaling operations, including 
market analysis and applying our existing expertise, ensuring smooth market penetration and 
steady development. Overall, we are happy and optimistic about the future prospects of our 
overseas subsidiaries and are executing strategies that will drive long-term value creation and 
sustainable growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Before turning it over to Mr. Anand Sharma, I want to emphasize that the key driver of our 
progress is an efficient workforce and effective operations management. We have a passionate, 
skilled, and confident team to maintain a smooth functioning and productive work environment. 
These expertise plays a crucial role in developing products that propel us to become a 
multinational brand. 
With this, I would like to ask Mr. Anand Sharma to update you on the company's financial 
performance. Thank you. 
Anand Sharma: 
Thank you sir. Good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the company's consolidated 
financial performance. Quarter 1 FY '25 performance, sales volume for Quartz sinks stood at 
1,55,230 units. Stainless steel sinks stood at 37,759 units, and kitchen appliances,  faucets, FWD, 
and others stood at 13,751 units in Q1 FY '25. Consolidated total revenue stood at INR202.3 
crores from Q1 FY '25, grew by 41.7% year-on-year. 
 
EBITDA for quarter 1 FY '25 stood at INR37.1 crores, grew by 37% year-on-year. EBITDA 
margin for quarter 1 FY '25 stood at 18.3%. There is a marginal impact of integration of our U.S. 
subsidiary, United Granite LLC and the increase in export freight costs due to Red sea and 
container availability issues on the quarter 1 FY '25 EBITDA margin. 
 
Profit after tax & after the minority interest stood at INR15.9 crores in Q1 FY '25, grew by 36% 
on year-on-year basis. Our consolidated net working capital days stood at 58 days as of 30th 
June 2024 as compared to 77 days in FY '24. Our consolidated net debt stood at INR272 crores 
as on 30th June 2024. 
Thank you. Now I open the floor for question and answers. Over to the operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Harsh Shah from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Harsh Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions from my side. So firstly, on the gross margin 
front, if you could help us understand the volatility. Is it all due to the change in the product mix 
or how is it? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, it is the product mix which is also one of the things, but it's also due to the higher freight 
cost as our Executive Directors, said earlier, the Red Sea crisis, the freights have gone quite high. 
It's a mix of product mix and  freight cost. 
Harsh Shah: 
So I asked this question because I remember in the last con call, you mentioned that our US sales 
were higher. So at that time in Q4, our gross margins have increased substantially. So I just 
wanted to check whether is it a case wherein, sequentially, we have seen some drop in the sales 
of US? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, so our US sales have been consistent. Last time, yes, there was a change in the product mix. 
Now Howdens the new UK customer has come in. We're not too much dependent on old 
customers. So that's the same mix what we have. And the major impact is because of the freight 
cost. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Secondly, on the QIP. So I was going through the QIP document wherein you 
mentioned that of INR125-odd crores that we are raising, somewhere around INR66-odd crores 
would be incurred for capex. So could you help us understand the incremental capacity addition 
kind of revenue we can generate? And when can we see that contributing to our numbers? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think you -- Anand Sharma can always share with you, and you can also go through the 
mandate of what we have done for the QIP, where the funds are going to be allocated, that's one. 
Number two is, as I had mentioned also earlier, we are using this funds to drive the growth. We 
have been looking for some opportunities, which can realize -- and for that, we will need funds 
for growth as you can already see the momentum picking up in revenue. 
 
So yes, things are in pipeline. There could be realizations. And for that, we need funds to expand 
our activities. We also mentioned that our utilization of the quartz sink capacity has grown from  
60%  to 70% right now. We also have got some new orders for the stainless steel sinks. 
We are also going to use these funds for the new division of built in appliances since there is 
BIS on  most of the appliances, which is, I think, good for us. We have a massive opportunity 
coming up for OEMs and B2C. They also put up the new faucet factory. We're going to use 
these funds. So yes, we're mostly going to use  these fund to drive our growth forward. 
Harsh Shah: 
This INR66-odd crores would be only for capacity addition, am I correct? And nothing for 
inorganic? 
Chirag Parekh: 
It is for capacity expansion and to the -- like I said, it is in a mandate for faucets, built in 
appliances, fabrications, nothing for inorganic, yes. 
Harsh Shah: 
Got it. And any sort of figure that you have in mind, how much revenue this could generate? 
And then could you kind of see this getting realized in terms of when we could see this capacity 
getting on stream? That would be helpful. 
Chirag Parekh: 
I would say that you have been seeing on quarter-on-quarter, there has been nervousness that the 
U.S. is not doing well, U.K. market, how the company is going to do, but in spite of all the 
challenges you have seen that your company has moved forward, we have had a challenging 
time, but we are still moving forward. We are rapidly expanding our product portfolio, our 
market presence, and geographically expansion. So that today, at least, we have been able to 
reach INR800 crores run rate. 
 
So I think we don't want to leave any ball unturned. As we got to move fast we see opportunities 
we're going to do. And I think we've got to move forward. As of now, I think we are going at a 
rate of INR800 crores plus run rate which is about $100 million. And I think we are quite 
optimistic. While the challenges lies, geopolitical situation and the crisis, which is some external 
factors, which are beyond our control. 
 
And also one last thing I want to say is that we are strengthening a lot of our efforts now to build 
the India business model. I said this last time, we had a good growth in this quarter-on-quarter 
on India business. With all these new models coming in the QIP money getting used, we are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 6 of 16 
 
very confident there's a lot of opportunities for the B2C and also for some OEM manufacturing 
for built-in appliances and faucets. 
Harsh Shah: 
Got it. And lastly, any outlook on the debt reduction part for this year and next year, if it's 
possible to give? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Anand, you want to answer this, please? 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes. Harsh, we got this fund for the growth of the company. Anything and everything what is 
required for the growth, we are going to utilize it. The objective is not to reduce the debt, but to 
grow the company with whatever requirements for the capex, working capital support and the 
brand building required. 
Harsh Shah: 
So is it fair to assume that the finance cost that is reflecting in the P&L for Q1 should continue 
for the rest of the year? Or is there any plan of increasing the same? Yes. That was my last 
question. 
Anand Sharma: 
So as I said, the idea is to reduce the debt organically what has come from our cash flow, not 
with this QIP fund. So whatever comes after the repayment, what is all going on and whatever 
accrual we have, there will be some reflection of reduction in finance cost, but not from the QIP 
fund. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Sir, my question is on the quartz revenue. So if you look at it for the last 3, 4 quarters, essentially 
the run rate is around INR90-odd crores. And that is what has come back after the inventory 
correction. So there has been a comeback, which we have seen in the last four quarters. But what 
I'm trying to understand is from here on, in terms of the primary demand, how is it looking for 
us right now? What kind of growth are we seeing in the end market? Now that the inventory 
issues are behind us. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So I'm again saying that there's a good momentum the company has picked up for India 
and for the exports market. We are also in pipeline for some breakthroughs. We have been able 
to now reach at a run rate of INR800 crores plus. It's part of all the challenges, geopolitical and 
the economy inflation, etcetera, are challenges. So we are right now quite optimistic, bullish on 
what the growth forward because the rate what we're expanding our product range, our 
geographic expansion. So while I say it, we are optimistic -- we also have to see that there are a 
lot of geopolitical issues and global challenges, which we are to face. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vaidik from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Vaidik: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I just have two questions. Firstly, on the quartz sink 
side, this quarter, we grew both in volume as well as value terms. So currently, we are at 1,55,000 
run rate. So by the end of the year, where do you see this number going through? Can we achieve 
the FY'22 volume numbers of 6,50,000 this quarter? And can we surpass it in this year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Chirag Parekh: 
So as I have already mentioned, we are already up at 70% plus. That would be going at the same 
run rate. It would be about 700,000 sinks plus. So, in all likelihood, it looks that we'll be crossing 
the '22 numbers. 
Vaidik: 
Okay, sir, you recently mentioned in your opening remarks that you have tied up -- that you have 
tied up with two other -- you've got some two new contracts. So can you just repeat from whom? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I did not mention contracts. 
Vaidik: 
Okay, sir. And sir, lastly on the revenue front, you said that we are on a run rate of around 
INR800 crores. But sir, earlier, we had a target of INR1,000 crores. So is there any reduction in 
our guidance or can you just guide us through?  
Chirag Parekh: 
You see What has happened is that, due to the global challenges we are 
facing, we have been very cautious and watchful in our approach, 
particularly with regard to making aggressive investments, ? So it is just that 
the current first quarter, INR800 crores run rate is good. We are just carefully looking at the 
situations. 
 
We're very optimistic that the kind of the breakthroughs what we are getting should be realized 
very soon. Because of the uncertainty across the world, some of them, you can understand that 
some of the realizations in the collaborations or in terms of the partnership, study partnership, it 
may take time. So it is -- if it is, but we are expecting that on quarter-on-quarter, we expect our 
run rate to improve… 
 
So If -- I mean, if you got a situation and Red Sea crisis and people start getting more confident 
about the -- is about the economies across the world. The US elections go well. And if everything 
goes well -- I mean, I don't see no reason why by end of this year, we will not be able to start 
hitting close to the INR1,000 crores run rate. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Yes. Sir, firstly, on the realization front of quartz sinks. So we have seen is the blended 
realization when you look at it being around 5,900 odd. So this is at a multi-quarter low. So is it 
because you are gaining new market share? Or is it because of product mix? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, again, this is change of the product mix. So whenever you have a bit of product mix, which 
always varies quarter-to-quarter. But I think it's still a great for piece of realization, what we had 
a few years back. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
And sir, in presentation, I guess you have mentioned that the contract with Reece Australia and 
Howdens UK So are these some new contracts or these are the existing ones that have been 
renewed, which you have specified? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, these are absolutely new contracts. Fresh contract, they're going to bring in fresh revenue to 
the company. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
So could you give some more colour as to what will be the tenure and like the previous contract 
that you had extended for other companies where you had mentioned the INR500 crores contract 
for next five years. Anything material on these two new names? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Well, I think we  had mentioned in absolute numbers because we need to be aware about the 
secrecy of all the contracts. But these are quite large sized contracts, which you can already see 
in the Q1 how the revenue was shaped. So which will help us to build our planned capacity 
moving forward. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Pertaining to quartz sinks, is my understanding correct? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. quartz sinks. We are going to start with the quartz sinks and then they're going to start with 
the stainless steel sinks too. Yes. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
And sir, lastly, when you are entering these new geographies like you say, Turkey, Australia and 
etcetera, so if you can, what is the plan in these nations that you will have to go with new 
customers to come on board or it will be directly you selling through some new distributors 
because... 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, this is -- completely B2C strategy. We're going to promote our brand. We want to do our 
distribution network, we're going to have our team, we're going to have our own infrastructure. 
So I think that's what the new strategy is that we want to start building our own brand in GCC 
and Turkish market. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
And sir, on the UK subsidiary and also the US company that we had acquired, do you see that 
the material improvement could only happen in -- come FY '26, maybe because of the 
geopolitical tension and also with elections due in US, you might see some subdued performance 
to continue over there? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I believe that last time I saidthat we have kind of  the home improvement sector, overall, as 
I think probably you can see we are kind of excelling in our growth, doing some great numbers 
in spite of the worst ever home improvement situation, any sectors at this point of time because 
high inflation, high market rates and all these challenges on the Red Sea crisis, we can only see 
that this can only go up further now. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
And sir, just last question, if I may, in corporate like when you say that you are focusing on the 
India side, and I mean this has been your focus area for the last 2, 2.5 years or so now. So the 
contribution right now is around 18% post all the news -- inorganic growth that we have done. 
So is there a number in mind as India should be x percentage of our pie? Or is it dependent on 
something else? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So I think this has always and I also said it earlier that we would like to shape up and our 
vision is to be a INR300 crores company in five years’ time. And I think we completely believe 
in India story. India is probably one of the most resilient economies at this point of time. Many 
opportunities are there in ‘Make in India’. There are a lot of tailwinds at this point of time 
because of the China plus strategy. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
We can already see some opportunities in a very, very advanced stage, which can take an 
advantage over China. And so we believe that we need to expand our bandwidth, which we are 
already doing. We are inducting a lot of new teams. We are planning to substantially expand our 
sales team. We kind of substantially expand our distribution channels across India. 
And we're going to add a lot of new products to the Indian market with use of QIP funds to excel 
our growth in India. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. You mentioned domestic demand is picking up, like our 
domestic revenues are muted quarter-over-quarter, even though we almost doubled down the 
number of distributors, but till now, we are not seeing the results there. I asked a similar question 
last quarter also, but you mentioned there will be growth of 20% in domestic revenues this year. 
But still, if you look at the Q1 numbers, Q1 is muted. So I agree there are challenges in the global 
demand. But as you already mentioned, India is having the tailwind. So kindly help us to 
understand where exactly we are going wrong? Is it the demand issue or what exactly the 
situation is, sir? So that is my first question. 
Chirag Parekh: 
See, my first reaction to this is that, I don't know, the -- compared to other industries in our home 
improvement, you've seen the demand is muted. There is softness in the market. As far as our 
numbers are concerned, we have, I think, Anand, how much growth we have posted in domestic 
market Q1? 
Anand Sharma: 
16% year-on-year basis. 
Chirag Parekh: 
16%? 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So to answer to this gentleman that in spite of the softness and muted demand in India at 
this point of time, and we have seen related industries where the demand has softened and has 
gone down. At the same time, we have shown an increase in performance by 16% growth over 
last year. So I think I would like to also again say that the quartz sinks, the fundamental, the 
quartz sinks, I think that's a great product. 
The market share across the world is increasing. People are referring that. Number two is Carysil 
is in position as a premium product. We are not at the mass selling. We also have seen that the 
reason of this growth is because we have been targeting more premium counters. And I think 
moving forward, too, I think we would be improving our marketing campaign up our innovation 
is towards the premium product lines. 
And I think moving forward, we see that the demand is going to increase for the premium 
product lines for kitchen category. As per se, even if the quantity doesn't grow, but the value per 
piece will go up. So we are quite confident of the strategy moving forward. The first quarter, 
we've shown good with  good results. And I think moving forward, we  believes  in our strategy. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 10 of 16 
 
We're going to use this QIP money. Like I said, for various verticals, new models, and I think 
we are pretty confident and expanding our bandwidth and distribution channels across India. 
Garvit Goyal: 
I think you are talking Y-o-Y, but I was talking about Q-on-Q basis. So that's fine. Secondly, 
sir, you mentioned about Reece Australia, Howdens U.K. contact. So how much they 
contributing Q1 FY'25? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So both these contracts put together, I think there is some substantial number, which you are 
already seeing in quarter 1. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And any guidance for FY'25, sir? like INR1000 crores is not looking possible for now due to 
headwinds going on. So any number? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I would believe that we have, if not INR1,000 crores, we have $100 million, right? Getting a 
running rate of INR1,000 crores if things go well. And with the external factors, which are 
beyond our control, things go well, I don't see any reason why it has not hitg the run rate of close 
to INR1,000 crores by end of the year, but things needs to go well, there are some external 
factors which are not in our control. But at least we are happy that we are moving towards $100 
million run rate at this point of time. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay, thank you very much and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Saboo from Nippon AIF. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Just started earlier in the call you mentioned that you know our strategy for Middle East and 
GCC would involve building out our teams and acting as B2C. So are we retain to, for example, 
have we already hired people and workforce for that? Or are we going to acquire a local 
distributor or how will the general strategy be? And when can we expect the cost for these same 
to fluid? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So we have put the distributors in place. We have started building our team. Like in UAE, we 
have already started revenue coming in. We are targeting close to about $1 million of revenue 
just in UAE. We see some good revenue. We do some good cash flows. Turkey is something, 
which is still we are building now. So we'll see how that turns out in the coming quarters. 
 
But I think we are shaping up our business in UAE and almost from zero to B2C brand, we plan 
to build close to $1 million brand at this year. I think that will give us a lot of confidence to move 
forward and more penetration into this GCC reason. We have showroom in Dubai on the Sheikh 
Zayed Road, our showroom right and which is attracting a lot of customers and B2B clients. 
 
We have new showroom approximately 3,000 square foot coming up in Muscat, so that Muscat 
market also, we are expanding. We have a good team in place. We have put Mr. Shrenik Chopra, 
who's the Vice President Exports, under his leadership, he's trying to create this whole team in 
UAE and Turkey. A few of the recruitments have already been done. The others are work in 
progress. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
Congrats on decent set of numbers. Sir, regarding the overall margin outlook, there has been -- 
as you already mentioned, there are many issues regarding the Red Sea and higher freight cost. 
And we hear that it might continue for at least a few quarters. Do you think this current margin 
run rate is because we have seen some impact, right? We have gone down to close to 17.8% on 
a consolidated basis. So do you think that this could go down further? Or do you think that we 
can improve from just your views. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think you gave a good question. I think people are asking me there's a lot on the margin 
side. In spite of all these challenges, I think, yes, we are at probably the lower end of the 
guidance, what we have said because of the factors and some product mix. But I think we are 
very confident about the new strategy moving forward with new customers, the new products 
what we are going to create is going to result into only higher gross margins of the company. 
 
Secondly, our CIF is only less than 10% of our total revenue. So we have been able to curtail 
that down more on an FOB side. So I believe that moving forward, new customers and with the 
new premium product range, I think this should only help us to probably improve our margins 
moving forward. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And sir, is it possible that while this -- the CIF ratio is on the lower side. Is it possible to pass on 
this higher cost to the customers? Or we have to bear this cost even going forward? 
Chirag Parekh: 
We have been maintaining and that's why we are at about 18% margin. So we have been doing, 
and it needs to be done gradually, slowly, yes, but it is. We are going to pass it on. At the same 
time, we need to see that. We do not want to loose customers and also get into competition. We 
got to do it very smartly. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Got it. And sir, lastly, I think you sort of alluded to this point. But on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
we are now seeing some improvement on the subsidiary side. If I see from INR86 crores, we 
have gone to somewhere around INR100 crores, and I think it's also because partly United LLC 
has sort of picked up. 
 
That's what my assumption is. So are we seeing now the true actually, the value of this business 
coming to the fore? Or this is just initial signs and you might see much further on a subsidiary 
level, a higher quarterly revenue run rate? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Are you're talking about U.S. business? 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, I'm talking about the overall subsidiaries business. So when I do console minus standalone, 
we used to do INR86 crores of run rate for fourth quarter, which has now gone to INR100 crores. 
And we are doing INR85 crores, INR86 crores for the last 2 quarters... 
Chirag Parekh: 
Correct. Yes. So overall subsidiaries. So again, I'm saying this thing, the U.K. team has planned, 
what do you call a foolproof strategy, a great foolproof strategy by taking on a market share of 
our biggest competition. There have been figures, which have come out of our competition. I 
don't want to say it on the call, but you can see it yourself. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
Everybody’s sales have declined. And I think we have to thank for that. We have taken our 
market share of the biggest of the biggest. I think they've done a fantastic job. I think we have 
emerged as a number to kitchen sink players in the U.K. market. That's one. Number 2 is that 
with the new acquisitions, we've been able to take advantage of the massive cross-selling 
opportunity. We've added a lot of customers. 
 
So I think the strategy has worked out very well. Coming on the U.S. side, yes, the U.S. is 
probably a seasonal business on the fabrication worktops, the first ever home improvement like 
I said, I go to the U.S., I see people talking. This is probably the first  quarter we have seen in 
the U.S., and this has been gradually picking up. 
 
So what I honestly believe that the moving forward with the new contracts in pipeline with the 
new growth initiatives on distributing kitchen sink under our brand, and a lot of adding new 
products, new customers, we believe that this can only help us to take us forward from here. I 
doubt that any depletion and the margin can happen any more than this, unless there is any   
external factors. If something goes ridiculously. I mean that's not under my control then. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Got it, sir. And just one last point, sorry. Anandji, I missed the working capital cycle for the first 
quarter. Could you please help me with that? 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes. So working capital on the Consolidated basis we have net-working capital is 58 days as 
compared to last year, 77 days. So we have improved on inventory, receivables and payable for 
all. It has improved compared to last year. 
Nikhil Gada: 
That's really great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yug Patel from Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Yug Patel: 
So my first question is regarding the kitchen appliances. So a couple of quarters back, you had 
guided a growth of 20% to 25% of the growth. So, but last year, as we see the volumes on 
growth, it's almost flattish. So what's your view on -- because if you see the competitors, they 
are reporting a good side of growth on that. 
Chirag Parekh: 
All right. So I think on the built-in appliances side, you're absolutely right the growth has been 
flat. We since we are not an electronics company, we are not a dominant player in India. It's 
more like a one-stop solution, what we are doing, where while we have seen a growth but again 
on the same time that the markets we are quite muted and soft and that has kind of pulled us 
back. 
 
The new launch of the appliances pre-Diwali and with the new showrooms, which we are 
opening up this will help us to further build the appliances sales. You will not see anything to 
something the sharp increase but there will be an increases because a lot of the imports are going 
to stop now because BIS certification going on and the expansion of what we are doing in the 
built-in appliances is mostly not just in India but also some OEM opportunity, which we have 
to build. So we are quite bullish on the appliances side. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
The India side, we are coming with a new strategy to sell our appliances with a different business 
model. And this business model, which we have been working on till now, has always seen flat 
revenue, which I agree with. So we have to do some shakeups. We did do shakeups from the 
marketing side. We did do shake up from the team side. We need to do shakeups from our 
distribution strategy side. So I think once this has happened pre-Diwali, we'll be able to see 
moving quarters the appliances sales moving forward. 
Yug Patel: 
Yes. And on the secondly, if we have to talk about the quartz side, historically, it has always 
been the major contributing segment to the revenue. But as we know that this Freight rate cost 
has been increasing and the global economy been facing issues. So how do you see the company 
focus moving ahead with the quartz? Are we looking for the fabrication business to be a major 
part of the revenue going ahead? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So let me  just tell you some good news on the quartz side and to all those people who are 
engaged in this call today. And I'm saying this again, please believe in this quartz story, this is 
the next big thing happening in the kitchen sink industry. When we are saying that I think in the 
last quarter also, nobody believed that we're going to start up about $100 million run rate right 
and I think that's be honest, nobody thought. We're moving forward. We're signing contracts. 
 
They have been large part of contracts, which are on the way in the pipeline. We are to 
understand one thing is that when you are one of those 4, 5 companies in the world having a 
facility in India and where you see this 4 million to 5 million sinks even with the slowdown in 
global by 20%, 25%. Let's start to say about 4 million sinks. Out of the 4 million sinks, we are 
manufacturing about 700,000 sinks. So there's still a massive opportunity for us going forward, 
even in the market in its needed. 
 
But the quartz sinks market has been very stable. The quartz sinks demand has been quite 
consistent, and that's why we are able to see that. Moving forward, our competition is going to 
get expensive from their side. And we believe that this -- the traction in our business by 
expanding our new customer base, I think it's going to be quite significant. 
Yug Patel: 
And lastly, sir, on the inorganic. And are you looking for any inorganic growth opportunities 
moving ahead? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Right now, like I said, that we plan our focus to grow organically. We want to expand our quartz 
sinks. We've seen some great tracks coming in. We also see some great opportunities in the 
faucets, built-in appliances. As of now, we want to build the India story, and we would like to 
focus on the verticals, which we have just started. So I think we don't want to see any inorganic 
opportunity at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment 
Advisors. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
So regarding the capex, I think we had done some INR20 crores of capex in the appliance and 
faucet that was completed or it is still under implementation? 
Chirag Parekh: 
That is still under implementation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
So Phase 1 whether it's completed, sir, Phase 2 is under.. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Phase 1 is done. We already started about capacity of 50,000 faucets a year.. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay. so any other the capex is use other than the Phase 2  
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So we are, I think, clearly quite mentioned in our QI -- QR mandate where we will use the 
funds. I think by end of the quarter, you'll have some more light on where the money investment 
where it's going to be used. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Adukia from AK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Adukia: 
I want to understand the domestic business, when you say 5 years, you will be making INR300 
crores of revenue -- that is from currently INR140 crores you are saying that it will take 5 years? 
Or what is the target? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So first, I would like to say that we all actually have a vision. We have to achieve the vision to 
something, aspire to be INR300 crores. And I think the run rate what we are going -- Anand, we 
did about how much domestic sales quarter 1? 
Anand Sharma: 
INR36 crores. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So INR36 crores is after about INR150 crores run rate. So moving forward with this QIP fund 
what we're going to start using it, we are going to get slowly on quarter-on-quarter, we started 
hitting a INR200 crores run rate by next year. So if you're able to hit the INR200 crores run rate 
there by next year, we are very optimistic then we will to reach this goal of INR300 crores by 5 
years' time. 
Adukia: 
Okay. So on the revenue side, you think if you take 5 years from INR150 crores to INR300 
crores of revenue. Not run rate but.. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. We have the aspiration to grow the India business. If you have to build a 1-day $100 million 
business in India and you have to see that within the 5 years, we need to start doing around 
INR300 crores. So we need to start believing in the India story now and we need to start using 
this QIP funds to see that India story shapes up. I mean, there are some external factors, market 
we get muted softer something goes wrong there's not something beyond our control, that's a 
separate story but the company wants to believe in how we shape up the India story. 
Adukia: 
But just to understand this perspective domestic why I think that currently we are hitting INR120 
crores, or INR140 crores and to double we will be taking I think 4 years roughly you are saying. 
And you are targeting to the premium segment in which the real estate market is going well. And 
why it would take -- I mean, why aren't we aggressive, I would say in achieving INR300 crores 
of revenue in 2 to 3 years when we are having lot of distributors, right? And we have the right 
product fit, so why will it take so long for us to achieve that? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I would say we are being very cautious with the approach while we want to be optimistic to 
be realistic also happen to see what is happening with the global challenges. I said within 5 years, 
if you're able to do fast it is good, what is the problem? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
I mean, we did honestly, anybody anticipated softness muted in the demand, know in the quarter 
1. So those are all the home improvement factors that have gone down. So it's some things that 
are beyond your control, what's happening. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sujal Jhanwar from FinCare PMS. Please go ahead. As there 
is no response from the current questioner, we'll move to the next question from the line of Rohit 
Singh from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Singh: 
Sir, you mentioned INR1,000 crores run rate by the end of FY '25. So that means by Q4 starting, 
we will be doing at INR250 crores. Is that understanding correct? 
Chirag Parekh: 
The understanding is, again, all vary isn't it? Like I said that we did not say we are going to 
reach. I said it will be good for us to go at a reach of INR1,000 crores run rate, external factor 
challenges to improve, isn't it? Geopolitical crisis and all the other rest of what's going on and 
the newcontracts under the pipeline and which we're seeing some growth momentum moving 
forward a bit optimistic here is then we would be looking at gradually improving from currently 
$100 million run rate to closer to the INR1,000 crores run rate. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Vaidik from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Vaidik: 
Sir, my question was mainly on the realization side for the quartz, it is down on a Y-o-Y basis, 
about 5% and we can see that constantly every quarter we are seeing a decline. 
Anand Sharma: 
Sir, can I reply this question? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes, yes, please. 
Anand Sharma: 
We are looking at quarter-on-quarter basis. If you look at Y-o-Y, I have the figure, which says 
the average realisation is Rs 5,667. Current average realisation is Rs 5,660. So it's almost same, 
it all depends on the product mix and which market it is going. So it's not anything decrease on 
the realisation side, but which quarter what segment has gone, which geography has gone, and 
which model is gone, will decide the average selling price. 
So rest ensure average price is not going down. It is just a quarter-on-quarter basis. So whenever 
you say the realisation  rate should be our annual basis. 
Chirag Parekh: 
If this had gone on a purely discounted basis, then your margin would have affected. Your 
margin guide would have gone down, gone to 15%, 16%. One. We're able to maintain your 
margin guidance means it’s only the product mix based on the market where you get a sometimes 
per piece, but your margins are still the same. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan Limited. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
And I had one question related to your strategy like earlier, you used to be highlighting organic 
growth, but now we're more focusing on -- sorry, inorganic growth, but now we're tempted to 
us growing more organically. So during these tough periods, are we not getting good deals or, 
say, is that right kind of valuations you -- or you want to first grow organically and thereafter 
down two, three years down the line, you may look at inorganic opportunities? Because 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
August 09, 2024 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
I think maybe this would be a right time during this time period that you may get something at 
a good valuation? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No. See, there has to be a consolidation phase somewhere you start acquiring companies, you 
are growing inorganically, doing so well. So somewhere you also see some opportunities for 
organic growth, right? So we haven't seen more organically trying to do for a couple of years, 
stabilizing that and then try to keep our eyes and ears open for any market opportunities. it's not 
that we have shut down and we have not been doing, but the opportunity needs to come. That's 
one. 
 
Number two is that we have to be very, very vigilant and very smart about which companies and 
sectors you are buying in these global challenges. So we got to be very, very careful. So hence, 
it’s on a consolidation phase. In organic, if, we have opportunities come, moving forward, yes, 
absolutely, we'll see. But right now, we are seeing more opportunities organically and hence, 
we're doing this. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
And second one would be any key accounts or highlight that you want to -- like have you added 
any accounts? Or have you added new products to the existing clients, how has the growth from 
the existing clients or any new acquisition of clients you may have done during Q1? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, it's a mix of some great deals with Howdens UK, which is a number -- kitchen manufacturer 
in the UK. We have been sourced as one the key suppliers or probably soon, we are the only 
supplier. We have expanded our markets like in the UK; my team has added about 8 to 10 major 
customers in the UK. We have added some new emerging markets and we have been doing a lot 
of active marketing like South Africa, Australia, Indonesia. 
We also started some great business with Croatia, Greece, with some major brands out there. So 
I think we have done quite a bit across. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take this as a last question for 
the day. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Parekh for the closing 
comments. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
However, if you need further clarification or want to know more about the company, please get 
in touch with SGA team, our Investor Relations advisors. Thank you, and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Carysil Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
