Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
CIN - L65929TG2003PLC040648 
Galaxy, Wing B, 16th Floor, Plot No.1, Sy No 83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City,  
TSIIC, Raidurg Panmaktha, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana 
Ph: +9140-45474750 | contact@spandanasphoorty.com | www.spandanasphoorty.com 
 
 
 
Ref: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2024-25/069 
 
Date: August 02, 2024 
 
To 
 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Transcript of conference call held on Saturday, July 27, 2024. 
 
Ref: letter No. SSFL/Stock Exchange/2024-25/060 dated July 27, 2024 
 
In furtherance to our above-mentioned letter, please find enclosed herewith a transcript of the conference call 
held on Saturday, July 27, 2024, to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.spandanasphoorty.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Prakash Tripathi 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
Vinay Prakash 
Tripathi
Digitally signed by 
Vinay Prakash Tripathi 
Date: 2024.08.02 
16:35:13 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2024 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 27th July 2024 will prevail.” 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHALABH SAXENA – MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
MR. ASHISH DAMANI – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SPANDANA SPHOORTY 
FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
SGA-STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – SPANDANA 
SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited Q1 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shalabh Saxena, MD and CEO of Spandana Sphoorty 
Financial Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon to all of you. Thank you for your interest in Spandana 
and for taking time out to join us on this call. While the results have been uploaded, I am 
presenting to you the why of the results. Obviously, the outcome has been below par compared 
to the past 8 quarters of delivery. The team believes that collectively, they should have done 
better as it falls short of their expectations as well. However, the team is confident of a 
turnaround back to BAU and it would not take long. 
 
Let me start with the events in quarter 1. India, as a democracy successfully conducted the largest 
ever electoral polls in the world to elect members of 18th Lok Sabha. While this 7-phase election 
was, by and large, normal, it disrupted our company's operations relatively significantly in key 
five states. We as a policy, post our employees away from their base locations. Hence, we had 
to give them a holiday on the voting day in their place. Plus, we had to close down the operations 
in the locations where we had our branches. That's leading to effectively 2 days of holidays, 
which unsettled the center meeting schedule majorly. 
 
While we were grappling with the election disruption, the severe heat wave across large parts of 
India was a double whammy that had a higher impact on the attendance, thus leading to an 
unusually higher absenteeism amongst our customers. While these were external factors, we 
were hit by unusually high attrition in five of our key geographies; Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, 
Gujarat, Maharashtra and Telangana. These geographies have a cumulative AUM, which is 32% 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
of the country's portfolio. Our BM attrition for the quarter in these five states was about 10.5% 
versus 5.91% for rest of India, BM as in the Branch Manager. 
 
A Branch Manager, as all of us know, is a key stakeholder in running the smooth operations of 
the branch and he is a 1 point single anchor directing his teams across. So that was a big blow 
in these five states in the quarter 1. Normally, if you see our figures, and we've been monitoring 
our figures, both for the loan officer and Branch Managers, we are relatively better than the 
industry. These five states, obviously, for quarter 1 was an aberration. And hence, we had an 
attrition of about 10.5% against the rest of the country, which was just 5.9%. 
 
These states ultimately led the drag on our portfolio quality, contributing 59% of the arrear 
bucket. That's why it is unusual and unfortunate that all these 3 major events converged in quarter 
1. However, the fact is it did. While it did impact our portfolio quality significantly, our teams 
are back in full force to ensure regularization and bringing back normalcy to the portfolio 
collections. While the teams are working on the field to normalize, as a means of abundant 
caution, we have already done the following steps to ensure we tread cautiously over the next 
few quarters. 
 
The following steps have been taken. There is a slide. In fact, there are three slides that we have 
put in the deck. I'm just repeating it for the sake of reemphasizing the point. The first is we have 
-- at this point, we have stopped sourcing new to credit customers. Number two, we've paused 
new member acquisition in 14% branches across key states. There are about 230 branches where 
we are not doing member acquisition. These are the branches which have relatively higher 
challenge on quality compared to the country. So hence, this is the step that we've taken. 
 
Point number three, we have restricted new center additions in about 40% branches, 39% 
branches to be precise. So 1 of the reasons, and I'll cover it during the Q1 and now I can just 
give you a highlight. One of the reasons why we saw elevated Branch Manager attrition was the 
workload. So what we have done is, as an immediate action, we have given them one down 
support at a credit level. Credit level resources have been put in about 20% of the branches. This 
will be scaled up to 50% branches by September 2024. 
 
What this will do is, one, divide the workload of the Branch Manager. The minus 1 resource or 
the credit resources will do all the controls and checks that are required more rigorously. Point 
number five, the bench strength in 60% branches has been enhanced by 20% because as a 
preemptive measure of attrition, we are just ensuring that we strengthen our bench strength, so 
that immediately, there is no disruption. 
 
And the last point is, which is very critical is, our entire supervisors have been enabled or have 
been given a monitoring tool, which is a tech-enabled monitoring tool, which monitors all the 
quality parameters and they are visiting the branches, the customers and the centers. So our belief 
is that these six key steps are going to immediately ensure that the portfolio comes back on track. 
This was the point I wanted to highlight, which is covered, as I said, in the investor deck. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
The portfolio composition remains comfortable for us from an indebtedness perspective, as the 
following numbers will show. The reason why -- and again, this is a part of the deck, I'm 
reemphasizing the point, because there are a lot of talks in terms of -- is the customer over 
indebted, etcetera. All of you are aware, and we've been bringing this point across over the past 
9 investor calls that we've been doing or we have done. 
 
We, at Spandana, monitor the indebtedness level very closely. Our current indebtedness level is 
INR42,000, which is 76% of industry level. And in the deck, we've also given as per the new 
norms of the SRO which have been announced, we've given how does our flow of customers 
reflect. 
 
So we are comfortable on the indebtedness level, number one. Number two, of the total 
customers that we have, we have split the customers' indebtedness across the MFI levels, and 
we've presented it in the slide for all of you to see. 
 
The last point in this, I would mention is with tighter control on credit and sharper monitoring, 
We expect to see an improvement in the portfolio quality. So we believe these challenges are 
transitory in nature and operations should normalize within the next 3 to 4 months. We have not 
come across any structural changes, be it in terms of rural demand, be it in terms of dip in income 
levels or macroeconomic outlook and hence, have reasons to believe that the normalization 
should happen during the period. 
 
With this, let me move to the regular updates for the quarter. During the quarter, we got 2 
upgrades from the existing rating agencies. The first was India Ratings, which upgraded us to 
A+ Stable from A Stable. Then we had ICRA, which upgraded us to A+ Stable from, again, A 
Positive. This was on top of A+ rating from CARE, which was a new rating, which we had 
announced last quarter. 
 
Meanwhile, on business front, let me start with update on the 2 new businesses we had launched 
mid of last year in our subsidiary, which is Criss Financial Limited. LAP and Nano loans. The 
new book that we ended within the quarter was INR88 crores. In fact, happy to inform everyone 
that we've crossed INR100 crores a couple of days back, which is a new book on secured and 
about 20%, 25% of the unsecured loans to retailers. But predominantly, it is a book which is 
biased on secured lending. 
 
The book is delivering a yield of 23.75%. While a small portfolio yet, however, is delivering the 
collection efficiency of almost 100%. 
 
On the business drivers, let me just quickly go through. Our disbursement for the quarter was 
INR2,283 crores, which was a growth of 37% Y-o-Y over last year. Q1 is usually a lean quarter 
for microfinance industry and hence, our quarter-on-quarter disbursement declined by 42%. 
However, a Y-o-Y at least -- while the numbers are there, but we do not see any weakening 
demand. We ourselves tone down the disbursement because we felt it is very important that we 
ensure that the quality is restored in the branches. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
AUM at the end of quarter 1 was INR11,723 crores, which was a growth of 72% Y-o-Y. 
Customer acquisition continues to be our focus. We acquired about 200,000 customers during 
the quarter. For now, as I have covered, I'm just repeating, for now, we have stopped lending to 
new to credit borrowers. It's not that -- and I'll cover it in the question-and-answer session. But 
we've taken this practical step. Once things normalize, we'll kind of pick it up. Our LAP and 
Nano business under our subsidiary Criss Financial is growing steadily. 
 
As I have already told you, no, we crossed INR100 crores a couple of days back. We have 
ambitious plans for this enterprise and this franchise, and we are going on track. We expect these 
2 lines of business to scale up to about INR500 crores by end of the current financial year. 
 
On the portfolio quality for the microfinance business, we continue to maintain provisioning at 
80%. The quarter saw GNPA increase to 2.6% from 1.63% a year ago, which is an increase of 
about 97 bps. Sequentially, GNPA increased by 109 bps, which was reported end of March. 
Likewise, our NNPA for the quarter was 0.53%, up 4 bps over what was reported in the last 
quarter. 
 
On the liability and marginal cost of borrowings, while we've given exhaustive slides, just 
covering the high level, we borrowed about INR1,554 crores, which was almost equivalent to 
what we borrowed last year in the same quarter. Sequentially, our borrowing was lower by 55%, 
and this is largely because of the seasonality of our business. Our marginal cost of borrowing 
for the quarter was 11.4%, which was 87 bps lower than 12.27% for last quarter and 50 bps 
lower than 11.9% reported for quarter 4. 
 
Likewise, if I look at the borrowing mix, we now have a more healthy mix with bank's 
contribution increasing to 59% at the end of quarter 1. We intend to optimize our borrowing mix 
with banks contributing about 60% to 70%, so as to place us in a good position at the cost of 
borrowing fund. 
 
On the financial performance side, the net interest income for the quarter increased 47% YoY to 
INR425 crores. The PPOP for the quarter was INR287 crores versus INR189 crores of the same 
quarter last year, this was up 52%. 
 
Yield on the portfolio continues to be strong. It was up 35 bps Y-o-Y to 24.4%. NIM for the 
quarter was 15.2%, which is up 91 bps Y-o-Y and 58 bps quarter-on-quarter. NIMs improved as 
a result of lower cost of borrowing. We are working on means to pass on the benefits of 
improvement to the respective stakeholders, which includes the customers. 
 
On the PBT and PAT higher provisions going to the transitionary challenges experienced during 
the quarter resulted in 53% Y-o-Y decline in the PBT to INR75 crores. PAT for the quarter was 
INR56 crores, which was a drop of 53% Y-o-Y. 
 
Given the temporary disruption, we expect to close the financial year with an AUM of around 
INR14,000 crores, and with a slightly elevated credit costs that we've been speaking about, we 
could end of the year, have a credit cost in the range of about 3.75% for the full year. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
Since the situation is evolving, we will revisit the numbers end of quarter 2. To sum up, we 
believe these challenges to be temporary in nature and expect operations to normalize in the 
second half of the current year. We have taken a number of steps to improve portfolio quality, 
which should help us course correct in the current quarter. We will be prudent in our approach 
to lending, ensuring that our portfolio is well diversified, while staying conservative on ticket 
sizes and customer indebtedness. 
 
The entire management team of Spandana is thankful for the consistent feedback that we have 
been receiving from all of you. We continue to focus on delivering on targets, which we set for 
ourselves and look forward to your continued support. 
 
So thank you very much. That was the script that I had. Happy to open this up for questions, so 
that we could answer all of whatever you would want to ask. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Renish from ICICI Bank. Please go 
ahead.  
Renish: 
Hi sir, know this has been a tough quarter, but just 2, 3 questions from my side. So sir, one on 
this entire Project Parivartan. Though in numbers, it looks like it is progressing well, especially 
when we look at the collection efficiency at 98% in weekly branches versus 92% maybe in 
monthly branches. But again, when we look at the another data point, the 65% of the GNPA 
being contributed by the Parivartan branches. So what is the disconnect here? I mean, though it 
one end collection is significantly better. And on the other end, a large part of Gross NPAs is 
still sort of contributed by the Parivartan? 
Ashish Damani: 
This is Ashish. I'll just take this and then maybe Shalabh can also add. Typically, the Parivartan 
branches, I think the right way to look at Parivartan branches is, these branches are not very 
different from non-Parivartan branches at this point in time, because what we did in the 
Parivartan branches was only change the date to a day. We have not yet initiated the weekly 
loans in these branches. 
So logically, all the issues which happened in the country, like we have explained in our script, 
whether it was heat wave or for that matter, the disruption in the center meeting because of lack 
of availability of, let's say, either the staff or the customers during the elections or because of the 
heat wave, kind of resulted into a lack of on-time collection, so to say. So there has been a 
disruption. There have been flows. 
 
In fact, if I have to look at the collection efficiency across the 2, there will be hardly any 
difference at this point in time between the non-Parivartan and Parivartan branches. So what we 
are trying to explain is, yes, Parivartan branches is something that was initiated earlier. But 
today, I think it is more about bringing the structural discipline across the branches in terms of 
whatever we have seen. 
 
And the five states that we have mentioned, have a larger impact. And once we correct things in 
these five states, either by, let's say, balancing the load at a Branch Manager level staff by giving 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
one more credit guy, or by creating a bench for all the attrition that we have seen, which disrupted 
the kind of center meetings, or by giving them a little bit of relief from customer acquisition or 
disbursement, just letting them focus on bringing the customer back into the center meeting and 
organizing those center meetings will be the focus for these branches, including the Parivartan 
branches should --  correct things on an overall basis. So Parivartan, yes, was a concern in the 
past, but today  across the board, I think we are going to focus on these pieces. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Renish, let me just supplement what Ashish said. The Parivartan branches gap between the 
Parivartan and non-Parivartan now is practically very slim now. So which is what if you 
remember about two quarters back, three quarters back, we had said that by end of quarter 1, 
mid of quarter 2, I think we should have normalized, which I think, barring very small bps, some 
50 bps, 60 bps, I think both the branches are at par. 
 
The point Ashish is making is the disruption has happened everywhere. So that aside, let me also 
remember, and this is a number that I had said when I think in the quarter 2 call of last year. The 
problem with Parivartan, whatever historical legacy problem has now flown into the GNPA 
bucket. 
 
So 48% of the portfolio was the Parivartan branch portfolio, which is contributing to 65% of the 
GNPA. So yes, it was not accepted the way it should have been. Even though it was with the 
best of intent, but it didn't work. So that is the reality and the numbers are showing. 
 
Having said which now it is practically Parivartan, non-Parivartan is all the same. It doesn't 
matter. The numbers have regularized. Right now, what we are doing is to ensure that across the 
1,500-1,600 branches, we regularized the disruption and normalize the disruption that had 
happened. So we've moved on from Parivartan and we are on to normalizing the disruption. The 
numbers that you see are the inherited legacy of whatever we had launched. So that's the 
supplement to what Ashish just mentioned. 
Renish Bhuva: 
just to elaborate a bit on that. So let's say the Project Parivartan was all about moving from a 
monthly to weekly collection model, right? But when we look at it in the PPT, only 400 branches 
are on weekly collection? When we are saying that we are behind the Project Parivartan, still 
I'm not able to connect the dots over here, sir? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So let me explain. When I made that statement that we are behind, what I meant was that 
this whole differential and the fact that the flows are because of Parivartan, I was specifically 
mentioning about that. Now the original Project Parivartan, which continues to be, and we will 
drive that, was to convert the monthly to a weekly. We are still on it. In fact, this is the same 
question which was asked by somebody in the last call. 
 
We continue to maintain that weekly is a good model. The only difference is that instead of the 
48% of portfolio, which we attempted to convert into Parivartan, we will now go slow, step-by-
step, center by center, branch by branch district  by district. And any new loan which is given, 
we will encourage the customer to move to a weekly. This is what was our plan. This continues 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
to be our plan. We have not moved away from weekly into monthly, because we are very sure 
and we are convinced that weekly is a model to go. It is just that we will not really implement it 
at a wholesale level. We will go one step at a time. So instead of a 3 months, 6 months, it could 
probably take 1 year, 1.5 years. So be it. But obviously, at this stage, we cannot, hazard a 
wholesale conversion from a monthly to weekly. We will do it at a loan by level, center by 
center, branch by branch. 
Ashish Damani: 
I'm just trying to sum up. Yes, Parivartan branches had challenges or whatever. But right now, 
the challenges are across the Board in all branches and that is what we're trying to fix. And in 
the meantime, yes, Parivartan branches will not be done at that scale, but like Shalabh was 
explaining, on a smaller set, we will continue to approach. Because weekly, overall, if you would 
have seen our numbers, we have also given weekly branches in the INR1,400 crores portfolio's 
performance is at 98% collection efficiency compared to 94% on an overall basis. 
 
So clearly, weekly model is much superior to the monthly model. And we continue to believe 
that, and experience shows that.  
Shalabh Saxena: 
So on a cadence basis, if you see, 25% of our disbursement is weekly. On an AUM basis, 
obviously, AUM operates at a lag, it is about 15%. So this will continue, Renish. And in parallel, 
we will start moving the customers on weekly. However, not straight away at a wholesale 48% 
or 50% type of a portfolio, we will move center by center, branch by branch, so that things 
remain under control. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. And sir, just lastly, on the cost of fund and the credit cost part. So when we look at the 
margins, which is at 15%, and if we believe what is there in the media, etcetera, wherein RBI is 
still behind the companies for passing on the benefit. So do you foresee any risk to the 15% 
NIM? And hence any risk to the ROA after factoring a higher credit cost at 3.75%? 
Ashish Damani: 
So Renish, 15% NIM is anyways a much higher number than what we have kind of 
communicated or guided for. We would like to be around the 14% number, 13.5% to 14%. And 
we have passed some benefits to the customers in April, starting April 1, where we have reduced 
1% for customers who are in 6 cycle and above. And we keep reviewing this. This quarter from 
a cost of borrowing perspective has been very good for the organization at 10.7% in terms of 
marginal cost. 
However, this is also something to do with the fact that we have done a lot many more PTC 
transactions. When you do some other kinds of borrowings, probably the cost may be slightly 
inching up in the coming quarters. It will be in between whatever we have seen last year and 
what we have seen for the quarter. And accordingly, whatever we feel that there is a benefit that 
can be passed back to the customer. We'll keep deliberating on that. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Renish, let me just supplement what Ashish said. There are two vectors of the two 
variables that we're working on. First is the absolute cost and the borrowing cost, which is a 
factor of the mix that we operate, number one. Number two, whatever is the optimization that 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
you get out of the mix or even otherwise, because we've got now two upgrades and one fresh 
rating, which is A+ Stable. So obviously, some of the impact will kick in by moving the cost of 
borrowings south. 
 
If that happens, as I said in my opening remarks also, we will kind of attempt to pass it on to the 
customers, which is the first step that we've already taken. We will continue to evaluate that 
position so as to ensure that we remain fair to the customers at every given point in time. 
 
Our stated position on NIMs has been that we will operate in a range of about 14,-14.25 
anywhere around that range. You could see one quarter is not a reflection of either a good or 
bad. It is more a consistency which we are kind of wanting to deliver. With this, we'll keep on 
evaluating, and obviously, evaluation happens once we see a stability in the movement across 
two, three quarters. So that's how we would position ourselves when it comes to the NIM and 
the lending rates. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Alright Sir, just last thing from my side on this collection efficiency or maybe stress at the 
industry level. If I were to just keep aside this project Parivartan and then when you look at the 
credit behaviour, etcetera, at the ground level, it is fair to assume that the July collection or the 
July trend is better than April, May and June? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So trajectory wise correct, and it will keep on improving is my belief, which is what we are 
getting to know from when we speak to our people on the ground. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. So there is no further stress build up, right? I mean keeping aside the Project Parivartan 
at all? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Project Parivartan also, I gave a very elaborate answer. So I think we've moved on, and 
we will adjust on regularizing everything because we've had a year of Project Parivartan. Now 
everything is regularized, including the numbers. It is just the legacy, which is kind of flowing 
in, which we have to accept and move on. 
With respect to your specific question on the stress, we've laid out the indebtedness levels in the 
presentations that we've given. We are in a reasonably -- and I speak for our company, we are in 
a reasonable position. And as far as the customer indebtedness is concerned, in fact, we are in a 
better position. And most importantly, to your last question, are we seeing any specific stress in 
a specific geography, the answer is no. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aviral Jain from SG India. 
Aviral Jain 
I just want to understand that heat waves and general elections basically got over by 10th June. 
So are you seeing some signs of improvement in terms of collection efficiency across branches 
post that period, because we have past 6 weeks after that? And it's quite concerning to know that 
there is increased attrition in 4 or 5 key geographies. What were some of the reasons for that? 
And how would you correct it structurally, because that is specific to the company and not 
specific to the environment? 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Ashish Damani: 
Aviral, thanks for the questions. I will just take the collection efficiency piece and then let 
Shalabh kind of respond to the attrition one. I think this entire collection efficiency piece, yes, 
there have been green shoots, which we have seen during the month of July. So things have 
definitely started improving. Heat wave and all definitely reduced the participation from the 
customers, combined with the elections which were going on at that time. We have rolled out 
many branches in Northern India, where the heat wave was even more strenuous. And that's 
probably seen in the numbers in the June quarter. But definitely, as we move forward, things 
will start improving. July has been -- there has been green shoots. I would say there is still scope 
for a lot of improvement, which we will start seeing from August onwards. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Aviral, let me answer the second part, and it's a very pertinent question, because it's a 
company-focused thing. Let me take a step back. Historically, when I see Spandana's attrition 
rates across the loan officer and branch manager level, we've always been doing slightly better 
than the industry. Our annualized attrition last year, for example, at a Branch Manager level was 
2% per month, roughly about 24% for Spandana. At a LO level, Loan Officer level, we were at 
roughly about 38% to 40% when it comes to loan officer level. 
 
So this has been the historical trend. There have been always some spikes here and there in 
states, but never a convergence into a particular quarter. So this particular quarter, we had these 
five states, which we've articulated in the slide number three, where we've said that compared to 
our standards itself, while everywhere, there was a bit of an elevated attrition, but these five 
states kind of had almost, if not double, slightly less than double was the attrition rate. 
 
The reasons are as follows. The first is we were reasonably strong in these states. So there was 
an attrition because of an opportunity, because the market presents itself with opportunities. 
That's number one. Number two, we like it or not, but there is some bit of an additional workload, 
which a Branch Manager has to go through, more so from a structure point of view, because in 
our branch, we had a Branch Manager and a Loan Officer. 
That is why what we have immediately done is that we've put, as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, in 20% of the branches, the branches which were big had a pause and a customer 
strength level, we've added people. We've given support to the branch managers so that he is 
able to focus on the other things and not -- because right now, the administrative and the 
supervisory responsibility is with them. So that's what we've done immediately in the 20% of 
the branches as we speak. We already have people positioned. 
 
We've said that by September end, we will have 50% of the branches have these additional 
support. So this will give some respite to the branch manager. The last one is, obviously, what 
we have done is at just a branch manager is not going to solve the problem. So we've already 
started putting people and creating an additional bench of 20% at every of the critical branches, 
which is almost about 70%, 75% branches, where we'll have additional bench strength of about 
20% additional. So that if there is an attrition at a loan officer level also, we are able to address 
that. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
This is apart from the other engagement activities, recognitions, etcetera, that we are continuing 
to pursue and will continue to strengthen. So point is valid, these five states bore the brunt of the 
higher exodus. But we've taken the corrective measures and corrective steps the moment we 
kind of saw the data in the first couple of months itself. And I think the last month, which is 
July, while we're still not out of July, but we are seeing -- I mean, between July and August, I 
think we should be normalized on the attrition front. As an institution, we take pride in the fact 
that we've been able to hold on to our resources for the past 2 years. This was an aberration and 
it should be looked at in that light. 
Aviral Jain: 
My final question, I'll dwell on these credit costs, you had mentioned that this year as of things 
that we see today, you are envisaging a 3.75% sort of a credit cost. Does that mean that there is 
further slippages that you are envisaging? 
 
Yes, we are at 80% PCR already. So any further incremental credit cost has to be driven by fresh 
slippage, which again looks -- if the business has come back to normalcy from a fresh slippages 
standpoint, it's a very high number compared to the past 7, 8 quarters? 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes, that's pretty accurate. It has been a higher number compared to the last 7, 8 quarters. 
Probably, we will see this kind of stabilizing towards August and September. And from Q3, Q4 
onwards, it's should completely be BAU, that's the expectation. So credit cost in that light in the 
remarks kind of Shalabh alluded to that we are likely to be around the 3.75% number for full 
year. Definitely, this is much higher than what we envisaged. In fact, our guidance was more 
like 2.5% when we had our call last quarter. But basis what we have seen in the first quarter, 
probably we are... 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Aviral, what happens is that on a distribution of 14,000 employees, INR12,000 crores across 
1,600 branches and about 3.4 million customers, when you have this kind of an impact, it will 
take at least one additional quarter to kind of come back to normalcy because what you could do 
is to reinitiate the entire effort of reaching out to the customers and trying to clear off whatever 
went through the earlier buckets. So we will take about a quarter more, which is this quarter is 
what I'm saying, just to clarify. 
 
And I think Q3, Q4, and that's what we've said also in H2, we believe will be normal. We will 
see some elevated costs because the flows are there, we are still managing. But a normalcy 
should be restored by end of this quarter. We will need at least those 4, 5 months of period to 
kind of come out of it. 
Aviral Jain: 
Yes, that I know that is completely fair. My question was that would you see more incremental 
and 30+ plus addition over this time. Finally come back normalcy in the next 3, 4 months? 
Because ultimately, I'm saying, the credit cost would be defined by how much provision 
coverage you need for each of the buckets? 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes. So the credit cost for the full year, as Shalabh mentioned, was probably around 3.75%. 
There are going to be a little bit more flows in the coming quarters. But there is likely to be 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
improvement in the 30 to 90 bucket where we have almost INR160 crores of provision setting 
right now. So clearly, it will be a bit of slippages, but some bit of upgrades as well when we are 
giving out  number. 
Aviral Jain: 
Okay. Let's see. Maybe at the end of second quarter, we'll have clarity as to what was the fact 
and my point was that sir, just to complete, what I was saying was this looks like a temporary 
phenomenon given multiple factors, but some of the credit costs could get reversed. I am being 
slightly optimistic, again, on ground situation we'll kind of say, but this would be temporary in 
nature? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Absolutely. And that's our belief because see, there's inherently nothing wrong with the 
customers. See one should be worried when you see a spike in the so-called not-so-good 
customers, which doesn't look like. The issue with this whole model here is that if a customer 
slips, you have to work doubly hard to ensure and work with the customer to ensure you recover 
and ensure that she backflows her SMA bucket moves in the reverse, which is where the 
challenge comes. 
 
There's nothing inherently wrong in the customer in our belief. In the process here, something 
will flow. But as long as you are able to squeeze the fresh flows from a standard into SMA 
bucket, I think another 2, 3 months, we should be fine. And we believe that that's what the belief 
of the team that while this quarter could see some more flows, obviously, but not to the extent 
of whatonewould believe. So that's the reason when I said the 3.75, that was the number that we 
said. And then Q3, Q4, I think we completely should be fine. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Modi from Piper Serica PMS. 
Ajay Modi: 
Quickly, Shalabh, while on the last questions, the response kind of feels like this is actually 
transitory. I would like to kind of rephrase and ask this once again. The slippages in 30 to 60 
and 60 to 90 buckets have been very sharp. I mean, 0.92% to 1.68% Q-o-Q and 0.64% to 1.47% 
Q-on-Q. And this is at a time when we've been reading about sudden telling the industry 
participants to go slow on -- or stop exposure to borrowers with more than 2 lakh of exposure, 
plus the industry kind of talking about setting up a so-called support fund of INR500 crores. And 
at a time when there is loan waiver already kind of starting from states like Telangana. So does 
it get worse in Q2, Q3 before it kind of actually starts settling down? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
No. So Ajay, I think if you go to our investor deck, slide five, we have put out our customers' 
cohorts across the various indebtedness level. If you see, only 0.7% of our borrowers are more 
than INR2,00,000. Rest everything is -- about half of them are under INR50,000, which goes 
back to point, and it has nothing to do with this specific quarter. For the last nine quarters, we've 
been stressing on three, four things, Ajay. 
The first is that we, as a company, we measure and focus and monitor customer indebtedness, 
number one. We believe that the ticket size is not a game to play.  our maximum ticket size on 
our loan is INR80,000, no more. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
Probably this would be the lowest in the industry, but then we are okay with that number two. 
Number three, Ajay, and this I did not mention in my earnings call, nor is it there on the slide. 
The rejection rate as a result of theFOIR , which is in existence at this point in time, our company 
rejection rates are 51%. So what I source, I say no to half of them because of the so-called 
indebtedness. And that goes back to, once again, the shorter tenure loans that we've been 
propagating all along. 
 
While our maximum tenor on the loan is 24 months. And we put out in our slide, on the monthly 
loans, we are 12%, 86% is a 24 months, rest everything is about 14% is 12 and 18 months. If 
you see the weekly loans, we are 68%, 12 and 18 months loan, and we have just about 32%, 24 
months loan. So the philosophy of lending short, lending muted ticket sizes, focusing on 
indebtedness is what we are focused on, and we've put up the numbers that you alluded to, right 
here up front. So this is our spread. 
 
And hence, back to the previous question, which was answered, our confidence on the customers 
from an indebted point of view is high. If there are -- there could be other issues, there could be 
other reasons. But over leveraging, etcetera, does not -- at least the data doesn't suggest, nor does 
our interaction with the customers suggest. So that's the, sorry, long answer to your question, 
but that's our belief. 
Ajay Modi: 
Okay. So I have seen the slide that you are mentioning to. And my question was more, and I am 
just trying to understand more from an industry standpoint, while definitely for you about 48% 
borrowers are below INR50,000. So that's very good as an industry number. What I'm simply 
trying to understand is, from a microfinance industry standpoint, is there a stress building up in 
the overall industry that we may kind of see in the coming quarters, or was Q1 more of largely 
taken the impact? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Q1, my personal belief and having looked at multiple data points, I personally do not 
believe there is a systemic over-leverage issue across the industry. I firmly believe that. There 
could be a few pockets, a few institutions here and there. But my sense is -- forget Spandana, 
my sense is that it will at best to be in a single digit, cannot be more. So that's number one. 
 
Number two is when it comes to the industry, what are the issues the industry is facing today? 
The industry has to look at, and it is true of us as well. We have to ensure that we look at attrition 
across the levels, particularly at the branch level for the widespread distribution that we have. 
So attrition is something that one should be looking at.  
And the controls and supervision to ensure that the instances of misappropriation / frauds are 
reduced, so these are the three things that one should be looking at. My personal opinion is that 
instead of over-leverage, I think these are the two things every company should be looking at, 
and I'm sure every company is looking at. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Ajay Modi: 
Okay. One quick support question here. So the minus 1 credit officer that you've instituted in 
20% of your branches, can you give a little bit of profile of these officers, just for an 
understanding perspective? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
We lost you for the first five seconds. So we picked you up from the minus 1, so if you could 
repeat the first one. 
Ajay Modi: 
I was just asking the credit level resources that you put in 20%, I'd say the minus 1 to the branch 
managers. Can you just share a little bit of profile of these officers? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So these officers, so our criteria is that they should have -- so we have a performance criteria, 
we have a vintage criteria, and we are picking people from our company, people who've been 
with us for more than two years, vintage with us, number one. Number two, as loan officer  
Shalabh Saxena: 
So what we do is to ensure that there is a cultural synergy, the minus 1 profile is somebody who's 
worked with us for two yearsas a loan officer obviously, number one. Number two, he should 
have delivered some performance criteria standards that we put in. Number three, we ensure that 
there shouldn't be any -- from a discipline and conduct point of view, he should be completely 
above board. 
So, they go through our assessment process because there are quite a lot of eligible candidates 
around, they go through a process and then they are posted as a minus 1 to the branch manager. 
Obviously, this is a bench for the branch manager. After a year, they become eligible for a branch 
manager promotion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, if you can share what is the PAR of 1 to 30 bucket? And 
follow-up is what can be done from collections to strengthening point of view to stop the forward 
flow or at least stem the forward flow of already delinquent customers who are in 30-60, 60-90 
bucket? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Rajiv, as I mentioned, we've kind of increased the -- we've increased the bench strength 
at a branch level, as I mentioned, 20% additional manpower has been put in. Our experience is 
that once a customer flows, all it needs is persuasive efforts to ensure you're engaged with the 
customer for, one, the same month collection. And the second one is the additional one, which 
she would have missed out. 
 
So this micro monitoring at a customer level is what each of these branches are exposed to and 
each of these branches are being guided to. In the first phase, we have about 822 branches where 
we put up these additional resources who are along with the branch manager and the credit 
officer wherever the person has been appointed, together they go and they kind of monitor and 
they engage with the customer to ensure that there's a sufficient traction built for the reverse. 
That's number one. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Number two is, Rajiv, what we are also doing is to ensure that the fresh sourcing that we do is 
only under control and hence the job description of the minus 1 resource is just to ensure that 
the profile and the quality of the customer is very well understood. We have a chat with the 
customer. This is outside of the loan officer and the branch manager who would have already 
engaged with the customer, do all the quality checks before the customers -- before the proposal 
is pushed for disbursal. 
 
So we are not in a hurry to disburse. We are taking our time to ensure that it passes through all 
the quality checks before a loan is done. So this is on both the earlier collection as well as the 
fresh proposal. To your question on the 1 to 30, it’s typical. If you see the past trends also, it is 
1 to 30 equivalent to your 31 to 90. So at this point in time, it is 3.1%, 3.2%. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Is this the whole -- is this the part 1 to 30 or...? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes, 1 to 30. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And see, we have stopped acquisition of new to credit customers in certain branches, 
maybe post a new member acquisition in 14% branches. The new center addition has been 
restricted in 39% of branches. So what will make us lift these restrictions because at some point 
in time, you will start to even grow in these impacted locations. So is there any benchmarking 
in terms of say, the general parameters like collection efficiency or the PAR being brought down 
to a certain level, post which we will more open up in terms of customer acquisition and growth? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Absolutely. So Rajiv, we have -- for each of the elements that have been put out on the slides, 
we have our internal benchmark, which we put up where we will start opening up the gates. At 
this point in time, our belief is getting the portfolio back in control is very important. And hence, 
we've taken all those steps. Internally, yes, for each of the branches have been given a mandate 
that you cross this milestone, this gate opens. You cross another milestone, this gate opens. 
 
Across the branches, what we have definitely not done is to not stop loans to the existing 
members who are paying well. Obviously, that channel remains open. But otherwise, for every 
single of the milestones that have been put up, which includes center addition, which is at this 
point in time applicable to about 510-odd branches, the member acquisition has been paused in 
about 223 branches and so on and so forth. So every single branch has a milestone to cross and 
then they kind of move up the ladder. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Just one last thing on this INR2,300 crores disbursement, which we did in this quarter. So I'm 
sure this has been a much lesser impacted or kind of relatively much, much better markets than 
we would have disbursed. So can you maybe call out which are the better markets at this point 
in time, which are performing better versus the problems what you see in some of the impacted 
markets? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So the five states that we've already put out, Rajiv, those are the five states which have borne 
the brunt of whatever has been the quality interruption. I think outside of that, we personally 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
don't believe that -- I mean the numbers don't tell any different story from what we put out in 
the slides. 
 
So these are the five states where we are -- I mean there is a differential of about -- if my memory 
serves right about 300 bps between these five states and the non-five states. So overall, once if 
we are able to correct and we are -in these five states regularized, I think we should be good. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sorry, just one clarification. You said 300 bps difference in collection efficiency? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So overall quality matrix -- collection efficiency is the first, because GNPA has gone, we 
can’t do anything about it. But we measure various -- we see the flow rates. We see the early 
delinquencies and so on and so forth. All of that, if I combine, there is that bit of a difference 
between these five states and the non-five states. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
So the question was pertaining to this high attrition. So this seems pretty sudden in nature. So 
have we looked at what are the reasons? Is it the entry of a number of new lenders in these states, 
or what is it like? Because this sort of an attrition looks pretty sharp. I mean, maybe the zonal or 
regional managers would have got some hint of this sort of event. So just if you can elaborate 
on this? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So for the specific, Shreepal, the point you are making on terms of entry is for the state of 
Telangana. That is the only state where others are not there and they are coming. So is there an 
impact? We have some INR320 crores of portfolio across the INR12,000 crores in Telangana. 
So is that one reason? So I'm saying, see, it is not about whether you -- and the attrition is in 
states where everybody or the other people have been around, the competition has been around. 
 
Our personal experience is that microfinance to microfinance, people attriting into another 
microfinance company is a small portion of the attrition. People tend to kind of go out of the 
industry because there are enough opportunities that exist. So specifically, and we've done a lot 
of analysis for all the employees who've gone across not just these five states, but across all the 
states that we operate. There isn't a specific trend of some 50% people moving into another 
microfinance company. It's a small portion. It is a portion, but it is definitely not a large portion 
worth measuring. 
 
What gets to the people is the general fatigue having worked for long in microfinance, the 
strenuous nature and the drill that goes into this. So every person takes every pressure differently. 
And if it is a sustained pressure over the years, then people react differently. And I agree with 
you, these five states only in this quarter. So nothing has -- I mean the only thing that we can 
and we've done, we spoke to all of them after they had exited and all of them.  
It's a combined nature of staying away from the family and a lot of hours being put in this apart 
from the workload, etcetera, which leads them to sort of move on either in the industry or outside 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
the industry. But there's no specific one line trend that I can give you an answer saying because 
of this, they left or X company took them or Y company took them. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Sir, the other question is little industry-wide. So while speaking with other MFI 
management as well, I mean these are the five, at least Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, MP 
comes across as common states in terms of asset quality issues. While our reasons are, of course, 
little company specific, the other peers have indicated more industry-wide issue, while our 
stance is a little different. So I'm not able to connect the two, because... 
Shalabh Saxena: 
No. So let me clarify. For Spandana, these five states, the flows have been accentuated because 
of the reasons that I have mentioned. Inherently, there are issues in pockets in the states that 
you've mentioned. So it is not that everything is hunky dory for us and -- but for this they too 
would have been resolved. That's not the point.  
The point is that there are challenges and there are challenges in these locations. We were able 
to manage to a large extent, even at that time, if you go back to Q4 and Q3 of last year, not these 
5, but at least 3 states had a slightly elevated deterioration, if I may call so, in the -- compared 
to the rest of the country. 
 
What we are trying to say is that the reason these five states, the number has been accentuated 
because of the experienced branch manager leaving. Obviously, we put the experienced people 
back and we are back to business, and I'm just clarifying that. It's not a stand-alone, it is a 1 plus 
1. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Sir, just last question. If you look at the Stage 2 coverage, maybe Ashish sir can also add 
in here. The Stage 2 coverage has seen a very sharp increase from say, 37%, 38% to almost 47%, 
48%. I mean, if you could just elaborate on this? 
Ashish Damani: 
So Shreepal what we did was we have updated the model last quarter, if you recall, and we have 
kind of smoothened the data across the 8-year period in the ECL model and have taken out all 
the biases, which were running in the model from a, let's say, COVID-perspective or from a 
Demonetisation perspective or any other aberration that was there in the business? 
 
We have actually now ignored all of that and let the data only smoothen across the buckets of 
the periods. What we have done is we've taken monthly data for last 8 years, and that has been 
built into the model as a driver. This kind of led to an increase in the bucket requirements of the 
flows of the PD rates for both Stage 1 and Stage 2 which was implemented last quarter. So this 
quarter, just to clarify thisquarterv, there has not been any change. We have just sticked to the 
model as is and whatever has been coming out has been provided for. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Just one data keeping I think somebody else also asked what is par 1 to 30 bucket a number? 
Ashish Damani: 
3.2% is 1 to 30 bucket. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Thank you so much and good luck for the next quarter. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Based on questions from these 5 specialist individuals who asked questions before me, I mean, 
I'm sure you can very well make out what most of us analysts and investors are trying to 
understand is what the MFI sector is going through now is transient in nature, more like 
disruption from elections or heat waves and will course correct itself in the next 3 to 6 months 
from now or is this a credit cycle in the works because of, I mean, reasons which are unexplained 
as of now. You also referred to this leverage which is actively being tracked by all players today. 
 
So I had two questions. You have cut your AUM growth guidance for this fiscal year based on 
what you saw in 1Q, you've also increased your credit cost guidance to 3.75% versus  2.5% until 
last quarter. So I mean while a lot of discussion has already happened on this subject, what I'm 
trying to understand is if we are so confident of things normalizing after, let's say, 3 months from 
now in the second half of the fiscal year? 
 
Then, I mean, what was the need for this increase in credit cost guidance? Now why I'm asking 
this is if you look at this quarter's credit cost almost INR210 crores, maybe around INR5 crores, 
INR6 crores is towards write-offs. Rest of it is towards provisioning on Stage 3 and Stage 2 
loans. 
 
So if it was just heat wave, if it was just an election impact where someone could have missed 
an EMI because of operational reasons. And if they start repaying , then your guidance cannot 
go up, right, because your guidance is going up from 2.5% to 3.75% is because you're expecting 
more write-offs to come through, not necessarily because of higher provisioning. Had it been 
higher provisioning, they would actually have got reversed when the asset quality would have 
improved from collections? So what am I missing here is something I'm trying to understand. 
Ashish Damani: 
I will just take this question and probably Shalabh may add if there is something missed out. 
Abhijit, the right way to look at it is, one, at the industry level, you have said and I think at the 
industry level, our belief was that the new norm is definitely a base of 2%, which is now hovering 
between, let's say, 2% and 2.5%. But given what we have seen in the first quarter like Shalabh 
was explaining earlier definitely what we have seen in the first quarter in terms of credit cost is 
something has been higher than our own estimates. 
 
And this 3.75% is the outcome of what we have seen in the first quarter. There are improvements 
that we are confident of seeing, but those improvements are likely to play out, let's say, in the 
next 3 to 4 months. So in the interim, there are likely to be some flows. And probably we have 
taken into account those  flows and improvements also subsequently, and that's how the 
guidance. 
 
I think in the initial narrative that Shalabh gave, he also talked about there has been a little bit of 
reduction in our overall business numbers for the year. And that probably will give you some 
increase on a percentage terms basis. So these are the factors which are at play, and that's how 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
we have kind of changed the course on the guidance. However, we have also said that this is an 
evolving situation. We are looking at this. And if, let's say, the improvement is much more, then 
we will obviously come back and keep discussing these numbers or the outlook going forward. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So I mean, if I understand this correctly, the way we kind of summarize this is that given that 
this is an evolving situation, if things are better than what you are expecting right now, you will 
maybe revisit your credit cost guidance. If that were not to happen, then what will happen is, 
after 3 to 6 months, collections are expected to improve -- but the slippages, which have 
happened not just in 1Q, but we've been seeing slippages in 3Q and 4Q of the last fiscal year as 
well. They will reflect in your Stage 2 and Stage 3 and will eventually get written off? Is that 
right understanding in terms of -- if credit costs were to remain at 3.75%? 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes, that's right, because if the customers have already moved into either a GNPA bucket or if 
the customer is in 60 bucket, the improvement from there is difficult. It will be slow. However, 
there are recoveries. It's not that the recoveries are zero. Definitely, there are recoveries. 
And since the challenges have been more from a, let's say, administrative disruption or because 
of lack of availability in the center meeting and during that time, and it was not the intent of the 
customer. We are very hopeful that things will improve. This will not be a normal flow that if it 
goes down then it goes down it will not be like that. But we don't want to get ahead of ourselves 
and put the numbers out right now, we will see how things will play out. Efforts will be made 
100%. We have already looked at what are the things that are required to fix this on structural 
basis, and that's what has been articulated in the document, putting in people, strengthening the 
monitoring staff at the branch level. 
Looking at how can we improve the monitoring at every stage by using technology. For that 
matter, reducing the workload of the branch from a disbursement standpoint, focus, let them 
focus more on the portfolio quality and improving the discipline at the center level. These are 
the things which people will be focusing more, at least for next, let's say, 4 to 5 months. And 
that would yield results. On either basis, how things will flow move on, we will get to know in 
the next 2 to 3 months. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Sir, just 1 last question that I had is -- I mean, you've already answered this partly in prior 
questions. But what I'm just kind of trying to understand is, I mean, how are the yields still 
improving for us when you're already seeing broad-based yield moderation in the sector? And 
despite the significant increase in our Stage 3, why is it that I mean, interest income reversals 
are not visible which should have impacted your interest income and yields? 
Ashish Damani: 
So two things here. One is, I think this is also linked to the last question which Shreepal asked. 
In Stage 2 itself, we kind of see 50% provisioning that we do. And from 52 moving to 80% 
would mean additional 30% of reversal or the impact normally when things move into Stage 3. 
But this is partly the answer. The other part on the yield side is the mix for us has been improving 
over the quarters. We were earlier, if you recall, we have 2-year loans largely. And the loans 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
until October of '22 were given at even 22%. From there we moved to 25% in two parts and 
that's how the yield was improving on overall basis. That is one aspect. 
 
The second aspect is whenever we are doing DA transactions as you know the interest income 
will move from the interest income line into the net gains line item. And that also has an impact 
on the ratio. This quarter we had zero DA. I mean if we were to compare it from the previous 
quarter then that definitely has a positive bearing on the yield on the NIMs and things like that. 
That's why we are saying on a steady-state basis one  should look at a NIM of 13.5% to 14%, 
more like around 14% to be a standard steady-state NIM for us. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Sir, I think this is useful. Ashish sir, I'll just leave you with a thought. I will connect with 
you maybe offline, but one  thing that I'm not able to comprehend is. I mean we've always said 
these MFI customers who should never doubt their intention and willingness to repay when we 
come across a quarter where elections and heat waves bring out operational challenges, where 
maybe 1 or 2 EMIs could not be collected. But if the willingness and intent of the customer is 
there, why is it that, I mean, these things should lead to basically write-offs, is something I'm 
not able to wrap my head around? 
Ashish Damani: 
Certainly, we'll connect on this offline. Abhijit, just one  line. The reason we are saying we are 
very hopeful in terms of improvements is precisely the reason which you have articulated that 
intention is not a problem. It is an administrative disruption  that we are dealing with, it's a 
temporary issue with us at the customer level. And there are other challenges in terms of 
addressing this which we will discuss maybe offline. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Great. Thank you so much and all the very best to you and your team.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints, we will just take last two questions. The next 
question is from the line of Janavi Bapat from Hara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Janavi Bapat: 
Hello. I wanted to quickly ask if there is any pattern in attrition in the Parivartan branches versus 
non-Parivartan branches. 
Ashish Damani: 
So there is no pattern per se in Parivartan versus non-Parivartan. It is more towards the states, 
Jahnvi, and that's why we have kind of called out those states where there was a higher attrition. 
Janavi Bapat: 
Okay. And the last 1 is, since you've provided a good breakup of the indebtedness of the 
borrowers. Is it possible also to provide broadly the income distribution of the borrowers, say 
how many households are like below 1 lakh or between 1 lakh to 2 lakh, 3 lakh, something on 
those lines? 
Ashish Damani : 
We will give you this data offline because I don't have it readily available, but largely, these 
numbers are more that our guys discuss with the customer. I mean this is not a very reliable set 
just I'm trying to say because it is more of a discussion and assessment that is being done by the 
loan officers, and that's how it is being worked out. Having said that, we will give you whatever 
numbers we have. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Janavi Bapat: 
Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, your performance relative to your peers, it looks like on a much, much weaker set of numbers 
overall. So what can be the reason why we are particularly hit much more than the industry. Of 
course, all the players have reported weaker results. But I think your results are probably at the 
bottom percent, 25 percentile. So any specific reason with respect to our policies or our 
management of this entire election season how we have been disproportionately impacted? This 
is something I could not understand. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Sarvesh, every company operates a different model, has different way in which it functions 
and has a different environment in which it operates. The numbers are there for everyone to see, 
so nobody can doubt or dispute it. All we know for sure is that for the last 9 quarters, there is a 
certain set of patterns that we had and we had observed. This one quarter had some disruption, 
probably as we've kind of very -- in an elaborate way we've articulated the reasons which were 
the states which kind of dragged the portfolio down. And that's the reason why we've a result, 
which is what all you and I see. 
 
Having said, which -- what is very critical is that -- what is the profile of the customer? Is the 
deterioration or is the quality which has gone down south, Is it because of a structural reason? 
Is there something that you are doing, which is very different from what the industry is doing? 
The answer is no. We have evaluated and which is what I covered  in my commentary also, the 
nature, there is no structural difference in the way we operate from the industry. Yes, we have 
certain norms or certain philosophies in which we operate, which are from credit point of view, 
which are more on the conservative side. So if not today, tomorrow, it will show up. 
 
But at this point in time, all I would want to say is that the disruption was accentuated by the 
attrition which has led us to where we are. And we'll take a quarter to recover post which then I 
think things should be BAU. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you very much for joining this call. Thank you for the patience. We took an extra about 
20, 25 minutes of call just to ensure that we are able to communicate what happened during the 
quarter and what is the way ahead for us. For all those who couldn't ask specific questions you 
have our coordinates, you can get in touch with us and we'll be very happy to kind of provide all 
the clarifications. Thank you for all the support and thank you for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
