 
 
 
 
    CIN – L74900KA2000PLC027229 
Registered Office : Tower “D”, 4th Floor, IBC Knowledge Park, 4/1, Bannerghatta Road, Bengaluru - 560 029. 
                    Phone : +91 - 80 - 6919 0000. Email : ask@mediassist.in web : www.mediassist.in 
 
   
   
  September 3, 2024 
 
To,
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol: MEDIASSIST  
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544088 
  
 
Subject: 
Transcript of Investor Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Company’s Investor Call held on August 27, 
2024 at 8.00 a.m. to discuss on ‘Acquisition of Paramount Health Services & Insurance TPA’ annexed 
herewith. 
 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited  
 
 
Simmi Singh Bisht 
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
SIMMI 
SINGH 
BISHT
Digitally signed 
by SIMMI SINGH 
BISHT 
Date: 2024.09.03 
20:06:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
Conference Call Transcript - Acquisition of Paramount 
Health Services & Insurance TPA” 
 
                         August 27, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. VIKRAM CHHATWAL – CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR – MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SATISH GIDUGU – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. NIRAJ DIDWANIA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – 
MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Medi Assist Healthcare Services 
Limited Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question 
and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator 
assistance during the conference, please press star and zero on your telephone keypad. As a 
reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Niraj 
Didwania, Senior VP of Medi Assist Healthcare Services. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good morning to all participants on this conference call for announcing the 
proposed acquisition of Paramount Health Services and Insurance TPA by Medi Assist 
Insurance TPA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Medi Assist Healthcare Services. We thank you 
for joining on short notice. 
Our press release and presentation with respect to this transaction has been uploaded to the stock 
exchanges, our website, and also distributed through our mailers. Please note that any forward-
looking statements or management estimates are to be relied upon based on your own judgment, 
and hence investors are recommended to refer only to annual audited numbers and regulatory 
disclosures for making their decisions. Without further ado, I would now like to hand over the 
call to Dr. Vikram Chhatwal, Chairman and Whole-Time Director of Medi Assist Healthcare 
Services, Limited. 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Thank you, Niraj, and a very warm welcome to all participants on this occasion, an important 
occasion in the history of Medi Assist. As a team, we're proud to have the opportunity to acquire 
Paramount TPA, which not only being one of the largest deals in the TPA space in India, also 
becomes our third acquisition over the last three years, and fifth overall in the Indian TPA space. 
I draw your attention to the deck that's been shared and uploaded on this transaction, and if you 
could turn to slide three, you will see that Medi Assist continues and has played a critical role in 
the health insurance ecosystem as that one interlocutor that brings together payers, 
policyholders, and networks. 
Paramount TPA, becoming a part of us, only enhances our capabilities in administering this 
ecosystem seamlessly. With the enhanced scale and market share, we will also hope to deliver a 
stronger proposition to all of these three stakeholders and drive superior outcomes across 
automation, technology, security, and most importantly, experience that we deliver to the end 
policyholder. If we move to slide four, I just want to take you back in time into the acquisitions 
that we have made till date. 
All our acquisitions have been strategic and aligned to the long-term objectives and have 
contributed to where we are today. While, importantly, the acquisitions have brought 
incremental portfolios of business, we have also, as a company, benefited from the depth of 
relationships and the talent that has come along, which is an integral part of our story. And as 
we embark on the journey of completing the acquisition of Paramount, I do believe we have and 
are the largest corporate health benefits platform in India and most probably amongst the biggest 
in the world. 
As a company, you would have seen we have a great track record of integrating and drawing on 
synergies from acquisitions. While we have made acquisitions, they have always remained 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
accretive from a capital allocation perspective and have generated attractive ROIs alongside the 
main sale of our business, which is organic growth. As we have said to you in earlier calls, our 
intention and intent has been opportunistic in the M&A space. 
And most importantly, the Paramount TPA acquisition clearly remains an accretive acquisition 
from the company's perspective. I now will hand over the call to our CEO, Satish Gidugu, who 
will walk you through the specifics on the Paramount TPA acquisition. Over to you, Satish. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Thank you, Dr. Vikram and good morning to all the participants. I request you to move to slide 
five of the presentation, where we have a high-level overview of how some of our recent TPA 
acquisitions have performed. Of course, this is a simulation based on management estimates. 
Most players in the TPA industry, both Medvantage and Raksha, were low margins in our hands, 
and they would start typically at a negative margin or close to single-digit margins when we 
integrate those accounts into our accounting systems. 
 
The playbook, of course, has been very similar in all of our integrations, with the technology 
integration being the core focus, and also followed by bringing the teams together, harmonizing 
them into the combined entity. The infrastructure synergies are subjective on a case-to-case 
basis, based on the kind of investments that are actually needed to harmonize the operations into 
a common template. 
On the business front, the challenges and the opportunities are identical to what we do in our 
own business on a daily basis, which is retain our existing accounts and base and add new 
accounts and new clients. We are excited and confident of replicating a similar journey with 
Paramount, and one that could possibly be even a bigger success in the long run, given its size. 
Moving to slide six, which gives us an overview of Paramount TPA. 
Paramount has been a licensed third-party administrator since 2002, founded by Dr. Nayan Shah, 
a pioneer in this space. The company had earlier raised an investment of $11 million in 2019 
from Fairfax, Asia, which now owns 51% of Paramount. From an overall numbers perspective, 
over INR34 billion in premiums in the grooms segment, and INR4.5 billion of premiums in the 
retail segment are administered by Paramount as on FY24. 
And Paramount is the fourth-largest TPA by total revenues, and also the second-largest TPA in 
the Group segment by premiums in India after Medi Assist. In terms of market share, the 
company will add 6.2% in the Group segment, and will also allow us to improve our overall 
health insurance industry market share by about 4%, which is on an FY '24 basis. And Paramount 
is one of the most reputed and professionally run TPAs in India. 
And the shared vision, philosophy, and drive to excel is what makes this a perfect match. 
Paramount today works with over 30 insurers, has one of the largest networks at 25,000 
hospitals, and serving over 36 million lives across corporate, retail, and government segments. 
Moving to slide seven, which provides some insight on their success in the Group segment. 
They're among the few TPAs that have grown Group premiums higher than the industry growth 
rate. And in the Group segment, the compounded growth rates are significantly higher than 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
market. And the strong proposition that Paramount took to the market resulted in them acquiring 
a 6.2% market share in the Group segment. 
Today, this Group business comes from over 3,000 group accounts across 27 insurers in general 
and SAHI segment in India. Quickly move to Slide eight, which gives you how the combined 
story actually looks like. Medi Assist and Paramount combined would be about INR22,000 
crores of premiums in the health insurance industry, a 23.6% market share on FY '24 basis. 
It's even more compelling, the market shares in the Group segment. There we would be 
managing over INR20,000 crores of insurance premiums in the Group segment, and with very 
significant 36% of the market on FY '24 basis. Paramount has been able to maintain strong 
yields, which are very similar to our own yields, and has a very attractive insurer mix with 40% 
of the premiums administered on behalf of the non-PSU insurers. 
And the cashless percentages delivered by Paramount are also among the industry-leading 
metrics across IP, OP, and government claims. Finally, moving to Slide nine, we'll give you a 
quick financial snapshot of Paramount. The revenue mix is almost a very close replica of Medi 
Assist TPA’s revenue mix. 
On the revenue front, there's very strong growth across all areas, specifically in the Group 
business. And the lower EBITDA margins are not very different from the businesses that we've 
acquired. But the one that puts Paramount very differently is the size and scale at which 
Paramount today operates, and our ability to transform the margin profile as we flip the business 
into our operating model. 
In summary, on Slide 10, for us, this is a transformational opportunity. There are many areas 
where we benefit from consolidation, scale, and market share in terms of external dynamics. We 
have multiple areas to drive internal efficiency. And as the government's vision of insurance for 
all by 2047 comes to life, we believe that the consolidation gives us the ability to build capacity 
for administration of health insurance business at scale and continue to improve on retention and 
store growth on the combined larger base. That's a quick update from us on the whole deal 
concept. Now I'll hand over the call back to Niraj for the next steps. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Thank you, Dr. Vikram and Satish. Ryan, we can now open the call for questions from the 
participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. 
Our first question is from the line Chintan Sheth with Girik Capital. Please go ahead. Chintan, 
I'm sorry, we are not able to hear you. If you could please unmute yourself from your end. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay, thank you. Congratulations on the deal. You know, I'm looking at the financial deck. The 
margins are sub-10% for paramount. Again, it looks like the similar playbook what we played 
on Medvantage and the Raksha acquisition. If you can highlight what kind of payback we are 
looking at for this acquisition and how initially how our EBITDA margin will be recovered, 
what are the timelines for the thing to go back to? Because this is more sizable versus Raksha 
and this thing, Medvantage. So, looks like the timing for margin recovery will be a little longer 
than Raksha, it seems so. If you can highlight. 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Thanks very much, Chintan. I'll ask Satish to respond to that question. Satish, over to you. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Good morning, Chintan. Thank you. So, the margin profiles are very similar. You know, we 
have acquired, like we have demonstrated to you earlier on Medvantage and Raksha. I think the 
synergies are already kicking in and you can see it in the numbers. Coming to Paramount, of 
course, given that we have transaction to close sometime towards the current fiscal, FY26 basis, 
likely 150 basis points impact on the consolidated. Of course, it's been improved EBITDA on 
the current push. That's the impact that we expect to see in FY'26. And we expect that the four 
quarter paybacks will and then we should be able to see all this in FY'27. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And the payback, you mentioned four quarters, right?  
Satish Gidugu: 
Yes, that's correct, Chintan. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Yes, okay. And the payback, what are the payback timelines you are anticipating for this 
equation? 
Satish Gidugu: 
We can share the details with you, Chintan.  
Chintan Sheth: 
Sorry. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Niraj and team will… 
Niraj Didwania: 
Chintan, can you repeat your question? 
Chintan Sheth: 
I was asking Niraj about the payback on this equation and the enterprise value is around INR300-
odd crores. How are we -- it largely looks like the cash deal to fund the equation or is there any 
dilution as well? 
Niraj Didwania: 
No, it will be largely funded through cash only. And we already have sufficient internal 
resources. And there is a time gap between when we sign and when we close because there is an 
IRDA approval required. So, we are continuously generating cash also. So, at this point of time, 
we would look at that as a funding. And from a payback, most of these acquisitions on an outright 
payback is generally five to six years. But from an IRR perspective, we believe that like Satish 
mentioned, '27 onwards, it will start being accretive. And so, it will turn into a positive IRR in 
the first few years. And we expect ROI of over 20% over the long term. It will be between five 
to seven years payback period. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick with Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Congrats on the move. I had a couple of questions. One is on the margins of Paramount. Given 
that they are sizable, they're still, as you know, a turnaround candidate. So, what are the low 
hanging fruits for us to bring those margins up? And usually we are turning it around at a very 
quick pace. So, given that they are sizable, shouldn't we be turning this around much faster than 
the earlier couple of acquisitions? 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Thank you. And I'll hand this to Satish to respond. Satish? 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Satish Gidugu: 
Thank you for your question. So, this picture of the size is very similar, right, both in terms of 
the mix, the government, the corporate and retail with corporate focus. From a synergy 
perspective, typically it's on two fronts. One is our ability to retain all accounts from day one 
because it becomes our responsibility. Even with both the recent acquisitions of Medvantage 
and Raksha, we've actually improved our group retention rate from 92% where it was last year 
to 94% with the consolidated base.  
Clearly, one big area of synergy is how we retain the customers. We added back to the same-
store growth story, which is our largest revenue driver. And from an operating model 
perspective, we deployed significantly more amount of technology-led processes than anybody 
else. And these are cut across multiple areas of operations, whether it is integrations with the 
ecosystem, like with the hospitals, insurers and corporates, or deployment of technology for 
internal processes and claims, or the automation and the machine learning that we've been able 
to deploy.  
These are standard operating templates, typically work irrespective of the size of the operation 
that we actually bring in. And the reason why we usually say four quarters is because all of our 
active accounts and contracts and policies are of a 12-month duration. Typically, it takes a 12-
month cycle to finish the complete renewal of all the active policies, and that's where the four 
quarters actually comes from. Clearly, we expect to see synergies flowing in much faster given 
the maturity of Paramount as a leading TP. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. So, within four quarters, we'll hit our usual 20% kind of margin run rate, or that's how I 
should read it, right? 
Satish Gidugu: 
We expect that a consolidated basis in FY'26 for 1.5% dilution, as the rates are more closer to 
where they will be, but we should see full accretion. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Got it, sir. That's very helpful, sir. The second question is on the technicality. How should I read 
this EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA? I mean, in Slide 9 of the financial of Paramount, the 
reported is INR6.3 crores, adjusted is 13.3 for FY'24. So, what is being adjusted here? 
Satish Gidugu: 
And this is, I will let Niraj pick this up and walk us through. 
Niraj Didwania: 
So, one of the things there, Ajox says that in the 150Cr they have some nominal discontinued 
business. So, when those businesses discontinued there is also some cost sitting there for that 
business. So, the walk from 6.3 to 13.3 is a combination of rationalization of some of these costs, 
some synergies that kick in from day one of the acquisition and accounting adjustment, which 
we are estimating currently from the outside. 
 
And of course, there is a closing period. So, we expect to firm up some of these assumptions that 
we have on table. But at this point, we are confident to put out there that the adjusted EBITDA 
we are seeing in our hands is better off than the reported EBITDA. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. Very helpful, sir. Again, congrats on this move and all the best. Thank you. 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha with Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions from my side. First INR153 crores in revenue in 
FY '24. Now, post this acquisition, do we expect any sort of revenue loss, client loss? What sort 
of revenue and revenue growth numbers should we be looking at for this acquired business? And 
second, I wanted to understand, see, the EV is about INR312 crores. Plus, there is cash on books 
of paramount of about INR111 crores, INR112 crores. 
 
So, that actually takes the market cap to about INR424 crores, if I'm not wrong. And that would 
mean that you would have to pay that amount pay about INR420 crores out. If I look at your 
March 24 balance sheet, I think the cash plus investments is closer to INR230 crores and you 
just mentioned that you would largely use internal accruals. Do you, I mean, wouldn't we be 
short we probably need to take some debt. Can you just clarify on this, actually? Yes, those 
would be my two questions. 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Satish, would you answer the first part and then maybe Niraj, you can take over. 
Satish Gidugu: 
I'll then hand it over to Niraj. Thanks, Madhukar. Good morning. So, from a business 
perspective, we have the first strong points. We have 100% overlap with the insurance 
companies that we work with, especially in the group segment which is the largest driver of 
revenue for Paramount. Historically, both from Medvantage and North Star even in older 
integrations like VHF, we have retained all of the key clients and all of the group revenues that 
we've acquired. 
So, don't see any concern from a business perspective. And same goes now with typically any 
reductions that we've seen in revenue, the signing on the closing, one the revenue sort of flows 
into our books. And it also reflects in our improved report Q1, including Medvantage. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Satish, your line is not clear. Your voice keeps sort of fading out, breaking in and coming in 
again. So, not able to get a lot of what you're saying. 
Niraj Didwania: 
So, maybe Madhukar, I'll just chip in what Satish said because I was able to hear him in pieces 
also. See, one is that we work with all the common insurers. And today, in reality, in the market, 
I guess Paramount were really the two key options on the corporate benefit side. So, while we've 
seen in the past acquisitions are between signing and closing, that becomes sort of a risky 
territory because that is really the change of control which could then lead to sometimes some 
amount of business loss.  
We are preparing already that we will plug those kinds of situations right now, immediately from 
a signing till closing. And going forward also, we're not expecting a significant business loss. 
We have factored in some areas of business, but it's not going to be very significant to change 
any of our forward projections. And from a growth of the combined piece, we do continue to 
expect to grow in line with the market growth.  
We don't expect to lag behind market growth that we see at a combined entity level, which is 
really where the exciting part comes. So, that's on the first part. On the second part, we closed 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Q1 of FY25 with INR270 crores of net cash. And if you see just the Q1 itself on a INR35 crores 
EBITDA, we generated around INR25 crores of cash flow. So, it was a 245 number in March 
24, which went to 270. So, that was a INR25 crores quarterly cash flow generated, at least in the 
Q1.  
So, you're right that the equity value or the payout will be closer to INR400 crores. We expect 
to be and by the way, out of the INR400 crores, INR100 crores is sort of cash going out from 
our side, but then the same cash gets retained in the entity we get. So, it's really a wash or goes 
out of one hand and comes back in. So, the net payout for us is around 300. 
So, we have a significant time now because in the past, we've seen four to six months from an 
IRDA approval perspective. So, it'll be easier to give you exact guidance on whether there will 
be a sort of bridge debt we need to do closer to the transaction, but I don't think from a funding 
perspective, we have any concerns because there's a very significant flow.  
And by the way, also because it's a similar line of business, the target company also has 
significant cash flows, which is why there is a good cash reserve that we are paying for. But both 
companies again will be generating combined cash flows, which are very healthy. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Makes sense. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nidhesh with Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
Congratulations sir for the acquisition. So, first, what all regulatory approvals will this deal 
require? Will this deal also require a CCI approval? 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Niraj? 
Niraj Didwania: 
No, Nidhesh. Thanks for the congratulations. And this transaction does not fall into the 
thresholds on a revenue or a net asset threshold for the CCI. So, this does not require a CCI 
clearance. This is IRDA approval for change of shareholding by more than 5%. So, both the 
buyer and the seller have to seek IRDA approval to buy and to sell. So, that is the approval that 
will be required only. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure, sure. And I think in case of Medvantage, we had some revenue loss during the transition 
phase. So, please correct me if I'm wrong. And why don't we expect any revenue loss in case of 
paramount transaction also? 
Satish Gidugu: 
Morning, Nidhesh. So, in Medvantage, we've really not had any revenue loss from the date of 
closing. There were some occasional challenges in that business where there was a bit of a 
revenue loss between signing and closing, but we don't anticipate that situation here. 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
I think, Nidhesh, just to add to that, I think just given the longevity of contracts that paramount 
has had, their ability to retain customers. And I think it's important for all of you to understand 
that increasingly revenue loss historically if at all, I mean, 5, 7, 8 years, 10 years ago was when 
the North Star metric for the insurance market was not necessarily based on technology, service, 
outcomes, quality of network.  

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
As we see the world today in the decision of how insurance works, for an insurer, the North Star 
metric continues to become stronger and stronger on outcomes, service quality and the use of 
technology. While for the customer or the policyholder, especially a group customer, continuity 
of service and continuity of benefits administration have become an important metric. 
So, as we've gone along our way, we've also seen and you would have also seen that between 
Medvantage and Raksha, we used to have typically a retention rate with a low churn at about 
7% or 8% was our churn. That churn has actually fallen to 6% and continues to improve every 
day. And that's largely driven by the way the ecosystem organizes itself and understanding, how 
do you define outcomes? 
 
Where is the North Star metric in all of this? And so, really, I think for us, given the pedigree, 
given the longstanding relationships that Paramount has had amongst the earliest TPAs in the 
market and the base of marquee customers, we actually don't see that becoming a challenge in 
this acquisition. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you for that. So, just two more questions. One is on slide number five, 
we are indicating that both Medvantage and Raksha have come to our company level margins 
within four to five quarters. So, in our overall margin without Paramount acquisition, do we 
expect further improvement in margins or that has already played out as of Q1? 
Satish Gidugu: 
So, Nidhesh, I think, if you look at this slide five, I think Medvantage is fully integrated. Raksha, 
we will finish our one year shortly in Q2. That's when we expect most of the synergies to flow 
in as we complete the one-year annual cycle of Raksha. So, there is on a standalone basis, there 
is still some room from the Raksha integration perspective. 
Nidhesh: 
Okay. Yes, sure. Thank you for my side. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth with Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Thank you for the follow up. If I look at the yields on Paramount it seems pretty healthy related 
to us. So, if you can elaborate on what quality of businesses and how different the book is versus 
ours, which results in a slightly better yield for them versus us. 
 
And secondly, you mentioned the 150-basis point impact in FY '26 on the EBITDA level. If you 
can also highlight what kind of EPS impact, we will likely to see given that a large part of the 
cash will get utilized for the acquisition and will have incremental debt and lower margin 
business coming in. So, what kind of EPS impact we're likely to see because of the… 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Sure, thanks. I think the first part, Chintan, I'll ask things to talk about and then Niraj can walk 
you through EPS. 
Satish Gidugu: 
So, Chintan, I think from our revenue mix perspective they're very similar from our group detail 
and government and within group, I think even just the client and the corporate account mix the 
yields are better than us in the same cohorts of the clients by the size of the accounts or the nature 
of the accounts. We serve some of India's largest client accounts and hence the cohorts are not 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
necessarily fully comparable given our group book is almost five times bigger. But you are right 
that it will only add to the overall yields of the consolidated book when the Paramount book 
actually gets consolidated. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Basically, it's the smaller accounts yielding a little better yields versus the larger accounts for us 
where the negotiation powers obviously the volume is high. We are negotiating at a lower rate 
and that is the kind of difference between the two. 
Satish Gidugu: 
That may not be a very accurate way of looking at that, Chintan. I don't think it's because of that. 
It's just the nature of the accounts that we run. I don't think it's necessarily a negotiation. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Nothing to do with the accounting of revenue. They are a little aggressive versus our policy of 
deferring the revenue over the course of a year. Is there any change in the accounting policy of 
theirs versus us? 
Satish Gidugu: 
There will be a marginal alignment change but it is not very significant from a change 
perspective unlike in the past acquisition. So, on the whole, it will still be accretive to the overall 
yields. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay. And yes, on the second part. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Yes. Niraj, would you pick it up? 
Niraj Didwania: 
Yes. So, just adding on the first part, what Satish said is yes, you're right, Chintan. We have 
mentioned as a footnote that this is on Indian GAAP basis. So, once we do a recasting on revenue 
there could be a slight change in the yields. On the second part, like Satish already mentioned 
earlier that we do anticipate a 100 to 150 bps impact in the first year. And most likely, because 
we are in early September almost end of August, we expect this deal to pretty much be 
consolidated from FY '26 onwards. 
 
So, in the first year, there will be a slight EBITDA dilution. And of course, the cash flow 
utilization, which otherwise contributed to the PAT and EPS there could be a slight change in 
'26. So, on an EPS basis, '26, we may not see it being neutral or positive it might be slightly 
diluted. But '27 onwards, we expect it to be back into our margin profile. And hence, we believe 
it should be closer to neutral or slightly accretive in '27 on a full year basis. But of course, it 
depends on what timing do we get in terms of consolidating and then how the integration plans 
play out. 
 
But at this point of time, what we can see going forward is '26 will be a slight dilution driven 
from the EBITDA margin and the cash flow utilization. But '27 onwards, we will see sort of a 
closer to neutralization. 
Chintan Sheth: 
On the EBITDA margin dilution, if you look at the 24 numbers, obviously, our numbers are a 
little off because of the acquisition and the synergic benefit coming in from those acquisitions. 
The gap between the pro forma versus our reported numbers the margin gap is around 240 basis 
points post-integration. So, you mentioned that 150 basis point means that both our margin for 
FY '26, as we were expecting post the synergy of Medvantage and Raksha plus Paramount's 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
margin getting a little bit improving from the current level in FY '24 levels. We'll see the impact 
reducing from 240 to 150 or that's what is the implication. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Yes. So, you're right. So, Medvantage and Raksha, if you look at them together then their margin 
was in fact slightly lower than what Paramount is today in our hands at closing. And Paramount, 
as we said, the reported margins or pro forma margins are actually understated because of some 
of the situations. So, we feel that when we take over Paramount, they will definitely be a better 
margin profile at closing that we take in our hands than the previous two transactions. 
 
And so, given their scale, we still believe that while Paramount is larger because the margin will 
be better the dilution will be less than what dilution you saw from both the other transactions. 
Also, it was not 240 bps because while the full year was 23.6% in FY '23 Q4 already was around 
22%, which was because of the investments we had continued to make in technology and other 
fronts. So, the margin dilution, when you look at it in '23 also, we've consistently said that there 
were investments made. It is not all because of acquisitions. So, acquisitions are not equal to 
significant margin dilution. So, that way, there'll be a small number in '26, but it'll start 
improving '27 onwards itself. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala with IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thank you. I have three questions. Firstly, can you break down in terms of the lower margin 
that Paramount has, how much of that is a function of, their realization versus their cost 
structures being high? Second is, at what market share level on the corporate, business side, do 
we start coming under CCI scanner? And thirdly, are we buying the Paramount's India business 
or the overall entity because if I remember it correctly, they also had some international 
operations in Southeast Asia. So, is that any part of it or not? 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Thanks very much. First, I just answer we're only, and this is purely a Paramount TPA India-
only business acquisition and does not cover any of the other businesses that the group might or 
might not have. This is the regulated entity and that's why the reason for us to go to the insurance 
regulator. On the other two questions that you have, I'm going to hand over to Satish. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Morning, Rishi. The yields are comparable to us. It's not necessarily a, yield issue from a margin 
side and it is the case with most TPAs are the yields that we get based on products are very 
similar across all the TPAs and that continues to be the case. Of course, given the mix of the 
corporates, the Paramount's yields are in fact even better at an overall group level compared to 
us and hence it should be effective. 
 
So, the cost structures perspective, typically where we have seen the difference between our 
margins and others margins are predominantly the headcount related costs, which are far lower 
for us compared to everybody else because of the extensive technology deployments that we 
have. And second, our retention rates have always been superior and giving us a lot more 
predictability and a lot more, smoothness of the same store, revenue growth. 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
Third, our focus on the group business and the retail business, which allowed us to run 
integrations and run, claims operations at scale. And again, driven mostly by technology. Right. 
So, I think these are the two, three areas in operations that most TPAs are different from us. 
Paramount cost structures are very similar from our composition perspective, and that's where 
we expect to get synergies as we bring the business back. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
And the CCI question? 
Satish Gidugu: 
At this point, we do not, yes, sorry, go ahead. 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Sorry, Niraj, would you take that please? 
Niraj Didwania: 
Yes. So, Rishi, one is the revenue and or the net asset value thresholds are INR1250 crores plus. 
And so, we are significantly away from that problem. The other is on the market share. The 
market share will be looked at based on the opinion we have as a claims processing business. 
And that even today, apart from the TPA industry, it's also the insurers who do it in-house. 
 
So, that's why when we look at who's processing claims, the entire health insurance premiums 
and the industry gets looked at, of which we today own about 23.6%. So, again, there we are not 
in any zone which is very close to any issue we may have in the next few years, at least. 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria with Boring AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Hi, sir. And congratulations on your position. So, just a quick question. What will we be doing 
at Paramount to make sure that the margins are in line with our margins in in long run? 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
I'm sorry, Varun, could you repeat that question, please? 
Varun Gajaria: 
Yes. So, what is the plan in doing at Paramount level to make sure that our margins are, you 
know, margins of Paramount TPA long run are in line with our margins? 
Vikram Chhatwal: 
Sure. Thank you, Varun. I'll hand over to Satish. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Yes. Morning, Varun. Thank you. So, once we close the transaction, Varun, the responsibility 
of running the active contracts, retaining them, or adding new business or improving margins is 
firstly our responsibility. And in the long run, Paramount TPA will get merged into Medi Assist 
TPA and we become a single entity. That's a process that will take anywhere from 12 to 18 
months. 
 
And the playbook is very similar, which is one, you retain all of the existing accounts, make sure 
that the same store growth continues to create a larger base, and two, change the operating model, 
which is predominantly a technology-led operating model, where we deploy a lot of tech, a lot 
of the integrations with the industry. And in fact, our support costs are far lower and our service 
is significantly of self-help in nature. So, those are some of the things. 

 
Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
 
 
August 27, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
And like we said in the slide deck, some opportunistic synergies on the infrastructure and the 
people side will allow us to get the margins back to our margin profile. And that remains the 
same playbook for all of the integrations. And then that's where you already see those synergies 
from Advantage and Raksha kicking in today. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. And do we plan on retaining the entire employee staff at the base there? Or with 
technology coming in, you might call it for some cuts? 
Satish Gidugu: 
I think that, Varun, I think I would ask you to look at it slightly differently. We have historically 
grown at par or faster than the health insurance growth rates. Our headcounts, our employee 
costs have not grown in line with the growth rates that we have. So, of course, as we look at the 
overall growth opportunity, and we will ensure that I think what will be a good way to look at it 
is that the employee benefit expenses as a percentage of revenue will be closer to where we are 
today on the consolidated basis. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Thank you for taking questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Niraj Didwania 
for closing comments. Niraj. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Thank you, everybody, for participating in this call and for your active questions and interaction. 
We are available offline to address any queries that you may have. So, please do write in to us 
for the same. And we look forward to further interactions in the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The conference of Medi Assist Healthcare Services, has now concluded. Thank you 
for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines. 
