
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
10/24, Kumara Krupa Road, High Grounds, Bangalore – 560 001 
CIN: L17112KA1985PLC006647 
 
“Q1 Financial Year 2014 Results Conference Call” 
 
August 08, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Participants: 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka, Executive Director 
 
Mr. KP Pradeep, President Finance and Group CFO;  
 
Mr. Ashutosh Halbe , Vice President - Corporate Finance 
 
Mr. Ashok Sharma, AVP Treasury, Taxation and Company Secretary 
 
Mr. T G S Gupta, AVP - Finance 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Himatsingka Seide 
Limited Q1 FY 2015 Conference Call, hosted by Macquarie Capital. As 
a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Amit Mishra from Macquarie Capital. Thank you 
and over to you! 
Amit Mishra: 
Good afternoon everyone. It is our pleasure to host Himasingka Seide 
Limited post results conference call today and we thank you all for 
participating on it. To represent the company, we have with us Mr. 
Shrikant Himatsingka, Executive Director, Mr. K. P. Pradeep, President 
– Finance and Group CFO, and Mr. Ashutosh Halbe, VP Corporate 
Finance, Mr. Mr. Ashok. Sharma, AVP, Treasury Taxation and 
Company Secretary, and Mr. TGS Gupta, AVP Finance. I would now 
like to hand over the call to Mr. Pradeep for the opening comments and 
then we will open the call for Q&A. Over to you Sir! 
K. P. Pradeep: 
Good evening everybody. Thank you for joining the call. I would like to 
give you a brief summary of first quarter results for financial year 2015. 
I will walk you through the performance of the manufacturing divisions 
and then retail and distribution divisions followed by the consolidated 
performance of the group. 
 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 For Q1 FY’15 - Manufacturing & Standalone performance 
 
Revenues from manufacturing Activities for the first quarter ended June 
2014, Revenues from Manufacturing Operations stood at Rs. 228.74 
crores, a growth of 6.9 % over Rs 213.91 crores during the same period 
last year.  
 
The capacity utilisation for Bed Linen plant was 89.0% and that for 
Drapery and Upholstery plant was 54.0%.  
 
Realisations for Bed Linen products increased by 5.6 % to Rs. 377 per 
metre from Rs 357 per metre during the same quarter last year. 
Realisations for Drapery and Upholstery products increased by 14.1% to 
Rs 1,344 per metre from Rs 1,178 per metre. 
 
Coming to operating expenses, the other expenses for the quarter 
decreased by 5.4% to Rs.26.11 Crores versus Rs.27.59 Crores in the 
same quarter last year, a decrease of Rs.1.48 Crores is attributable on 
account of an increase in power and fuel of Rs.1.5 Crores compensated 
by an incremental forex gain of Rs.3 Crores. 
 
The depreciation is lower by Rs.1.91 crores due to reassessed useful 
lives of assets as per revised schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The EBITDA (including other income) increased by 9.1% to Rs. 41.79 
crores from Rs. 38.30 crores during the same period in the last year. 
EBITDA as a percentage of sales stood at 18.3% this quarter vs. 17.9% 
in the same quarter last year. 
 
The EBIT (including other income) increased by 20.2% to Rs 32.16 
crores from Rs 26.76 crores during the same period in the last year. 
 
Interest and Finance Charges for Q1 FY’15 decreased by 25.4% to Rs 
9.42 crores from Rs 12.63 crores during the same quarter last year.  
 
Interest and finance charges for the quarter decreased to Rs. 9.42 Crores 
from Rs. 12.63 Crores during the same period last year due to the 
following: 
a) Loan origination cost expensed off was Rs.1.87 crores in Q1 2013-
14. 
b) Change in mix of working capital leading to fall in interest by 
Rs.1.34 crores. 
 
Today we take our working capital on a packing credit which is in Indian 
Rupees vis-à-vis packing credit which was in foreign currency in the 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 4 of 18 
past, so it is completed shifted to Indian Rupees and that is making a 
difference. 
 
Standalone PAT for Q1 FY’15 increased by 60.9% to Rs 22.74 crores 
from Rs 14.13 crores during the same quarter last year. 
  
Quarterly Retail and Distribution performance 
 
North America 
 
Revenue from our Retail and Distribution business in North America 
(Divatex and DWI) during the quarter increased by 3.6% to Rs 414.51 
crores vs. Rs 400.15 crores during the same period last year.  
 
The Gross margins as a percentage of sales improved from 12.3% to 
12.8% as a result of product mix leading to an increase in gross margin 
by 8.3% to Rs. 53.20 crores from Rs. 49.14 crores. EBITDA for the 
quarter was marginally lower at Rs 17.60 crores vs. Rs 18.42 crores 
during the same period last year. The reduction was on account of higher 
cost of operations due to higher product development costs and delays in 
realising the benefits of warehouse and office consolidation.  
 
 
Atmosphere 
 
As regards the retail business in India and Asia represented by 
Atmosphere, Revenues for the quarter were Rs. 12.39 crores versus Rs. 
10.99 crores during the last year, an increase of 12.7% 
 
EBITDA including other income is negative Rs. 0.16 crores as against 
Rs. 0.67 crores in the previous year. During the quarter the division was 
impacted by an increase in its sourcing costs. The price increase was not 
passed through the value chain and this is expected to happen over the 
next few quarters. 
  
Giuseppe Bellora SpA 
 
The Revenues for the distribution division in Europe were at Rs 29.64 
crores for the quarter compared to Rs 20.81 crores in the previous year, 
an increase of 42.4%.  
 
EBITDA for the quarter was income of Rs.0.12 crores as against a loss 
of Rs. 3.35 crores in the previous year. The improvement in financial 
performance is due to focus on 
increasing the revenues from Non-Italian market, reduced business 
complexity and benefits of cost rationalization.  
 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Consolidated performance – Q1 FY’15 
 
The Group consolidated revenues grew 5.2% to Rs. 502.68 crores vs. Rs. 
477.70 crores in the same quarter last year.  
 
Other Expenses for the quarter increased by 9.1% to Rs. 67.90 crores vs. 
Rs. 62.22 crores in the previous year. Other expenses were up by Rs. 
5.68 crores as a result of  higher operating activity, Major items include 
external processing charges in our European subsidiary of Rs.3.70 crores 
, increase in coal consumption of Rs. 1.00 crores, increase in power and 
fuel expenses of Rs. 1.40 crores. These expenses being netted off by an 
incremental forex gain of Rs. 2.90 crores 
 
 
The consolidated EBITDA (including other income) increased by 7.5% 
to Rs. 55.39 crores compared to Rs. 51.54 crores in the same quarter last 
year. EBITDA as a percentage of sales stood at 11.1% this quarter vs. 
10.8% in the same quarter last year. 
 
EBIT (including other income) for the quarter increased by 13.2% to Rs 
43.55 crores from Rs 38.48 crores during the same period last year. 
 
Interest and Finance Charges for the quarter reduced to Rs. 19.1 crores 
from Rs. 20.32 crores in the previous year. Interest charges for the 
quarter have decreased to Rs. 19.10 Crores from Rs. 20.32 Crores during 
the same period last year on account of 
 
a) Loan origination cost expensed off was Rs.1.87 crores in Q1 
2013-14. 
b) Change in mix of working capital in India operations leading to 
fall in interest by Rs.1.34 crores 
c) Higher working capital borrowings in our overseas subsidiaries  
leading to increase in cost by Rs. 1.36 crores 
d) Higher exchange rates for translation impacting the cost by Rs 
0.63 cores 
 
The consolidated Profit before tax for the quarter is at Rs 24.45 crores 
compared Rs 18.16 crores in the same quarter last year. 
 
The consolidated Profit after tax and minority interest is Rs. 21.55 crores 
for the quarter compared to Rs. 16.54 crores during the previous year 
showed a growth of 30.3%. 
 
 
Inventory 
 
Consolidated inventory as on 30th of June 2014 stood at Rs 615.43 
crores as against Rs. 638.25 crores on 31 March 2014.  

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Debt Position 
 
The total debt outstanding as of 30 June 2014 is Rs 806 crores; Rs 453 
crores being the term debt and Rs. 353 crores being the working capital 
debt. The Company's effective cost of debt is at 6.2 % compared to 
5.92% in the previous quarter.   
 
During the quarter ended 30 June 2014, term debt repayment was Rs 
32.23 crores. 
 
 
This sums up the performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2014. I will 
now hand over to the moderator to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Niraj Mansingka 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions on the company. 
First on the Bellora. Bellora had a positive EBITDA contribution for this 
quarter. Can you give some colour on how it is received and how we see 
the trajectory going forward? 
Management: 
The group has undertaken several measures on its European subsidiary 
front, which include exiting loss making stores, driving focus on product 
mix, cost rationalizations that is being taken on in that subsidiary and so 
on including taking the brand to new markets. So, as a result we have 
seen a 42% increase in topline year-on-year in that subsidiary. As far as 
the quarter is concerned, I am not saying that 42% is necessarily 
sustainable every quarter, but as far as the quarter is concerned, it 
showed a marked improvement and as a result of all these measures, the 
EBITDA from a negative 3.35 Crores last year has come into the 0.12 
levels. It is definitely a marked improvement and the subsidiary has 
stopped bleeding to the extent that it did last year. So going forward I 
think we will focus in bringing the financials of this subsidiary on track 
and ensure that it becomes accretive in the quarters to come. 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Niraj Mansingka: Can you just throw some colour on how the volume was achieved and I 
just had a thought how sustainable is it in the sense that if you have 
launched into new markets say the US, so would not a first quarter 
inventory push a marked improvement on the transitory phase and later 
on come down on the growth, just a thought?  
Management: 
Like I said, this kind of growth is not necessarily what we see on QOQ, 
but overall the revenues seem to be going north and even in Q1 because 
of several measures were taken during February and March of 2014 in 
terms of cost rationalization, the overhangs stand during Q1 so, I think 
the fiscal performance of that subsidiary will continue to improve year-
on-year even though we might see some movements in terms of revenue 
streams because in these business revenue streams can vary from 
quarter-to-quarter. So, for example, in Europe, August is a weak month 
given the holiday season there. So I think the momentum in the 
subsidiary will continue as I had mentioned. 
Niraj Mansingka: When you say, you had significant increase in the debt in the 
subsidiaries because of the launch last quarter. Can you share some 
colour on how do you see the debt coming off because of whatever 
expenses we have done and take off in the markets? 
Management: 
Niraj, I think your second question relates to North America. So, in 
context to our overall debt, we have corrected slightly from March 31 
levels from 814 Crores to 806 Crores, but there is off this as Pradeep 
mentioned our term debt has fallen 482 Crores to 452 Crores, but we 
have seen a slight increase on the working capital debt side from 332 
Crores to 352 Crores. So, the overall situation as I see it, our term debt 
will continue to go south, working capital movements from vary from 
QTQ, but the specific incremental working capital debt that we refer to 
even during the last call vis-à-vis North Americas consequently we have 
had some additional new programs that are lined up to go into the 
market. So we see the working capital debts be sort of stable for a few 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 8 of 18 
more months before it starts to correct. However, the term debt will 
continue to correct. 
Niraj Mansingka: What would the launch of new programs lead to and is your guidance 
still there for reduction of 100 Crores of working capital debt? 
Management: 
To reduce the total debt in that region because it is a little difficult to 
predict working capital movements across six operating divisions but I 
think the key thing to focus and ensure that the term debt is on its way 
down which it is and as far as working capital is concerned, I will 
continue to maintain that in the over the next few quarters that it should 
correct, but it is a little difficult to predict. 
Niraj Mansingka: I think this was a big concern that we are having because as a percentage 
of revenues we will see the working capital and I know it is not a right 
metric but it went up from 35% to almost 67%. 
Management: 
Our networth as of March 31 stood at 745 Crores, and as of the end of 
June 30 stood at around 767 Crores. Our net debt stands at 770 Crores so 
our net debt to equity is more or less 1:1 at this point. With an increase 
in EBITDA and debt being constant our debt EBITDA and other debt 
ratios continue to see improvement. So, I still hold on to our view that 
our term debt will go south, our working capital will also correct, except 
the timing of working capital correction is a little unpredictable in terms 
of exactly when it will begin to correct because the pipeline remains 
fairly strong, and to answer your other part of your question, what does 
this strong pipeline result into really it will ensure that the organic 
undertone of revenue growth continues. So as I have said earlier today as 
well the fact is that you know the last two years have seen a CAGR of 
close to 20% on revenues, and while we are off to a slightly weaker start 
in the Q1 of this year I feel that it should correct during the year, but I 
also feel at the same time that maintaining 20% growth rate in FY 2015 
in particular maybe a little optimistic but we will definitely be at a 
slightly higher rate than what we saw in the first quarter. So these 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 9 of 18 
pipelines of new programs etc., ensure that our organic growth rates 
across businesses continue to be buoyant. If you see what Pradeep 
mentioned during his summary of results all our divisions saw a growth 
during the quarter. So manufacturing, North America, Europe and our 
India Asia businesses saw a growth during the quarter. So there is some 
working capital pull when we see the growth, but it will eventually keep 
our revenue pipelines buoyant. 
Niraj Mansingka: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhwanil Shah 
from iWealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Shah: 
Good evening Sir. Sir my question was regarding our topline growth, 
where we said this quarter it has come down. Could you highlight a few 
reasons why it has come down? 
Management: 
Can you repeat the question? What has come down? 
Dhwanil Shah: 
Our sales have come down this quarter by a single digit number on 
5.4%. Could you highlight few reasons why it has come down and how 
do see it going forward? 
Management: 
Like I said, in this business we see variations in quarters. A certain new 
launches or existing programs etc., sometimes the timing differences, so 
it just happens to be a quarter where revenues were growing at 5%-odd. I 
do not see it as any particular sign of anything. Like I said as we go 
through FY 2015 I expect this to correct a little. I do not see FY 2015 to 
hold at 20% growth rates that we did during the last two years. So we 
will see a slight correction on the revenue growth side but I think our 
focus on sweating assets and enhancing our ROE, enhancing our ROCE, 
improving our debt ratios and delivering higher earnings I think as far as 
that focus is concerned, we have come in well. We have 30% growth in 
bottomline and slight correction in debt, material correction on term debt 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 10 of 18 
and so on. So I think our focus on ROE, ROCE and our earnings quality 
absolutely remains steadfast. We are only focused on enhancing that and 
quarterly variations in revenue growth at this point do not face us as long 
as the underlying growth continues. 
Dhwanil Shah: 
Sir, could you tell me how is the margin outlook for the next two years 
EBITDA side will be around this level or will be more higher digit, 
because we were going to introduce some new product mix where we 
have changed. We were supposed to do that if I am not wrong? 
Management: 
There has been a slight improvement on the EBITDA margin year-on-
year from 10.6% to 10.9% year-on-year. I do think there is a scope to 
further enhance the EBITDA margins. For example in manufacturing the 
EBITDA in manufacturing business increased from 16.7% to 17% year-
on-year consolidated EBITDA margins also saw increase from 10.6% to 
10.9%. So obviously it is a marginal increase but I think there is scope 
for us to continue to sweat our EBITDA margins as well. I will not be 
able to give you an indicative percentage number as to where I see the 
EBITDA percentages two years down the line, I believe that the model is 
as an integrated model with a strong portfolio brands we currently 
operate a portfolio of eight brands and as I had also mentioned during 
our last earnings calls for FY 2014 we came in at over 635 Crores on 
branded revenues and we see branded revenues exceed 1000 Crores in 
over the next three years. So I think with brands growing we will see a 
positive impact on EBITDA margins on the distribution side as well 
while they continue to sweat our manufacturing assets. So overall I see 
our EBITDA margins going north. 
Dhwanil Shah: 
Sir, in our other operating expense, I missed that point. There were a few 
foreign exchange items, there was one foreign exchange item. Can you 
tell me that number? I just missed out. 
Management: 
There was an incremental foreign exchange gain of 3 Crores in the other 
expenses line 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Dhwanil Shah: 
3 Crores? 
Management: 
Yes, an incremental forex gain. 
Dhwanil Shah: 
Sir, can you tell me what will be excise duty for the current year? 
Management: 
You should take anywhere between 18% and 19%. 
Dhwanil Shah: 
Thanks a lot. All the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Niraj Mansingka 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: Sir, wanted to ask you on the cotton prices. Now how do you see the 
cotton prices which has corrected significantly in the dollar terms impact 
your margins because what we know is your yarn light and obviously 
this increase in opportunity for you to get cotton on the lower price. So, 
would you be able to get a significant higher margins for the next two to 
three quarters as we see the prices of yarn coming off? 
Management: 
Niraj, two things. Yes there is a slight correction on the raw material 
front that we are seeing over starting Q3. I do not have visibility on Q4 
raw material prices as of now, but the next three four months, there is 
some decrease in raw material pricing. It is marginal and nothing 
material will that push up or help enhance margins possibly depending 
on product mix. 
Niraj Mansingka: Sir, but why would not increase in the sense? 
Management: 
It would, but in technically speaking or financially speaking rather, there 
can also be a change in product mix. So let us say inherent product mix 
happens to undergo change using the cue. Even though you might have 
some positive impact from raw material it could potentially be negated 
by a change in product mix. So that does not take away the fact that it 
will still help margins but I am saying that there could also be another 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 12 of 18 
factor coming in from product mix, which will manifest as the quarter 
comes along. 
Niraj Mansingka: Currently how much days of inventory do you hold generally? 
Management: 
Maybe 20 days. 
Niraj Mansingka: Which means most of the earnings, whatever margin improvement 
happens if any because of the yarn price it should happen significantly 
you will show in the Q3. 
Management: 
Yes, but while 20 days is what we hold there is an order pipeline of close 
to 60 plus days, 60 to 70 days. That is already an order. 
Niraj Mansingka: But the pricing for them how they are determined for that 60 days order 
pipeline? 
Management: 
Yes, it is determined. 
Niraj Mansingka: Sir, slightly tactical question on the quarterly numbers henceforth. How 
does the rupee depreciation impact the volatility of your quarterly 
numbers going forward? 
Management: 
It is a very difficult question to answer because there are a lot of factors 
that go into play in the balance sheet level and the P&L level. So, it is a 
very difficult question to answer off hand. We hedge our exposures 
through our risk management framework. We can take this question 
offline if you want a more detailed reply 
Niraj Mansingka: I will take it offline. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Milind 
Karmarkar from Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
The profits this quarter were of course pretty good, 
but frankly the topline growth was a bit disappointing. In the last quarter 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 13 of 18 
concall I think we probably expected a slightly higher growth. So you 
have been saying that the growth because I heard you on the television 
also and you have been insisting that the growth would be better, but 
lower than 20%. Can we put a number to that? 
Management: 
We expect maybe since you are asking the question, I said that I do not 
see a 20% growth rate in FY 2015 and yet I see trending higher than 
what we achieved in Q1 which is 5.2%. So I think in the region of 8% to 
10% is what we could see during this year. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Would this be predominantly driven by your US sales 
or it would be combination of all? 
Management: 
It will be a combination. I am talking about net consolidated revenues. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Fair enough, and if in case of margins you expect the 
margins to be maintained at the level which we have done maybe in the 
current quarter? 
Management: 
I did not follow your second question. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
As far as the margins are concerned, would we be able 
to maintain or maybe slightly better the margins what we did in the first 
quarter going forward in the subsequent three quarters? 
Management: 
Milind, again it is difficult to predict, but I think we are seeing a great 
deal of stability and marginal improvements year-on-year on all 
parameters. So I think that it would be safe to assume that we could 
potentially see this marginal improvement to continue although the 
marginal improvement in percentage terms but in absolute terms it 
would be in 50. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Avinash Agrawal 
from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Avinash Agrawal: Good evening Sir. Sir, just wanted to understand the slowdown in North 
America. Is it driven by the Divatex business or the DWI business or 
both? 
Management: 
As far as DWI and Divatex is concerned they should be looked at in 
tandem. So, we look at of course they are two legal entities that have 
their respective revenue streams but they are under North America 
umbrella and I would not say there is any particular weakness in either 
of their models and revenue streams during the quarter. I had mentioned 
earlier that in our business we see varying offtake from quarter-to-
quarter and timing differences are quite often seen. So, I would say as far 
as North America is concerned, we saw a stable quarter with only a 3.6% 
increase in revenues, so perhaps I see this to better itself as we go along 
FY 2015. 
Avinash Agrawal: But in terms of total topline like you mentioned that we are probably at a 
higher base now, but what is driving this slowdown, is it because of you 
are seeing some kind of a consumer slowdown there in North America or 
is it just that our capacities are fully utilized now. What do you think is 
actually kind of bringing down this growth rate? 
Management: 
As far as North America is concerned, it is mutually exclusive to our 
capacity utilizations in India even if our capacity utilizations in India are 
maximized that will not hold back our North American divisions from 
growing. That is my first point. The second point more specific to your 
question is that I cannot pinpoint any particular negative that I see in that 
market, which has caused revenue run rates to slow down. It is just being 
stable quarter for us. Typically run rates are also driven by pipelines, 
strengths of pipelines in terms of new brand launches, new product 
launches, new program launches. We seem to have a good pipeline at 
this point although the fact is as the numbers come through it has been 
stable, but I hope to see that inch up during FY 2015. 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Avinash Agrawal: Sir, the new program that we were talking about in Q4 has that been 
launched in Q1 or would it be launched in Q2? 
Management: 
You know we spoke about a new program in context to Q4 specifically 
in context to increase in inventory, but what I would like to mention is as 
our revenue streams in North America are in the region of $300 million 
and we constantly launched new products and new programs. We had 
mentioned specifically during our Q4 call that there was a launch of a 
specifically large program which caused an increase in inventory, the 
same has been launched, but like I said there has been other launches 
subsequently in context to the pipeline we had and the inventory remains 
stable therefore. 
Avinash Agrawal: Sir just one book keeping question. Could you Drapery and Upholstery 
revenue? 
Management: 
Drapery and Upholstery division revenue in fact 32.05 Crores in the 
current quarter. 
Avinash Agrawal: EBITDA Sir? 
Management: 
The EBITDA was at 6.45 Crores. This is 25.76 Crores in the same 
quarter previous year and EBITDA of 4.98 Crores in the quarter 
previous year. 
Avinash Agrawal: Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhautik Chauhan 
from Span Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhautik Chauhan: Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Congratulations for good set of 
numbers. Most of my questions have been answered. Just a couple of 
questions; Sir what would be your average dollar realization for the 
quarter? 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Management: 
In the region of around 61.50 to 61.60. 
Bhautik Chauhan: My next question is if you can help me out with the order book going 
forward for this year or for this quarter that would be useful? 
Management: 
Stable at around 300 Crores. 
Bhautik Chauhan: Sir, going forward do we see improvement in North American division 
going forward for the next one to two years? 
Management: 
Absolutely. Like I said we are amongst the strongest players in the North 
American geography. We operate the strongest portfolio brands in the 
home textile space in the North American geography. We sell our Calvin 
Kline brand is the second largest selling department store brand in the 
United States. We are the top five players as far as catering to the retail 
sector as concerned, so I definitely see a strong potential to grow our 
North American business over the next two to three years. We are 
actively looking for enhancing our portfolio of brands as well as our 
private labels strengths and while we will see some variation QTQ I 
think it is important to note that the underlying model portfolio is strong 
and therefore given the stability that we are seeing in that market we 
should see growth. 
Bhautik Chauhan: Absolutely. Another question pertains to the brand at Atmosphere? So 
how do we see Atmosphere? Do you see the company growing in one or 
two years? 
Management: 
It is a pertinent question. Atmosphere brand is a luxury Drapery and 
Upholstery brand, which is at this point focused on the Indian market. 
The brand is a strong brand in terms of the brand appeal and brand 
recall. Overall the last couple of years or a few years rather the brand has 
not seen any material growth or degrowth and as largely been stable. The 
group is revisiting the right business plan to grow this brand. I do not 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 17 of 18 
think we will see any material movement as far as the Atmosphere brand 
is concerned. We will see in the next 12 months. 
Bhautik Chauhan: That is all from my side. Wish you all the best for the coming years. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Niraj Mansingka 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: I just wanted an update on your current thoughts on the capex plans 
because you are running almost 90% utilization in the bedsheet segment. 
So any thoughts on that? 
Management: 
Valid point Niraj. Our utilization at the Drapery and Upholstery plants 
stood at 54% for the quarter and our utilization in the bedding facility 
stood at in the region of 89%. We have undertaken certain 
debottlenecking measures in the bedding facility which should unleash 
the marginal capacity. The company is in the midst of analyzing its 
growth options in terms of capacity in the medium term. That is an 
assessment that we are undergoing at this point and evaluating our 
options in terms of timeframes and specifications. So I do not see any 
announcements from us at least in the next six months or any specific 
capacity expansion, but what I would like to say is the matter is being 
worked out and the direction is being charted out as far as the 
manufacturing is concerned. As far as our retail and distribution 
revenues are concerned, which is in the region of 1800 Crores for FY 
2014 naturally those revenue streams are not dependent entirely on 
group manufacturing and their growth is independent to the 
manufacturing capacity utilizations of the group. So our manufacturing 
business which for FY 2014 stood at 983 Crores and for the Q1 of this 
year stood at 228 Crores that manufacturing business should be able to 
sweat capacities by another 10% to 15% on the bedding side and another 
30% odd on the Drapery and Upholstery side while we work out our 
plans. 

 
                                   Himatsingka Seide Limited 
August 08, 2014 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Niraj Mansingka: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Hem Agrawal 
from Hem Agrawal & Company. Please go ahead. 
Hem Agrawal: 
I would like to know about your operations cash flow please? 
Management: 
The cash flow from operations are actually stand enhanced during the 
first quarter but the specifics I would request you to speak to K. P. 
offline and he would be happy to share them with you. 
Hem Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand over the floor 
back to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Management: 
I would just like to thank everybody for taking the time to join the 
earnings call. We were quite pleased with our operating performance 
during the quarter. We hope we have been able to answer your questions. 
If you have any further questions do get in touch. We look forward to 
interacting with you again at the end of the second quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Macquarie Capital that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
