 
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
   Medplus Health Services Limited 
                                                   
 
 
Regd Off. H No. 11-6-56 Sy. No. 257 & 258/1, Opp: IDPL Railway Siding, Moosapet, Kukatpally- Hyd-500037, TS India.
040-6724 6724 
CIN No: L85110TG2006PLC051845 I Website: www.medplusindia.com  I   Email:medplus@medplusindia.com 
 
August 7, 2024 
 
 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                                                
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza , 5th Floor 
Dalal Street, Fort,                          
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Mumbai – 400001                                                     
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Scrip code: 543427                                                    
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: MEDPLUS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Analyst / Earning Call / Conference Call: 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith transcript of the earnings conference call held with analyst 
on August 5, 2024 for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. The same is available on Company’s website at 
www.medplusindia.com   
 
 
Thanking You, 
For MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
 
Manoj Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
FCS 7460 
 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
MANOJ 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2024.08.07 
15:37:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“MedPlus Health Services Limited 
Q1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. Gangadi Madhukar Reddy - Chief Executive Officer 
and Managing Director 
Mr. Sujit Kumar Mahato - Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Chetan Dikshit - Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Srinivas - Sr. Manager Finance 
 
 
 
 
 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the MedPlus Health Services Limited Q1 and 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivas. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Srinivas: 
Thank you, Shajal. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of MedPlus, it's my utmost pleasure to 
welcome you all to the MedPlus Q1 FY '25 earnings call to discuss the financial results of 
MedPlus for the first quarter of FY '25 which were announced on the 2nd August 2024. We have 
with us today the senior management team represented by Mr. Madhukar Reddy Gangadi, CEO 
and MD; Mr. Sujit Mahato, CFO and Mr. Chetan Dikshit, CSO. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward looking in nature, and may involve risks and uncertainties. Please note, the 
disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties on slide 1 of the investor presentation shared 
with all of you earlier, documents relating to our financial performance were circulated earlier, 
and these have also been posted on our corporate website. I would now hand over the call to 
Sujit. Thank you. And over to you, Sujit. 
Sujit Mahato: 
Thank you, Srinivas, and a very good evening to everyone on the call. We are pleased to share 
that as of June 30, we have been serving communities in over 650 cities across 10 states through 
our network of 4,444 pharmacy outlets. Also, the company operates four full service diagnostic 
centers, eight level two centers and over 110 collection centers, offering essential diagnostic 
services at affordable rates. 
I would now brief upon the openings and closures of our outlet. Over the past 12 months we 
have added a net total of 469 gross 568 store editions with 66 stores opened during quarter one. 
However, planned new store openings for FY '25 remains at 600. In the first quarter, 44% of our 
store openings were in tier 2 two cities and beyond. At present, out of our 4,444 stores, 2,031 
representing 45% are situated entire two cities and beyond. We continue to acknowledge the 
growth potential inherent in these markets. 
Throughout Q1, there were 29 store closures. Taking into account both openings and closures, 
we achieved a net addition of 37 stores during the quarter, compared to the 174 stores added in 
Q4. In terms of our network, the age of the network is around 36% of our stores are operational 
for less than two years and the remaining 64% of our stores have been operational for two years 
or more. It's noteworthy that all stores in the less than two years age bracket are still in their 
ramp up phase. 
As these stores mature, we anticipate a positive contribution to our profitability. As a guardrail, 
we closely monitor the timeframe for our new stores to reach breakeven. For stores opened 
between July 2003 and December '23, approximately 64% of them achieved breakeven within 
six months of operation. As a cohort, all stores combined reach breakeven in just four months. 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
In terms of our store size, as at the end of the quarter, our network has grown to 4,444 stores 
with 2.3 million plus square feet compared to 3,975 stores representing 2.1 million square feet 
at the end of June 2023. The average store size was 529 square feet. To give you a sense of 
spread in store sizes, we have 3,269 stores, less than 650, and 1,175 stores that are greater than 
600 square feet. 
On our revenue mix, we are strategically positioned to increase our revenue share from private 
label products. Our private label range is crafted to provide customers with high quality products 
at competitive prices. Presently, MedPlus offers over 880 carefully selected SKUs panning 
across pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical categories. 
Private label sales for quarter one FY '25 constitute 15.8% of our total revenue. Moreover, our 
growing presence in tier 2 cities and beyond is significantly impacting on our revenue mix. Sales 
from these markets comprised 36% of our pharmacy revenues in the current quarter, marking an 
increase from 34% in the same period last year. 
The following is the impact of the launch of MedPlus branded product across our network. In 
quarter one FY '24, prior to the launch, the share of private label pharma stood at 7.9% of total 
GMV compared to 15% during the current quarter. The increase in the private label GMV share 
indicates a positive reception from customers, and validates our commitment to delivering high 
quality products under the MedPlus brand umbrella. 
Now on the financial numbers. On our quarter performance, our consolidated revenue was 
INR14,888 million with growth of 15.9% YoY and remains flat quarter-on-quarter. Our 
consolidated operating EBITDA stood at INR435 million representing 2.9%. Around 99% of 
our revenue is from our pharmacy operations. Revenue from pharmacy operations grew by 24% 
year-on-year on GMV basis and by 15.3% year-on-year on net basis. The pharmacy operating 
EBITDA stood at INR432 million representing 3%. The pharmacy operating EBITDA adjusted 
for special marketing spend of INR95 million stood at INR527 million, representing 3.6%. 
Now on our stores performance, I would like to update on our stores older than 12 months. 
Revenue from these stores in quarter one was INR13,604 million or 94% of pharmacy revenues. 
These stores had a store level EBITDA margin of 9.3%. The store level operating ROCE of the 
stores stood at 46.1%. 
Award year on the store level EBITDA margin by age, while stores greater than 12 months had 
a margin of 9.3%, this was 9.7% for stores greater than 24 months and 6.8% for stores in the 
13month to 24month age bracket. If we allocated non-store related cost, then the operating 
EBITDA of stores greater than 12 months would be INR525 million, which translates to a 
margin of 3.8%. 
On our diagnostic numbers, diagnostic revenue grew to INR242 million in quarter one FY '25 
compared to INR139 million in quarter one of FY '24. Diagnostic segment recorded an operating 
EBITDA of positive INR3.3 million compared to a loss of INR46 million in quarter one FY '24. 
However, central level operating EBITDA stood at INR31 million. 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Working capital. Our net working capital for Q1 was 69 days. The inventory in our warehouse 
stood at 40 days. In quarter one, the inventory level of our first year store was 104 days. In 
comparison, for our stores older than 12 months, the inventory was 47 days. 
Now I request Chetan to update on our diagnostic business. Over to you, Chetan. 
Chetan Dikshit: 
Thank you Sujit, and good afternoon, everyone. As you know, Q1 is a seasonally weak quarter 
for diagnostics. With that context, in April we sold 406 gross plans per day. In May and June, 
this was 408 and 442 respectively. As on the 31 March, we had 133,000 active plans and 247,000 
underlying lives covered under our plans. As on the 30 June, we had 141,000 active plans and 
270,000 underlying lives. Our current observed on time renewal rate was 24% in Q1 versus 21% 
in Q4. That concludes our update for the quarter. I request the host to open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Tanmay Gandhi from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Hi, sir, the quarter looks a relatively weaker one, and I understand that this is a relatively weaker 
quarter on a seasonal basis, but I just want to understand. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you sir. May I request you to please use your handset? 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Yes. Sir, my question is that, you know, whether do we need to revisit our guidance or are we 
reiterating our guidance of 20% plus top line growth and, you know, maintaining 4Q level 
margins? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: No, I don't think we need to change anything out there. As we mentioned earlier, Q1 is typically 
slow, and that's what it is. I don't think there's anything more to look beyond that honestly. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Sure. And the 16% growth looks very weak, given specifically if you look at pharma companies' 
growth, even the largest player had reported almost 16% year-on-year growth. So just wanted to 
understand that, have you plateaued in terms of market share against even our same store sales 
growth also looks a little tepid. Just wanted to understand that, you know, is it something, is it a 
market specific trend or there is someone off in our numbers? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: No, no, Tanmay, it's actually 23%. You know, given that significant portion of our sales is now 
coming from MedPlus private label, and these are all selling at, you know, half the price of our 
regular brands, right. So, any growth in this is going to definitely affect the overall top line. So, 
if you look at it MRP to MRP, and if you compare like to like out there, our growth is actually 
23%. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Understood. So GMV growth is 23%. Got it. So, the 20% plus growth which you have guided 
for, that is for reported revenue or that is for GMV revenue? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: No, that's actually for normal reported revenue only for this year. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Understood. And sir, you know, our store generics are relatively better in terms of gross margins, 
right, but still, we have seen a good 50 bps decline sequentially. So just wanted to understand 
that, you know, is there any inventory write off during the quarter? 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: See, while the private label margin is definitely better than the regular branded margin and all, 
there are two things happening here. One, we are cannibalizing into the old private label, which 
had a slightly higher margin. 
And this one, as you know, while it is better, it is not as good as the old private label. We actually 
have 52% to 55% overall discount on this product. So, the margin is not going to be as accretive. 
So, if you look at a INR100 MRP equivalent for private label and for a branded generic, the 
regular one, if after the discount on a branded generic, we get something like 13 or 0.13 or 13% 
or something like that. 
On the new private label, you end up getting anywhere from 23 to 26. This is on the INR100 
MRP. If you look at on the net sales, it is going to be around 60, 64. So, it's not going to be as 
accretive. On the inventory and all. I'll let actually Sujit answer that, to see if there's any other 
adjustment. As far as I know, the private level growth is definitely accruing to us. The margins. 
Sujit Mahato: 
Yes. In addition, what I would like to highlight is since we are speaking on the sequential quarter, 
Tanmay, in terms of the other business income and the data fee which we had recorded in quarter 
four, we had also highlighted during that time that to the extent of 0.3% of the gross margin. 
There is a shortfall, which means that that was a Q4 event, which we also expect during the 
current fiscal. To that extent it has impacted our gross margin, and some amount of inventory 
provisioning has also impacted, which is another 0.3%. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Sure. Got it. That's all from mine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adrit Chaturvedi from Nomura Financial 
Services and Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Hello. Good evening. Yes, I was just trying to gauge the baseline margin performance of the 
stores. So, what I'm looking at is in 1Q FY '24, the overall retail pharmacy had an operating 
EBITDA margin of 2.7%. And on the like for like basis, if I look at 12 month plus operating 
EBITDA margin that is reported in this quarter, that's 3.8%. 
So that's roughly like 110 bps of increase on these stores, the baseline stores, excluding the stores 
that were not added particularly. So, I was just trying to understand if you could qualitatively let 
me know how much of this 110 bps is just your efficiency in terms of margin profitability, and 
how much is it just ramp up of a lot of stores that were on the platform at 12welve months. Or 
if you could just give me a number at how much is the operating EBITDA margin for 24month 
plus stores as of now? 
Sujit Mahato: 
Yes, sure. So, in terms of year-over-year, the way we have to look at is due to the change in the 
private label pharma mix, which has increased from 7.98% to 9.5%, there was an additional 
margin. Net of the cannibalization of our old private label, we were able to increase the gross 
margin by 60 basis points. 
Additionally, we had an impact, what I just mentioned a few moments ago, we had an unusual 
inventory provision around 0.3% which impacted our gross margin. In addition to that, on our 
private label non-pharma products, due to the mix change from 5.7 up to 7%, we had a positive 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
gross margin impact of another 25 basis points. So, with this, you will be able to broadly 
reconcile the year-on-year gross margin. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Okay, so what is your sense, just to follow up quickly, that out of this 110 bps increase that we 
are seeing on the baseline stores, how much could be attributed to just organic margin 
improvement and how much could be attributed to the ramp up of the new stores that were there 
on the platform last year? So, if you could, like out of the 110 bps, is there some sort of attribution 
that could be done? 
Sujit Mahato: 
I think we'll take that up offline, please. I don't have that handy. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Okay. And just finally for me, could you share the private label at MRP growth for the new and 
the old? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Yes. So as of last quarter, the private label stands at 15%. This is on GMV. I think it moved from 
13.5% to 15%. So, the growth over the quarter was 1.44. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
And like a YoY growth? Could there be a YoY growth in the private label, new and old? 
Sujit Mahato: 
Last year, it stood at 7.9% overall and now it stands at 15. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Okay. And how much of this could be the new one, the new private label? And how much is 
old? Are you only talking about the new private label because there's obviously cannibalization? 
Sujit Mahato: 
Yes. Out of this, I think, Yes. The old private label is at around 1.8% and the balance is new 
private label. 
Adrit Chaturvedi: 
Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you. That'll be it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhav: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you so much for your time. I wanted to understand that given that 
there's a big product mix, category mix change which is playing out in the company, is it more 
accurate to look at the company on a per store? Like should we look at EBITDA per store or 
gross profit per store? 
Would that be a better reflection of the profitability? Because if you look at that special 
marketing spend which we're doing of INR9.5 crores in quarter one, and if you assume that that's 
not going to be a recurring expense, EBITDA up a sort of, in my understanding, probably 
improves quite well on a year-over-year basis. So firstly, am I thinking in the right direction? If 
you could share your thoughts. 
Sujit Mahato: 
Sure, Madhav. See, as we had said earlier, we were running a pilot in Tamil Nadu, and that on 
that ground we ended up spending INR9.5 crores. While it is, you know, we didn't get what we 
expected, I don't think we're going to go and spend any more money or at least to this level in 
the next in the coming quarters. So, this is not a recurring expenditure. 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
So, if you take that out, definitely from a two -- I think from a 3, it goes up to 3.6 for MedPlus 
pharmacy and EBITDA. And as your question about, you know, should we do it store by store? 
That, Yes, we can take it offline. I don't think -- we don't have the data right now, but, Yes, that 
would be one way of looking at it. 
Madhav: 
Got it. And then just a second question was, I think you all said that the GMV growth was about 
24% versus 15%, 16% on a sales basis. So that 24% basically reflects volume growth at the 
network level, right? Is that how we should read into it? 
Sujit Mahato: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. Yes. It is just the Delta between 83, which is the selling price for us at 
INR100 MRP for a branded generic, versus 42 to 43, which is for the MedPlus brand. So, every 
time you do that, the percentage of these drugs which are sold at 42 INR100 MRP are going to 
be reflected in a slightly higher GMV growth. 
Madhav: 
Got it. And just the last question was that in some of the stores, like in Tamil Nadu or West 
Bengal, where the net plus private label mix, you know, has probably, like, you know, is higher 
versus some other parts of the network. If, you know, maybe, if not now, maybe in the quarter 
two call, if you could give us some more color in terms of how the profitability is in those stores, 
given that, you know, you would have like, probably good product mix change that played out. 
So just let me know directionally how the network would look two, three years out for the 
company as a private label. 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: We will try and, you know, do it as we go forward. But right now, while the growth has been 
very encouraging and it is something which we are banking on, I can't give you the exact 
numbers, like model but certainly we can work out at least. 
Madhav: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod Chandra, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinod Chandra: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I have two questions. One is generally we receive a notice 
about our store suspension, and there are a lot of notices about comes in a month. So, is there a 
specific reason behind those store suspension or can we not control well in advance before 
receiving these notices? So that is the first question. Should I ask the second on as well? Okay, 
Yes. The second question is about like, I know, like you are reporting and showing the store 
level operating EBITDA, right. Or ROCE, we say around 46%. So, is it like something, if you 
can give us the ballpark figure about like what would be the store level ROE figure rather than 
operating ROCE? So, these are the two questions I have. Thank you. 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Okay, great. And answer to your first question, it's see the suspensions, unfortunately, some of 
them are at least a part of the business, given a large network of 4,444 stores. And as you know, 
healthcare, especially pharma retail is a highly regulated business. And there's always some 
small issue or the other for which you receive a small suspension. 
For us, it is not material and it never came up earlier because it was not, any nonmaterial stuff 
was not supposed to be. We were not asked to report any nonmaterial, you know, kind of events. 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Now, of course, without changing the rules, we're doing everything out there. But again, as an 
answer, these are largely documentary issues, documentation kind of issues. So, this is 
something which we try to actually keep pace and try to reduce them. 
And other thing is, in a bunch of the suspensions which we received, which were for slightly 
higher number of days, we have actually gone to the court and gotten a stay. So, I don't think 
that's going to really impact us too much. We will fight that and get it out. 
But Yes, it is, I would say, unfortunately, something which we have to live with, not material, 
and we are trying our best to basically keep it under control as much as possible. We will 
definitely evaluate the store level ROE figure. We'll try and come back to you. Right now, we 
have -- we are reporting what we see RPI supported right now, but we will consider this, then 
come back. 
Vinod Chandra: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akansha Gupta from Solidarity Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Akansha Gupta: 
Hello. Yes, so my question is around the gross margins. Could you please give us the breakup 
of the gross margin segment wise? That is the private label pharma, the private label non-pharma 
and the branded pharma and brand FMCG businesses. 
Sujit Mahato: 
Yes. As a reference, for branded pharma, we will guide between 13% and 13.1%, private label 
Pharma, which was our old private label in the range of 74% to 76%. The newly launched 
MedPlus store level brand in the range of 64% to 66% gross margin. Branded non-pharma 
products in the range of 10.5% to 11%, and private label non-pharma product in the range of 
16% to 18%. 
Akansha Gupta: 
Okay. Okay, thanks. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. In terms of store additions, this quarter seems to 
be on the lower side. While we had guided for around 500 stores, 600 stores for FY '25, are we 
still maintaining that number? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Yes, Harith, so there's no change in guidance. If you have seen the last couple of years also, we 
usually do slightly better in the second, third and fourth quarters usually. This year, Q1 was 
unduly, I would say, kind of depressed because there were a couple of reasons. One of the main 
reasons was elections, I would say. 
We actually had a lot of attrition and we had a lot of people -- and we were finding it a little 
difficult to hire the right kind of people during that month. And so almost everything, due to 
various things, actually, it got a little delayed. And I had already mentioned that our overall focus 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
on MedPlus brand has increased a lot. And while that is not the main reason, that's where the 
company has been focused. For us, the guidance remains the same, one. 
We are looking at our complete network. And in addition, so this year, while the net will remain 
more or less the same, we could have a few more closures than usual, because we have added 
quite a few stores in the last three years, could be anywhere from 30 to 50 more than usual, if 
we are looking at the entire network out there, and so that may change the number a little bit, 
but I don't think the addition itself will be affected too much. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And this 15% GMV share of the pharma private label, how should we think about this 
number progressing over the next few quarters? And probably where do you see this reaching 
by FY '26? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: I think we'll probably be able to see the trajectory a little bit more clearly after this quarter. You 
know, when we started initially, obviously there were a lot of early adopters who came in 
immediately, and after that, it has been moving steadily at around 1.5% to 2% per quarter. If you 
look at it, I think last quarter was at around 13.56% and today it is 15%. That's 1.44% growth. 
We expect as we go forward, it will maintain at this level and also go up slightly, but I will come 
back to you guys with the guidance on growth quarter on quarter maybe in the next quarter or 
so. Probably have a more clearer idea. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thanks, Madhukar. One question for Sujit, in the slide where you've shown the IndAS 
adjustments in the interest income line for the quarter, the IndAS, adjusted interest income is 
lower by around INR2 crores versus the reported interest income of around INR4.3 crores. So 
exactly is this adjustment, if you could give some color. 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: I would say these adjustments are for the security deposits, what we have placed for the property. 
But I will just look into this and review the details offline. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Right. Thank you very much. That's all my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Yes, hi. So firstly, could you call out what was the entire ad and marketing expense for the 
quarter versus same thing last year and last quarter? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Sure. As this year, we ended up spending around INR9.5 crores in this quarter versus Q1 of last 
year was INR1.3 crores. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. And so, what was the same number for the previous quarter? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Previous quarter was 8.5. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. So, you know, I just want to understand that, you know, you made these spends in a 
timeframe when, you know, you just said on call that elections and there were some challenges 
and delays and attrition on account of that. So how do you measure the effectiveness of the 
spends? 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: No, no effectiveness so, I said the store openings did not happen because of that. Keep that aside. 
That has nothing to do with the effectiveness aspect, right. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. But, sir, could I understand that when you think of these, you know, these larger spends, 
which is more than normal course of business, how do you measure the effectiveness? And then 
what is the outlook for this line item for FY '25? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: We are not going to be doing any more of this in the next two quarters for sure. We actually 
spent this money in two different states. One was in West Bengal and the other was Tamil Nadu. 
Largely the money was spent in Tamil Nadu. And for us, we are internally looking at a couple 
of things. 
One, the number of new customers we have acquired and the growth of private label, MedPlus 
plan private label. So, those two would be the three key criteria for us to actually decide if the 
ad is worth spending on or not. But obviously, you can only get the, I would say you can only 
assign so much value to the immediate growth, the benefit to the brand and the benefit to the 
MedPlus brand. It is, you know that is going to come over a period of several quarters, much 
more difficult to actually much more difficult to measure. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. And sir, the private label pharma, which is 9.1, could you just tell me that what is the split 
of 9.1 in old and new? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Sure. So, the 9.1, which you're talking about is the net sale return number. I think the old one is 
around 1.8 and the balance goes to a new one. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. And sir, when do you expect this runoff of the 1.8? I mean, do we expect it during the 
course of FY '25 or do you expect a sharper rundown? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: We will most likely see a slightly more sharper rundown as we go forward. Maybe in the next 
two quarters it should actually go down, but it will probably be always there to some extent. But 
from now, I think we'll probably end up going to slightly under one in the next two quarters. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. And sir, I just want to understand more at the strategy level that why this decision to run 
down that old brand and replace it or replace it with MedPlus, because as you would I mean, 
there has been an impact on margins on account of this entire movement. And why not just 
introduce the MedPlus brands, and let that automatically or naturally run down or progress with 
time? Why have we done this intervention which has been sort of forced to run that down and 
increase the MedPlus? Could you just help me triangulate that at a strategy level? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: No, no. It is not a question of running it down intentionally. We always had two different brands, 
but when customers walked in and they saw the entire see, the customers who are buying the old 
private label were people who are willing to take a substitute. The customers who are willing to 
take the new one are also the same set. Now, given that there is an alternative where they can 
get a discount for a small membership fee, most of them have chosen to go here. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Okay. Got it. So, sir, from here on, we are expecting, your growth guidance is 20% for, 
on a reported basis for FY '25, correct? 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: That's right. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, operating margins. What is the outlook there? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: So, we'll continue to grow from here. Q1 typically is our slowest quarter normally. So, it should 
definitely be better than what it was last year. So, Yes, that's all I can tell you. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Hi, just one question, continuing on the previous participant's question. Madhukar, do you expect 
a sharper impact from canalization of your private label brand the next one or two quarters? And 
after that, that impact should completely go? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: I think so. Kunal. It will be there for a while because we have inventory. There are customers 
who are willing to buy. As you remember, as we told in the past, our previous set of private label 
also had the full set of chronic medicines too. So, some of them where, you know people who 
are on drugs like atenolol, telmisartan and all, they'll probably continue. 
We have the stock. We'll probably switch them over to this at some point of time or they may 
themselves basically ask for this. So that part, that tailed stuff will continue, but most of the 
acute stuff will probably end in the next two quarters or so. But for us, whatever the impact may 
be of cannibalizing, this slightly more profitable portion of our business will most likely start 
coming down in the next two quarters. 
As we continue to grow this. This is also accretive to us. This also gives us more margin, but as 
long as it comes at the cost of branded generics, it is good for us. If it comes at the cost of our 
old private table, not obviously. So that impact, I think will go down in the next two quarters. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure. And just with the older private labels, have you changed the discounting practice or is it 
still, you know, trying to get in line with MedPlus discounting or same old method? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: So, if you're talking about my old private label, in the state of Telangana the old private label 
has always been sold at the same price as MedPlus as a new one. But in the rest of the states, 
we'd actually continue to sell it at the old rate out there. So, there was some confusion. We'll 
probably end up, you know, taking out some of that and, you know, redoing it in the MedPlus 
side as we go forward. Was that the question, Kunal? 
Kunal Randeria: 
Yes, that was the question. Basically, I just wanted to understand whether on the old label also, 
are you giving a 50% to 80% kind of discount as you are giving it on made by MedPlus? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Yes. In Telangana, yes, we are. We started on that note. We started off with that value 
proposition earlier to the customers. But in the rest of this country, while we started with 
maintaining the old private label at the old discount. There are some products, maybe out of the 
600 odd products, probably around 200 odd, which we will end up actually moving to the new 
pricing, the MedPlus pricing. This is just to expedite the overall sale of the inventory and to 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
make sure that nothing goes into expiry. For us, obviously, we have both the inventories. We 
want to make sure that everything sells and we are left with nothing end of the day. And so part 
of that will be moving into a new price. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vilina Jain from Perpetuity Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Vilina Jain: 
Hi. In your opening commentary, you mentioned INR95 million of special marketing spend. 
Could you elaborate on that? Also, secondly, you have been talking about Q1 being seasonally 
weak. If you could highlight some of the reasons for the same. 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Sure. The INR95 million got spent in Tamil Nadu and West Bengal, largely in Tamil Nadu. I 
think around INR7 million to INR7.5 million probably got spent there and INR2 million to 
INR2.5 million got spent in West Bengal. This ad expenditure was spent on, mostly on 
newspapers, some bit on TV, very little, some on radio and little bit on the social media, 
YouTube and everything else, and a little bit on podcasting and influencers and all those other 
things. That's one. 
 
And I think, Yes, on the seasonality side, see typically April and May, the sales actually fall for 
two reasons. People end up actually leaving large cities in which we are largely placed. They 
move out, they go out for vacations, they go out of town and everything else and all. Even the 
senior citizens do end up actually, or, you know, people who are in their 50s also end up going 
back to their home towns and all once a vacation start for kids, that's one. 
 
And second, in general, the overall burden of, I would say, disease on the infection side is much, 
much less. And so that whole set of antibiotics and painkillers and fever tablets and everything 
else, which are sold normally throughout the year and especially so in June, July and August are 
almost nil in April and May. And that's why Q1 is usually weak. 
Vilina Jain: 
Okay, so regarding the marketing spend, is this more to do with the private label increase that is 
happening and going forward, how should we see the marketing spend increasing? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: So, we are probably bringing it down to a maintenance level of around something like INR10 
million a quarter, which is INR1 crores, INR1.2 crores. But Yes, all the money has been spent 
on private label only. So, the whole idea is trying to get educate customers as many as them as 
possible, to kind of make them aware that all medicines sold in India, 90% of medicine sold in 
India are just generics, we're just buying them under different brand names, MedPlus now makes 
the same medicines. 
And because MedPlus doesn't have any marketing spend or any, let us say, the channel spend, 
we sell it through our own stores, we are able to offer this big discount, and that's the value 
proposition to the customer, and that's what we have been pitching, and that's something which 
will continue all the way to a much, much lower level. 
Vilina Jain: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Axis Bank. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Hello? Yes, hi. Good evening. I just have this one question on the store numbers for the greater 
than 12 months. So, accounting for the INR9.5 crores of advertisement expense, one time 
advertisement of expenses, if we removed that, then is it fair to assume that the operating margin 
for the greater than 12year, 12months stores would be more towards the 4.5% to 5% range like 
from the 3.8% that you have reported in the current quarter? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Actually, it will go up by 0.6%. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. 0.6% or 4.4%, perfect. And sir is it fair to assume that -- so when we look at the 
metrics on a standalone basis from what the quarter has been reported, they look to be 
deteriorating. But it would be fair to assume that x of those onetime expenses and considering 
how the quarters would pan out going forward now on a YoY basis, we should continue to see 
an improving trajectory on the margins front for the stores, on a store level, that would be a right 
assumption to have? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Definitely. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood, and so just wanted to understand from a longer term perspective, while your 
aspiration would be to be at 100% own brands, maybe, maybe not. But just wanted to understand 
over the next three to five years, where do you see this own brands for yourself settling down in 
the entire mix of your business? What's your aspiration out there for us to be able to visualize? 
How could the mess as a whole look like maybe three to five years forward from respect to 
private brands specifically? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: See, it is not yet one year since we have launched the brand across the country. We are already 
at around 15% overall. i feel very confident that this number will go up significantly, but to give 
you the actual trajectory, I think we'll have to wait a couple of quarters. So, it is possible that the 
early adopters have all come in and basically bought while we are seeing a gradual increase 
every quarter. 
I just want to wait for a couple of quarters before I can predict that. But just to give you an 
answer, while it looks like store brands and all are typically capped at around 20%, 30%, 40% 
and all, the one number we should actually bear in mind is that even in a country like U.S. and 
places like Walgreens and CVS and all, 90% of what the store actually fills prescriptions are 
generic, and these are all, you know, the law, of course, basically allows them to actually 
substitute. 
And the store then basically decides whether it wants to do its own private label or it has a 
preferred player, which is also a generic. There's no brand, right. So, the aspiration would be to 
go to that level over a period of time, but that will mean, you know, a lot of education of 
customers and maybe at some point the government comes in and basically changes the rule a 
little bit for us to do it. 

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
But, Yes, even if it were not to go to that number, I see no reason why you cannot settle 
somewhere in the 30s or 30% plus kind of number. But again, I will reserve that overall, this 
thing for at least another couple of quarters before I actually can make prediction out there on 
that. 
And the reason why we are super excited about the whole thing is we are making slightly lesser 
margin than our old private label, but please bear in mind that people are now buying the 
MedPlus brand. They are seeing it. It's not a substitute, it's not something else which we are just 
giving them. It is the MedPlus brand. 
And now, as they get used to it and as they start buying it, and all, we have in our hands an 
ability to change the MRP every year and the government allows us to do that. You are allowed 
to do it by 5% or 10% odd. And we also have a chance to basically move the discount around a 
little bit to make it closer to 50, today it's 50 to 80, we can move it closer to 50, or we can even 
shift it. So, for those two reasons, we feel that the entire thing is going to be based around this 
whole strategy of private label. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. And is there any reference in the global context wherein pharmacy has been able to 
replicate what you are trying to do? Because please do correct me if I'm wrong. From what I had 
read a couple of on a couple of pharmacies, none of these pharmacies were able to cross the 
20%, 22% mark on the private label side. So, do you have any reference on the similar company 
that I might have missed out on? Maybe my data is not correct. So, if you could just help me out 
there. 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Okay, so two things here. So one is, you know, is the store selling it on its own name? Right, 
then, Yes, maybe 20%, 30% probably is the number. Walgreens and CVS and all do that much, 
and I'm pretty sure other pharmacies across the world also have at least that much. But the 
number to actually bear in mind is that while these people may not sell on their name, when the 
patient walks into the store and hands in a prescription, all the pharmacist is asking him is, okay, 
your insurance says it has to be, it can be generic or your doctor has written, dispensers is written. 
If the doctor says dispensers written, then it is exactly given, the brand is given, but then the 
copay is very high and all that sort of stuff. But in 90% of the prescriptions, the pharmacist is 
filling a generic only. And the generic is not, let's say X company's generic or Y company generic 
or Z company generic. It is the generic which is chosen by Walgreens. And as far as the customer 
is concerned, it is the store generic only. It could be made by whoever it is, right? It is a store 
generic. So, yes, you know, you could actually go all the way up to 70%, 80% also in such cases. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Got it. And one last question. Have we in the recent one year stage, any kind of regulatory 
problems or something on the MedPlus brand products, like any complaints or any action on 
that front on the products part? 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: No, no. Obviously what we are doing is, you know, doesn't go very well with the thousands and 
hundreds of thousands of modern part retailers, so they've all got a complaint. You know, drug 
authorities have come, they picked up the samples, they've tested them, everything is fine.  

 
MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
So, for us, obviously, you know, we are disrupting a big market. It is going to have some people 
who are not going to be super happy about it. So, there have been people who have been calling 
on us and, you know, checking out all the things and all, but, Yes, that's about it. Because 
whatever you're doing is 100% worship. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Perfect, perfect. Great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Madhukar for closing comments. 
Madhukar Reddy Gangadi: Thank you. I thank all participants on this call for your interest in the MedPlus journey. Our 
investor relations team can be contacted at ir@medplusindia.com. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of MedPlus Health Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
