STERLING TOOLS LIMITED 
CIN: L29222DL1979PLC009668 
WORKS: 5-A, DLF Industrial Estate 
2, 
Faridabad — 121 003 Haryana India 
srene? 
Tel: 91-129-227 0621 to 25/225 5551 to 53 
Fax: 91-129-227 7359 
E-mail: sterling@stifasteners.com 
Website: stifasteners.com 
By NEAPS 
By Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
General Manager 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
BSE Limited 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
1%t Floor, P. J. Towers 
Mumbai-400051 
. 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai — 400001 
Security Code No.: STERTOOLS 
Security Code No.: 530759 
Date: 215t August 2024 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that an earnings conference call for Q1 FY 25 for the analyst 
and investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company was held on 14 
August 2024 at 09:30 a.m. 
Following Management Attendees attended on behaif of the Company: - 
Mr. Atul Aggarwal- Managing Director 
Mr. Jaideep Wadhwa- Director 
Mr. Anish Agarwal- Director 
Mr. Pankaj Gupta- Group CFO 
b e 
We further confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed 
in the 
meeting / call. 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same is being placed on the 
website of the Company i.e. www.stlfasteners.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Sincerely, 
M:No. A34399 
Encl: As above 
REGD OFFICE 
: DJ-1210, 12" Floor, DLF Tower -B, 
Jasola District Centre, New Delhi-110025 
Email-csec@stlfasteners.com
ABHISHEK 
CHAWLA
Digitally signed by ABHISHEK CHAWLA 
DN: c=IN, st=Haryana, 
2.5.4.20=a299119baa0999f38488ec74a9814e9f612f0
49bc10c5ed07f0ab6af5ee520d5, postalCode=121002, 
street=NEARPRESCHOOLSECTOR88KheriKalan113Fari
dabad, 
pseudonym=ab713916ffa746d4a779e97fb3bb4211, 
serialNumber=54961b3c3cdc2561b17339b784eff853
b5afc959e92186edc533cdfa3557158b, o=Personal, 
cn=ABHISHEK CHAWLA 
Date: 2024.08.21 13:28:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Sterling Tools Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2024 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on 
the stock exchange on 14th August 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. PANKAJ GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
MR. JAIDEEP WADHWA – DIRECTOR 
 
MR. ANISH AGARWAL – DIRECTOR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sterling Tools Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involves risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pankaj Gupta, Group CFO. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of STL Group, I extend our very warm welcome 
to our Quarter 1 FY '25 Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined on this call by Mr. Atul Aggarwal, our 
Managing Director; Mr. Jaideep Wadhwa, Director; Mr. Anish Agarwal, Director; and our 
Advisors, Investor Relations, SGA Partners. We uploaded our results presentation on the 
exchanges, and I hope everyone has had a chance to have a look at it. 
 
I will now request Mr. Aggarwal for his opening remarks. 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Pankaj. I welcome to you all to our call for Q1 FY '25 
results. Let me start with a brief overview of the industry. The industry witnessed uptick in its 
growth led by double-digit growth in 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler segments, respectively. 
According to SIAM, the overall wholesale and domestic market went up by 16.4% in Q1 FY '25 
to 64 lakh units, up from close to 55 lakh units in the same period last year. Total automobile 
sales include 10,26,000 units of PV, up 3% from 9,96,000 units in Q1 FY '24. 
 
Furthermore, we anticipate a tactical shift by OEMs from manufacturing pure-play EV to hybrid 
models roughly going ahead. On the industry front, the demand for automobiles was a bit muted 
during Q1 at FY '25. The EV 2-wheeler industry continues to gain momentum and the 
cumulative sales stood at 1,82,000 units in Q1 FY '25. Hybrid EVs are getting more attention 
from OEs, which aligns well with our EV focus. 
 
Our total income from stand-alone business grew by 9.6% to INR162.9 crores on a year-on-year 
basis. Revenue growth in Q1 FY '25 versus Q1 FY '24, is primarily driven by good demand in 
the 2-wheeler business and stable demand in the passenger vehicle segment. The EBITDA has 
increased by 14.5% year-on-year, coupled with improvement in margins to 14.8% in Q1 FY '25 
from 14.1% in Q1 FY '24. PAT surged 21% (wrongly said, kindly read it as 41%) to INR11.4 
crores on a year-on-year basis. The company's focus towards achieving higher sales, and it is 
well positioned to capture the incremental market share going forward. 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
SGEM continues to gain traction with total income witnessing a growth of 62% on a year-on-
year basis. The revenue share of SGEM in the overall business has risen from 33% in Q1 FY '24 
to 43% in Q1 FY '25. We are working to add to our EV product portfolios and continue to focus 
on customer diversification too. 
 
Now I would request our Group CFO, Mr. Pankaj Gupta to give brief insights on the financial 
performance. 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. I'll now give the financial highlights for the quarter 1 FY '25, starting 
from the stand-alone numbers for quarter 1 FY '25. The income grew by 9.6% year-over-year to 
INR162.9 crores against INR148.6 crores in quarter 1 FY '24. EBITDA increased by 14.5% 
year-over-year to INR24.1 crores as compared to INR21 crores in quarter 1 FY '24. The margins 
increased from 14.1% to 14.8% in this quarter. Profit after tax, which witnessed a growth of 
41%, reaching to INR11.4 crores in this quarter as compared to INR8.1 crores in quarter 1 FY 
'24. Profit after tax increased by 160 basis points year-over-year to 7% in quarter 1 FY '25 as 
against 5.4% in quarter 1 FY '24. 
 
Coming to the consolidated financials. The total income grew by 27.3% year-over-year to 
INR283.7 crores in quarter 1 as against INR223 crores in quarter 1 FY '24. Adjusted EBITDA, 
which is excluding the ESOP accounting expense treatment increased 34% we achieve to 
INR37.1 crores as compared to INR27 crores in quarter 1 FY '24. And EBITDA after adjustment 
of ESOP stood at 13.1% on a consolidated basis. Profit after tax grew 40.9% year-over-year 
reaching to 18.4% (wrongly said, kindly read it as INR18.4 crores) as compared to INR13.1 
crores in quarter 1 FY '24. Profit after tax margin on a consol basis stood at 6.5% in quarter 1 
FY '25. 
 
Thank you, everyone. We may now begin with question-and-answer session, please. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rohit Mehra from SK Securities. 
Rohit Mehra: 
I have a couple of questions. And my first one is, how should we look at our growth vis-à-vis 
the industry growth for FY '25? 
 Atul Aggarwal: 
So, Atul here, let me take this. I think for our standalone business, we are up close to 10%. We 
believe having industry grown primarily in 2-wheeler segments, PV is only up 3%, commercial 
vehicles up so, I mean we are probably a few percentage points plus on the industry growth 
overall. I think we have done better and this is what our -- we always told in the last few calls 
that we grow in our standalone business by almost 2 percentage points faster than the industry. 
Rohit Mehra: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question is, out of the overall revenue from SGEM, what is the 
contribution for the LCV category? And how should we look at the LCV contribution for the 
entire year? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
Good morning. This is Jaideep. The LCV category is still -- I mean, if you look at our 
presentation, we had mentioned that our non-2-wheeler sales are at 7%. LCV is a part of that. 
So LCV is still a small percentage of our total revenue. We are not still seeing traction with -- I 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
think the industry is waiting for some kind of announcements from the government on FAME, 
and so we should move forward. 
 
Our expectation is that -- I mean, I can't say that for the full year basis because we're already 4 
months into the year. But by the third and fourth quarters, our expectation and hope is that LCV 
business should be 10% of our total revenues. But I have to say that this will depend to some 
part in what announcements the government makes on FAME-III or whatever other policy they 
come up with. 
Rohit Mehra: 
Yes, got it, sir. So it depends upon whatever the subsidy will come from government, right? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
Yes. I mean, I think Rohit, what you'll see is that -- I mean the numbers are available on Vahan 
or elsewhere while we've got business awards from all of the major LCV companies. The e-
business still has not taken off despite our expectations that this will be one of the segments of 
the industry that will see the highest penetration. So I think we now got the right product. 
 
We always talk about the fact that penetration will happen once we have the right product. I 
mean we started seeing a growth in 2-wheelers once Ola and Ather came out and gave the 
consumer products that were worthwhile. I think in the LCV segment, we now have the right 
products available to the consumer. We just need a little bit of a nudge from the government, and 
we should see very good penetration in this segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Payal Shah from Billions Securities. 
Payal Shah: 
I have two questions. First, how do we see the overall demand for Fasteners in FY '25? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Overall demand, like I said, industry seems to be moving on a slope as we're in the first quarter 
number. We're struggling to move the vehicles. We believe, I think we can talk about our 
numbers and I think our first quarter is representative of where we see our business to be this 
year, a couple of percentage points maybe plus on that. So that's where we see our business, 
keeping in mind the overall total of our industry, and we would still be faster than the industry. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay. So, my next question is on what are the developments with Yongin, like do we have any 
further details on the partnership front? 
Management: 
Anish, you are there? 
Anish Agarwal: 
This is Anish. I think on the Yongin front, we have a good progress in terms of discussions with 
customers, business plan creation, etcetera. Hopefully, you should see some developments by 
the end of this fiscal year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Malhotra from JM Financial. 
Raj Malhotra: 
So my first question was what is the revenue contribution from top 5 customers in SGEM and 
how are we looking to reduce the high customer concentration for this fiscal year? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
So we haven't looked at it from the top 5 perspective, but I would say the top 5 would be a very 
high percentage, well north of 90%. But I've not calculated the number, but definitely about 90% 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
because the smaller customers haven't taken off yet. This is a core part of our strategy. We're 
continuing to look at other customers. The -- I mean I think when you look at how the market 
has evolved, in the 2-wheeler segment, there is a fair amount of concentration of our OEs. 
 
So, if you look at how this has evolved, a lot of smaller players that were active last year have 
fallen away already. And Ola is number 1, TVS Bajaj, Ather, following that are the bulk of the 
market share in the 2-wheeler segment. 
 
In the 3-wheeler segment also, we are seeing a fair amount of consolidation with companies like 
Mahindra, Euler, and others doing fairly well. So our belief is that our concentration will -- we 
will definitely reduce on one or two customers as we move forward. But if you look at a top 5 
or top 5, top 10 type of concentration, that will always remain high because our customers are 
consolidated. 
Raj Malhotra: 
Okay, got it. That was helpful. I have another question. So are we working with our top 
customers to manufacture MCUs anything for the new model launches? 
Management: 
Definitely. I mean -- so when we started this business, so our customers were looking at very 
short launch cycles because everyone wanted to be in the market first. We are -- today, the 
scenario has changed, and we are working with companies on programs that are 2 out, 2 and 3 
years out. So we are talking to customers for models that they will launch in the first half of -- 
or the first quarter of FY '26 and so on and so for, calendar year '26 and so on. So those advanced 
engagements, which are typical of the auto industry are ongoing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Joshi from Ace Securities. 
Raj Joshi: 
Sir, I've a couple of questions. So how do we see the raw material pricing for FY '25? Do you 
see softening of the raw material prices? And how much it will lead to the margin accretion on 
the standalone basis? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
So, I think commodity prices, our steel prices, for product lines have been quite stable right now. 
The softness is there, but it's not dramatic to improve -- drop in prices and even the margin on 
prices, the impact in the margin structure is marginal, maybe a mathematical equation is, but 
otherwise, there's a pass-through to the customer will come through. So like we have a similar 
pass-through when the prices will go up. I think we have a similar process for when the steel 
prices drop as well. So, it may not lead to much margin improvement, but except you know 
unless there is a massive drops somewhere. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay, sir, with our current export share at 3%, we are looking to increase this percentage further. 
And do we have any specific role in your mind for FY '26 or '27. 
Management: 
So I think export market is definitely one of our weakness. We are working on some programs. 
But we don't have any hard visibility on numbers or percentages today. We keep you posted as 
having margin improvements from that. 
Raj Joshi: 
So coming to our current capacity utilization for the both fastener, MCU business. Where are we 
standing today? 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Sorry? 
Raj Joshi: 
Capacity utilization. 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Yes. So I think this issue has come up in various investor calls. We have mentioned that 
Bangalore plant was set up 3 years ago, that's been optimized. And I think there's been balancing 
capex coming in that facility. We believe once the Bangalore plant is fully balanced, capex is 
invested on to optimize and balance the facility, we can see revenue by about 20%, 25% over 
where we are right now for the financial year. So I think there is another headroom to grow 20% 
on a capacity basis. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is, any new customer have you added in any of the business 
verticals? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
I think we have our customer portfolio includes pretty much every OEM customer we have. We 
have entered business with Hyundai Kia. And I think on a medium-term perspective, this 
particular customer could give a lot of bump to us in our revenue in the next couple of years 
because Hyundai Kia market share is quite respective in the passenger vehicles business today. 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
And I can just add that in the -- in our Sterling Gtake business, we have added customers in the 
3-wheeler and LCV space as well as a customer in the entry-level electric scooter space. So these 
are revenues that we expect to see kick in by the end of this year. 
Raj Joshi: 
Sir, can you please name the name of the customers in 3-wheeler and LCV? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
I'd prefer not to do that, please, because we end up getting into problems on our non-compete 
obligations when we do that. 
Atul Aggarwal: 
NDA obligations. 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
My mistake. NDA obligations when we say that in a public platform like this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Mehta Capital. 
Raj Mehta: 
What is the capex started estimated to be spent in financial year '25 and what areas will be the 
further plan to invest? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
You're talking about standalone or a consolidated basis? 
Raj Mehta: 
Consolidated basis. 
Atul Aggarwal: 
I think we are looking to have these capex plan in all our businesses put together, about INR55 
odd crores in that. 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
And that's nearly -- I mean, I won't say exactly but nearly split equally between the two 
businesses. 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Raj Mehta: 
Okay. I have one more question. How should we look at these Sterling Tools in 3 to 5 years 
down the line, what would be the contribution from the new business and what areas we are 
further looking at? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
You're saying a long frame, I think we believe that the new businesses would probably have 60% 
to 65% of revenue going forward. Currently, it’s at 43% levels, and we expect to grow to about 
60% loss level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Payal Shah from Billions Securities. 
Payal Shah: 
Yes. Sir, I have a few follow-up questions. First, how do you see our top line growth for this 
fiscal on a consolidated basis, can we touch INR1,200 crores roughly this year? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Payal, INR1,200 crores it seems to me an aggressive number. Can you hear me? 
Payal Shah: 
Yes, sir, I can hear you. Yes. 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Yes. I think we are up 28% for the full quarter for the first quarter on a consolidated basis. We 
believe that it will be difficult to maintain this momentum, we have quarter-on-quarter, on a full 
year basis. So I would probably look at a more muted number of a lower number from that level. 
So you can say the numbers will be quite healthy over the last year. 
Payal Shah: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my next question is, can you highlight a couple of growth drivers ahead for 
Fasteners and EV component business? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
So on the partners, I think what you've been try to say is that we are looking to grow 2-3 
percentage points over and top the total automotive industry, which is what we have done in the 
first quarter. We are not looking at the dramatic growth in that business because you all see many 
opportunities to grow that business on a volume basis, which you may be expecting. So that 
would be our view on that fastener business. On our new businesses, yes, we expect to grow on 
profitable. 
 
Jaideep, do you want to comment on that? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
So on our EV business, the two growth drivers will be customer acquisition and new product 
introductions. We see ourselves as solution providers to the EV industry and hope to add 
additional product lines. These are ongoing negotiations. These won't add revenue in this year. 
But for FY '26, we will see revenue coming from additional range products that we will sell to 
the same customers. 
Payal Shah: 
I have a last question. At a standalone level, our finance cost is on the lower side on a Y-o-Y 
basis. Sir, I just wanted to understand, like, have we repaid any debt in the quarter? And how 
should we look at debt levels for the entire year? 
Pankaj Gupta: 
So, I'll take that question. So, we have been quite efficient in terms of our cost of borrowing, 
which is quite healthy. We have repaid term loans, and we are funding our capex largely from 
our internal accruals. That is the second reason. And of course, I don't see much change in 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
working capital deployment per se, and we have a -- at net debt position, for the understanding, 
we are nearly debt-free. So these are the reasons for lower finance costs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jehan from Nirmal Bang. 
Jehan: 
Sir, my question is on the MCU business. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir, could you please use your handset. 
Jehan: 
Yes. Sir, what stops the OEM from -- all the OEMs from going into direct manufacturing of 
motor control units? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
Okay. So, Jehan, this is a question. So the short answer is nothing. The elaborative answer is, it's 
a very complex issue. When the auto industry started off in the early 1900s, everything was made 
in-house by all of these companies, right? And over a period of time, this was all pushed out to 
ancillaries. And then these ancillaries were -- actually, they were -- at a certain stage, they were 
all owned by the OEM. 
 
So Delphi, Visteon, Magneti Marelli were all owned by these majors. After some time, these 
companies were sold and became standalone companies. And at least in the internal combustion 
space, people decided that their job was to make vehicles and not to make components and that 
was something they don't do at all. 
 
In the EV space, we obviously have two large companies, Tesla and BYD who do manufacture 
everything in-house. But other than these two, everyone else follows an outsourced model. So 
what do we expect in -- what can we expect? I mean, at least in my opinion, and I have to say 
this is only my opinion, that it will always be a hybrid model. 
 
There will be companies that will want to make their components in-house. And there will be 
companies that will say this is not our job. Our job is to design a great product, make sure that 
we can get it to the customer and to service the customer. And there will be different philosophies 
to this. 
 
So they will be -- and so this will always -- I don't think that either, either model will go away. I 
mean both the models will exist. It depends a lot on the company's technical capabilities. Tesla 
started off as a tech company, for them to develop products was different. Companies like -- 
even global majors like Volkswagen and others have struggled to get their EV strategy right, and 
they've really struggled to get the products going, etcetera. 
 
So I think that for companies that have a grounding in mechanical engineering and automotive 
engineering to switch and become hardware and software companies will be that much more 
difficult. If companies launch numerous models every year as some companies do, it will be 
very difficult to do everything in-house. But if companies have a vision of making products and 
selling them in very large volumes, they may want to go in-house. 
Jehan: 
And who would be your largest customer and percentage share in total revenues? 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Management: 
Our largest customer has been Ola. Ola has been our largest customer for quite some time. And 
I believe -- and Ola has more than 50% market share of the 2-wheeler market. I mean if you look 
at the overall industry, they dominate that. So obviously, there -- as we are a single source 
supplier to them, we are -- they are a big percentage of our business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Firstly, on the MCU business, so when we talk to the other companies in space, some of them 
talk about the importance of manufacturing controller units and motors both, and the idea is that 
it gives you better control over fine-tuning, optimization. Any color or thoughts on this claim 
how important this is and how do OEMs look at this? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
So, I mean integrating the motors and controllers and doing the characterization is very 
important. We've been able to manage this by having very close working relationships with 
motor companies. And therefore, our customers have never faced a problem where they've not 
been able to get either the performance or they've had us and the motor suppliers or the motor 
suppliers and us blaming each other. We've not had a situation where we said it's a motor 
problem, and the motor guys have said it's the MCU problem because we work very closely. 
 
But yes, there is a very close linkage between the two. And we feel that in the future, the other 
thing you may have heard is that there will also be an integration between motors and controllers 
that they will put them into the same, same physical packaging. And that's again something that 
we explore with motor partners to say, how can we provide such a solution to our customers? 
 
So, it's very important for the customer to find -- have a seamless solution. And we've been able 
to do that. We've been able to manage that quite effectively with the way we work with our motor 
companies. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Understood, sir. Second thing is the same on the MCU business. So just trying to understand 
how nimble with this business in the sense that we see some companies, some 2-wheeler EV 
manufacturers running into subsidy issues. The market shares and volumes have changed very 
rapidly in the last few months. So how easy or difficult is it for you to get a new client or let go 
of an existing one, start manufacturing for a newer one? Just trying to get some sense around. 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
So, you're absolutely correct. I mean, we've only got a 3-year history. I mean from the date we 
started production to now, it's not even been 3 years, okay? And the company has been in 
existence for just over 4 years. And I can't tell you the number of times we've had to change 
direction as far as product policy or product strategy was concerned. When we started off, the 
business was all low speed. It was dominated by Okinawa and Hero Electric, and they thought 
the market was 1.5 kilowatts. Ola came in and took the market to 6 kilowatt. They wanted 100 
kmph top speed on a scooter, which was unheard of. And we were able to produce that. Once 
FAME went to when this happened in May last year with no notice and the government suddenly 
slashed the subsidies. 
 
All the companies changed their product quality and changed their product positioning and 
started making lower power rating models and 3 and 4 kilowatt and hub motors became the 
norm. And we have now we've been able to adapt. So we've been fairly nimble so far. We've 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
been able to keep up with the moves in the market. I hope we'll be able to do that in the future. 
That's our intent. 
 
Our strategy is that look -- and this will continue to happen. I mean, the industry is still very, 
very nascent. I mean, government policy plays a big part, technology plays a big part. So the 
way we look at it is that we need to build the competency in our case, in power electronics. And 
that's what we are focusing on. 
 
As the industry moves, we'll have to move with it. So I mean, we're not trying to define ourselves 
as specialists in a product, but more a specialist in a competency or in a technology. So I hope 
that with what we have done and what we are hoping to do, that we'll be able to continue to 
move quickly to market requirements because we know for sure the market will change 
constantly. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Understood, sir. And my last question is on the growth drivers for the EV business, you said that 
new products would be one of the levers. So from a 3- to 5-year perspective, could you talk 
about some of the new products that you intend to get into? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
As Atul said earlier, 3 to 5 years is a long time out, in the EV industry, it's a lifetime. So look, 
the -- we want to play in every aspect of the power electronics, power and control electronics in 
an EV across all segments. Not only like for instance, today, we are not present in PV, passenger 
vehicles. We would want to play in all segments in anything to do with power electronics and 
control electronics. That's the vision for the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Joshi from Ace Securities. 
Raj Joshi: 
So thank you for the again opportunity. So I have a few more questions. Sir, have you made any 
price high in the fastener business during the quarter? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
No, we have not. It's all about volume growth. 
Raj Joshi: 
It is all about the volume growth. 
Atul Aggarwal: 
Yes. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay. Sir, what are the capacity level of Bangalore plant and the utilization? And by when do 
we feel this plant will get fully utilized? And will be any further capex needed? 
Management: 
I think Bangalore currently is at about 45%, 50% levels of where it should be. And we are doing 
a balancing capex there as we speak this financial year, and it's -- Bangalore is fully part fully 
optimized by FY '27, sorry, FY '26. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay. And are we putting any further capex over there? 
Atul Aggarwal: 
I guess said, we have some balancing capex going on for this year and next financial year. It is 
not a dramatic capex but we have some balancing capex is going on  quality measures, , but 
nothing, not a very substantial number. 

 
Sterling Tools Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Raj Joshi: 
And sir, for our EV business, what is the current trend in terms of localisation, is there any further 
scope of manufacturing some parts in-house and lower our dependence on imports? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
Not right now. I mean I think maybe once the Yongin venture gets off the ground, we'll be able 
to buy some components from them. But as of now, there is no semiconductor manufacturing or 
component manufacturing in India that we can leverage. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay. And sir, what is our EBITDA margin in MCU business? And can we achieve double-digit 
margins in FY '25? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
No. That's -- I think we've spoken about that. We believe that the steady state EBITDA margin 
for this business will be in the low double digits. But it's not something that we'll be able to get 
to this year. It's probably something that we will aspire to in FY '26 or maybe even FY '27. We'll 
definitely see an improvement on last year. 
Raj Joshi: 
Okay. And as the festive season is going to come up. So how do we look at the overall demand 
scenario? 
Management: 
Sorry. You broke up in the early -- the first part of that question. Could you repeat that, please? 
Raj Joshi: 
Sir, as the festive season is going to come up, so how do you look at overall demand scenario? 
Jaideep Wadhwa: 
Look, a lot depends on what the government does with FAME, I mean, if you're talking about -
- if you're talking about EV, I mean, the government's announcement of our FAME III will 
definitely help. It's the right thing to do. I'll give you a data point. The Chinese government over 
the last 15 years has spent to our understanding just under $300 billion, $300 billion in various 
subsidies for the EV industry, okay? 
 
I think you guys know how much was the allocation in FAME I and FAME II. So if we are 
serious about having -- to actually reduce carbon emissions and move forward on electrification, 
which is the right thing to do for the environment. I think we need greater consistency and clarity 
in our policies. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you all of you for joining the call today. I hope we were able to address all the queries 
you had. For further clarification, you can reach out to us, and it's always a pleasure to connect 
with you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sterling Tools Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
