 
 
 
 
3rd August 2024 
 
To 
BSE Ltd 
Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 513519 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: PITTIENG 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the Audio Conference call for investors 
on 31st July 2024 
****** 
 
With reference to our letter dated 27th July 2024, intimating about the conference call with 
investors to be held on 31st July 2024, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.pitti.in.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
Mary Monica Braganza 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
FCS:5532 
 
MARY 
MONICA 
BRAGANZA
Digitally signed by 
MARY MONICA 
BRAGANZA 
Date: 2024.08.03 
18:11:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Pitti Engineering Limited 
Acquisition of Dakshin Foundry Private Limited 
Conference Call” 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AKSHAY S PITTI –MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PITTI ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pitti Engineering's 
Conference Call to discuss the acquisition of Dakshin Foundry Private 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the 
end of today’s presentation. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. For a list of such considerations, 
please refer to the earnings presentation. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Akshay Pitti. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Akshay Pitti: 
Thank you and welcome to everyone for the conference call to discuss 
the acquisition of Dakshin Foundry Private Limited. Pitti Engineering 
Limited has acquired 100% share capital of Dakshin Foundry Private 
Limited at an equity valuation of Rs.153.12 crores. The cost of 
acquisition comprises the business value and working capital of Dakshin 
Foundry as on June 30, 2024. Dakshin Foundry is a debt-free company 
and has a positive cash and bank balance of Rs. 42.71 crores as on 30th 
June 2024. We have funded this transaction by utilizing part of the 
general corporate purpose portion of the QIP funds amounting to Rs. 
76.63 crores and the remaining Rs. 76.49 crores being funded from our 
existing cash and bank balances. 
Dakshin Foundry is engaged in the manufacturer of high-quality Gray 
Iron and Ductile Iron casting, value-added services like machining and 
pattern making. Dakshin Foundry manufacturing facilities are located in 
Hoskote, Bangalore. Dakshin Foundry has an installed capacity of 4,200 
MT per annum. It is renowned and award-winning foundry known in the 
market for the development of casting with critical geometry, surface 
finish  and stringent quality requirements. The main end use of the 
products are in railway, metro and power generation sectors. Its 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
customers include the likes of Medha, Voith, Siemens Mobility, SKS, 
Bombardier and Alstom amongst others. 
It has a distinction of being one of the few foundries to have DB 
approval. In FY '24, the sales volumes of the company was 2,939 MT at 
a blended revenue of Rs. 2,41,000 per ton. It reported revenue from 
operations of Rs.70.89 crores, the company also reported an EBITDA 
of Rs. 18.63 crores, which is Rs. 63,300 per ton. Other income for the 
period, mostly comprising of interest on loans and deposits was Rs.4 
crores. PBT stood at Rs. 21.20 crores and PAT was Rs.16 crores. The 
transaction is EPS and value accretive. The acquisition will enhance our 
technical capabilities and bring economies of scale in our supply chain 
and will also add to the portfolio of our machine components business. 
I would now like to open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Pratik from Art Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik: 
Just wanted to understand as to what is the realized EBITDA per ton? 
Akshay Pitti: 
EBITDA is 63,000 per ton. 
Pratik: 
63,000 per ton? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. 
Pratik: 
Okay. And the capacity is 4,200 tons? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. 
Pratik: 
And what is the capacity utilization level? 
Akshay Pitti: 
See, currently, they are at about 75% capacity utilization, optimum 
utilization is 80%. 
Pratik: 
75% is the current and optimum is 80%. And you mentioned some of 
the clients for which Dakshin was working. Can you just repeat the 
same? 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Akshay Pitti: 
So majority of the sales are to Medha Servo, which is the company 
manufacturing the Train 18 Vande Bharat trains. Apart from that, they 
have exports to Siemens Mobility in Germany and Spain. They also 
supply to Voith for their locomotive division, SKS, Alstom and 
Bombardier. 
Pratik: 
Bombardier? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. 80% to 90% of their sales would be from the railway segment and 
energy segment. 10% is to other segments such as compressors of 
highway vehicles, amongst others. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sani Vishe from Axis Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sani Vishe: 
Congratulations, 
Mr 
Akshay, 
on 
the 
acquisition, 
another 
straightforward. I just wanted to understand what are the expectations 
for the remaining year? Do we start consolidating from this quarter itself 
in the start of this quarter? And what is the expected revenue for the 
year? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. So for this transaction, we will start consolidation from this quarter 
onwards. Quarter 1, we will not be consolidating obviously, since the 
transaction is forensic. The expectations from this company going 
forward to be flattish, you would be expecting Rs. 75 odd crores of 
topline for the company and similar EBITDA as last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ramchandra Naik, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Ramchandra Naik: Akshay, congratulations on your acquisition. I think it's a really 
aggressive and bold move. I have a few questions and I hope you can 
bear with me on some of my questions. My first question is, you said 
this is in the castings business. You already have an existing casting 
business that you were planning to merge into Pitti Engineering? How 
similar is this to your existing business? 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Akshay Pitti: 
So this is very similar to Pitti Castings, except for the size of the castings 
that they manufacture. In Pitti Castings, we can manufacture castings up 
to 4 tons, but the optimum utilization of the equipment that we have is 
from 200 kg to 1.5 tons. In this foundry, the optimum range of product 
is from 40 kg to 300 kg. So this will fit very well into the product profile 
of the consolidated enterprise. 
Ramchandra Naik: Okay. That's great to know. So if one were to consolidate all your 
businesses now together and for financial year '25, what would you 
expect your overall revenue to be? 
Akshay Pitti: 
See, let's break this up into individual segments. At the Bagadia Chaitra 
level, we are expecting revenues of about Rs. 280 odd crores for the 
current year based on the current market. Induction of foundry in this 
new acquisition for the full year, we should be looking at about Rs. 75 
crores, like I mentioned before. What part of it gets consolidated will be 
based on the accounting standard. We have to consolidate in our 
financials on a pro rata basis on the ownership from the date that we 
have taken over the ownership. Pitti Castings should add about Rs. 50 
crores to the topline post-merger and stand-alone, we should be in the 
vicinity of about Rs 1700 crore Pitti Engineering standalone.  
Ramchandra Naik: Can I assume that you would be crossing about INR2,000 crores for 
financial year '25? (please read this in connection with the above note) 
Akshay Pitti: 
Based on the current outlook, yes, I think that would be safe to assume. 
Ramchandra Naik: Fantastic. Just one more question, Akshay and thank you so much for 
being patient with me. Overall, when you look at all of this, you said this 
is margin accretive. So where do you expect the margin to be by again, 
around financial year '25. 
Akshay Pitti: 
See, this Dakshin foundry, if you see their client profile and the kind of 
complicated products that they do, we should be looking at them 
continuing to clock about Rs. 60,000 to Rs.65,000 EBITDA per ton. 
What is exciting about this acquisition is, like I mentioned, they have 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
better technical capabilities than ours in the development process. And 
if we are able to leverage those capabilities in the Pitti Castings business, 
it should be, I mean, very, very margin accretive for us going forward. 
Ramchandra Naik: Okay. Last question. Your current acquisition, the Dakshin one that you 
have just acquired, what is the potential for you to expand its existing 
capacity? Because I heard you say they're already at 75% of utilization. 
You could go up to 80%, which basically tells me that you're really a 
softer block in terms of your work. Ideally with the growing economy, 
what kind of expansion can you really get, let's say, within the next 1 or 
2 years from your current acquisition. 
Akshay Pitti: 
So see, in the facility that Dakshin is based in, there any expansion 
would be very difficult. They are kind of saturated. We can probably 
look at the peak utilization of about 3,600 tons of sales from that facility. 
What is interesting for us is that Pitti Castings is currently at about 55% 
capacity utilization. And we do have spare capacity there to grow into. 
So what we will be looking at going forward starting maybe 6 to 8 
months from now, is relocating products into the right location based on 
the geometry and criticality and accordingly, realigning the sales from 
the individual locations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dharmil Shah from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Dharmil Shah: 
My first question would be, I mean, how different this business is than 
our existing Pitti Castings because if I compare their operating margins, 
those are, I mean, quite different. If I just look at Pitti Castings, those 
would be somewhere around higher single-digit but in case of Dakshin 
that's in the range of 20% around. So I just wanted to understand what 
is the difference between. Is it the product mix? Or is it something else? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Multiple factors to this. In terms of a process, they have the same 
process. It's a furan no-bake process. What differentiates Dakshin and 
Pitti Castings is that in Pitti Castings, we won't do the machining? The 
machining is done in Pitti Engineering and therefore, the margin on 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
machining is recorded in Pitti Engineering books, while Dakshin does 
machining in their own facility as well. Secondly, if you take a product 
profile, they are predominantly into, like I said, railway and energy, 10% 
of its business do come from other segments like off-highway. Pitti 
Castings is actually quite diversified. Apart from railway, we have major 
contribution to off-highway vehicles, pumps, etcetera. 
The other segments are slightly less in terms of margin, railway 
obviously contributes to a better margin profile. And thirdly, they do 
smaller castings which are even more critical than what we currently do. 
And lastly, they are at about 75% capacity utilization. So the overhead 
absorption is much better at their end. We are currently in Pitti Casting 
about 55% utilization. So as the overhead absorption in Pitti Castings 
would improve, we slowed the margin profile. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Got it. Got it. And are there any plans to relocate this facility near to 
somewhere around Bagadia Chaitra's plant or you will be operating from 
the same plant where it is now? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So we have no plans to relocate this as of now to any other location. This 
foundry is a very challenging industry in terms of environmental 
clearances. And since the facility already has all those approvals in 
place, it would be currently not wise to disturb any of those approvals. 
Dharmil Shah: 
And if we combine Pitti Castings capacity and Dakshin Foundry, that 
could be somewhere around 26,000 tons, is this guess right or? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes, that's absolutely right. So about 20,000 tons would be our capacity 
on a consolidated basis Pitti Castings and Dakshin. And if you see pro 
forma basis, we did about 8,000 tons of sales last year in Pitti Castings 
and Dakshin did about 3,000 tons of sales. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Got it. And how much does this mean, catered to our casting demand for 
our motor business? 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Akshay Pitti: 
So see, they already supply directly to the end customers. Luckily, most 
of the customers are common like Alstom, Bombardier, Medha. So it 
will help us further cement our relationship in the machining and 
lamination side of the business with this acquisition. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Modi: 
Akshay, congratulations and thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted 
to understand like if you look at FY '24 margins for Dakshin has been 
very high compared to FY '23. What has changed in that 1 year, if you 
could help to understand? 
Akshay Pitti: 
In terms of EBITDA, I don't think they are very dissimilar on a per ton 
basis. If you just go back, what is different is definitely the other income, 
they have significant bank and cash deposits. So those have no kind of 
increased their PAT margins. But on EBITDA, I think they are pretty 
much similar to FY '23. 
Chintan Modi: 
EBITDA per ton is similar is what you are saying? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay. And can you share like how old this facility would be? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So this company was established in 2004. I think if my memory serves 
me right, they went into operation in 2005, so it could be a 19-year-old 
facility. 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay. And do you expect any additional cost to be incurred to upgrade 
the facility? 
Akshay Pitti: 
As of now, there is no further capex planned in Dakshin Foundry 
location, barring the operational capex at Rs. 40 to Rs.50 lakhs, which 
they are already doing on an ongoing basis. It's a very, very well-
maintained foundry and it's equipment is absolutely cutting edge. They 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
have consistently reinvested and upgraded their equipment and 
processes throughout the tenure of the factory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav Agarwal from SG 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
Just wanted to confirm, when you were giving the revenue guidance for 
all the entities. So Bagadia was INR280 crores, Dakshin was INR75 
crores, Pitti Castings was INR130 crores. And can you confirm for Pitti 
Engineering? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Sorry, my bad. I think I need to make a correction here. Pitti Castings 
would be INR50 crores addition to the topline. What I was trying to say 
I think I skipped is INR130 crores out of INR180 crores of the revenues 
to Pitti Engineering. So when we consolidate only INR50 crores will get 
added to the topline. If I can go back to it, Bagadia would be INR280 
crores net addition, Dakshin would be INR75 crores net addition. Pitti 
Castings would be INR50 crores net addition and Pitti Engineering 
based on current outlook is about INR1,700 crores. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
And so the second question I wanted to ask, will Dakshin also enjoy the 
pass-on model of raw material prices? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes, of course. That's the industry standard in our customer -- all the 
customers have better to standard. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
And for the 80% to 90% sales, you said are coming from the railway and 
one of the segments you mentioned? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Energy segment. So they make certain castings for gas turbine and steam 
turbine gearboxes and their housing and some on the turbocharger parts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from Aionios Alpha. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
So just to sort of understand the margin profile a bit more. I mean you've 
guided for the revenues. Can you sort of take us through the expected 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
margins of these individual businesses in the medium term and in the 
long term. 
Akshay Pitti: 
So on Bagadia Chaitra, I think I'm more comfortable giving you exit 
guidance for quarter 4 as the synergy benefits start accruing. By quarter 
4, we should be at about 18,000 EBITDA per ton in that entity. In terms 
of Dakshin, like I said, we expect the same EBITDA to continue per ton 
basis. Operating leverage would be similar, 3,000 to 3,300 tons. In Pitti 
Castings, once you consolidate it, it should add about INR20 crores, 
INR25 crores to our EBITDA in Pitti Engineering. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Got it. Got it. And what would be the consolidated net debt after the 
merger? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So the consolidated net debt would not change much. Even today, if you 
see Dakshin and Bagadia already WoS. We are already consolidating 
that. Pitti Castings should add about INR15 crores to the net debt at max. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Sorry. So Dakshin's acquisition will take away either cash or add debt 
to the consolidated number, right? So the net debt should increase? 
Akshay Pitti: 
No. So you're asking what is going to be the net debt post the transaction 
or on a consol basis. Consol-wise, Dakshin will already be 
consolidating. Post the transaction? Just give me one second. So I think 
pre-transaction, our net debt was about INR250 crores. The transaction 
would have taken it to INR400 crores. And then you have about INR40 
crores cash on their books. So you'll have to minus that. So about 
INR360 crores should be the net debt. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Okay. All right. Got it. But your balance sheet net debt FY '24 end was 
a bit higher, right? Your balance sheet net debt as reported on FY '24 
end was INR427 crores, if I can sort of see? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So post that, we have an event where we bought Bagadia Chaitra, then 
we have to fundraise then we have working capital changes and then we 
have the acquisition of Dakshin and then the cash on Dakshin's book. 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Got it. So INR427 has eventually or will eventually become INR350 
crores. 
Akshay Pitti: 
It should be around that as on date. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Umesh Jain from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. 
Umesh Jain: 
Congrats for the successful acquisition. My question is on the synergies, 
which we will have from this acquisition. Can you throw some light on 
whether this will open up a new different segment for us or this will help 
in terms of the backward integration. One, you talked about the major 
client, which we also currently cater to, but will it open new categories 
of products for us as well as the backward integration? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So the synergy benefits, Umesh, will come from a couple of points. One, 
in terms of product range. Also we can manufacture casting as low as 20 
kg. It's not efficient to manufacture in our facility. With this acquisition, 
the product range from 40 kg to 250 kg, 300 kg becomes very efficient 
to manufacture, given that they are specializing in smaller castings and 
their equipment is tailored to make such castings. 
Second, it will help us further consolidate with the vendors. They do on 
the metro rail and passenger rail side, we are dominant on the freight rail 
side, while the customer does both. So for example, Alstom, they have 
a metro division, freight rail division and a passenger rail division. So it 
will help us consolidate our business with our customers and make us 
more critical to their supply chain. 
Thirdly, I have no hesitation in admitting. I believe they have better 
technical capabilities than us because they make smaller and more 
critical castings. If we are able to utilize those development skills, for 
our products, we'll get more efficient and therefore, increase our margins 
in our casting business. 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
And lastly, it will help us in our machining because if you see their 
product of this year's breakup, they are about 30% machine and 70% 
raw. And whatever is the raw casting is up for machining, we'll feed our 
machining business. 
Umesh Jain: 
So is it fair to assume that this will help us fast-track our growth journey 
in the Pitti Engineering stand-alone business? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Definitely. 
Umesh Jain: 
Sure. And lastly, on the order book, while you talked about your revenue 
growth guidance for FY '25, can you share numbers in terms of the 
volume order book? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So in terms of forecast and order book all combined, we are seeing the 
sales for the current year at about 48,000 in Pitti Engineering and 18,000 
in Bagadia Chaitra. 
Umesh Jain: 
48,000 Pitti and 18,000 in Bagadia Chaitra? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. About 64,000 tons on a consol basis. 
Umesh Jain: 
Sure. And in terms of the casting business? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Casting side, we should be doing about 9,000 in Pitti Engineering and 
the 3,300 around that in Dakshin based on the current outlook, about 
12,500 on a consol basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade from Dream 
ladder. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes, sir. I hope I'm audible. So my first question is regarding what are 
the new segments you will be serving from the Dakshin facilities? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So per se, there would be no new segment. For example, BCM Railways 
and Metro Rail. So they are specializing in Metro rail. We are 
specializing in passenger and freight. So in terms of segment, it's still 
the same. But in the subsegment wise, we will be getting a higher 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
exposure to the metro rail and passenger rail business. What we'll be 
adding, I think it would be on the steam turbine and gas turbine parts 
and the gear cases for those. Those are things we currently don't do in 
Pitti Castings. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. And sir, what would be the -- by how much would be the capacity 
expandable from the current level of 4,200 metric tons? 
Akshay Pitti: 
That facility is saturated in terms of land building and the pollution 
permits that they have. Our idea is to make that specializing in smaller 
and more critical castings, which is what the equipment there is actually 
geared up to do. And all the medium and large-sized castings and which 
are less critical in nature, move them to Pitti Castings facility eventually 
as we have surplus capacity here. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ramchandra Naik, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ramchandra Naik: I hope you're able to hear me. Akshay, a quick question again is about 
the recent budget. There was this the Finance Minister announced that 
for MSMEs and employers, when you hire people, there's going to be 
some benefit. 
Akshay Pitti: 
I'm sorry, I can't actually understand anything you're saying. It's very, 
very muffled your voice. 
Ramchandra Naik: Are you able to hear me clearly now? Okay. My question to you was in 
the recent budget... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, there is a background noise from your end. Can you 
move to quieter place and just ask your question because we are not able 
to hear you clearly. 
Ramchandra Naik: I'm going to try that. Are you able to hear me better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, please continue. 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Ramchandra Naik: Okay. My question was in the recent budget, the honourable Finance 
Minister had announced about some benefits that employers would get 
when you hire new people. Would Pitti be making any use of the benefit 
or the -- whatever was announced by the Finance Minister? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So as of now, we've not evaluated this, we will evaluate and take the 
benefit if it's accruable to us in a sustainable manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Het Choksi from Deven Choksi. 
Please go ahead. 
Het Choksi: 
Yes, congratulations for a fantastic acquisition and best wishes for the 
integration and the journey ahead. Just demonstrate the skills you have 
in the vision you see or vision you have to see Pitti Engineering 
transform into a core critical engineering company. So keep up the good 
work. 
Yes, Akshay, so basically, this question was mainly related to their 
logistics around the entire plants which we acquired considering the fact 
that your main plants are based in Hyderabad and Aurangabad. And this 
plant is based in Bangalore. And the fact that now you are saying that 
because of the capacity you have in Pitti Castings, where you can do 
more medium and large-scale casting? How easy would it be to drive up 
the capacity utilization there and within the -- and how much time would 
it take for you to move the business out of Dakshin for the medium- and 
large-sized castings to Pitti Castings. That was the first question. 
And how will this lead to better their product development? As I 
understand, this acquisition actually gives you the fillip to develop more 
niche and core critical products because of the technical abilities that 
Dakshin posses. So how well will you be able to manage the product 
development cycle and delivery cycle as far as the medium and large-
size castings are concerned. 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. So see, like you said, the facilities at Pitti Engineering traditionally 
owned are in Aurangabad and Hyderabad. If you see both the 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
acquisitions, they are catered and centered towards Bangalore. So we're 
very cognizant of the fact that we don't want to spread ourselves to thin 
in terms of management bandwidth. The good thing is that in Chaitra -- 
Bagadia Chaitra, Chaitra Sundaresh has joined us as a full-time CEO. 
So handling the logistics and business of that entity in Bangalore will 
not be very difficult for us. 
As far as the integration of Dakshin Foundry is concerned, see, we will 
eventually and slowly move the products, which are large and not so 
critical from Dakshin to Pitti Casting facility and open up capacity 
induction to cater to even more critical castings and therefore drive up 
the margins. There's no conscious plan to today shift anything as and 
when we are developing those products and ramping up, we will do 
those needs. 
Het Choksi: 
So just to add on this question, what is the general product development 
cycle for -- let's say, particularly for a new acquisition which you do, 
what is the learning time? And the conversion of that learning into an 
application for a particular motor or a particular casting product. 
Because as I understand this factory, which you have in Dakshin there's 
a real smart capability of doing niche metro projects and newish like 
train manufacturing components. So the fact that you are moving some 
of these medium and large size castings to Pitti, it will actually give you 
a lot of fillip to do this kind of very niche and technical products for new 
age trains and new age railway services. 
Akshay Pitti: 
Absolutely. So see, from the time that we start developing a product to 
the time that the product is developed is about 9 to 10 months and then 
the customer has its own cycle time to approve the part at there end -- 
putting it into the locomotive or the metro train and approving it. As far 
as the developed part is concerned, moving rates would not take more 
than 6-odd months because when the process is established, it just needs 
to be reestablished at a new location. 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Het Choksi: 
Okay. So basically 6 months, which would -- what we will take to ramp 
up production. And integrate a particular new product to from Dakshin 
to your Pitti Castings. 
Akshay Pitti: 
As and when we start the process, each product will take about 6 months. 
Maybe we can concurrently move 3 or 4 products, not more than that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dharmil Shah from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Just wanted to confirm one thing. You mentioned 30% -- out of the total 
output, 30% is machined and 70% is raw output. Is this understanding, 
right? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes, that's correct. 70% of sales are raw casting and 30% of the sales are 
in machine condition. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Got it. And any plans for increasing this in the next few years because 
output you mentioned is factory is already running at optimal capacity? 
Akshay Pitti: 
Yes. So obviously, on the raw casting, our first endeavour would be -- 
and the easiest thing to start would be machining these castings and 
supplying to customers because they are getting it machined at some 
place or the other. 
Dharmil Shah: 
For any rough sense, what would the mix would be for next, FY '25 or 
FY '26? 
Akshay Pitti: 
See, it's too early in the day for me to make a firm comment on that. But 
if I was to guess, it would be that, say, in a year or 1.5 years' time, we 
should be at a rate of about 50% machine and 50% raw. And then we 
take it from there. Because if you have to again increase the machining, 
we would also have to add capacity in Pitti Engineering. We're also kind 
of running neck to neck on our machining capacity. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Correct. And at 50-50 mix for machining and raw business, what would 
be the EBITDA per ton in the Dakshin Foundry business? 

 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Akshay Pitti: 
See EBITDA per ton, again, it's too early for me to make a statement on 
that. I need to understand that business a little more. What I can tell you 
is that if you take the machining and raw casting, raw casting is typically 
sold at about INR200 a kg average sale realization and machining is 
typically sold at around INR330, INR340 a kg. Okay. So from there, we 
can kind of work out the kind of value that doesn't happen because of 
machines. 
Dharmil Shah: 
Understood. And lastly, is the senior management in Dakshin going to 
remain same or will -- I mean, how are you going to...? 
Akshay Pitti: 
So like there, we have a professional MD, Mr. Vishwajeet Banerjee, his 
current employment agreement is 31st March, we will be at appropriate 
time looking to renew that. Other than that, he has a second level team 
of the senior professionals. As of now, all of them are going to continue 
with us in the consolidated enterprise. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached 
the end of the question-and-answer session. And on behalf of Pitti 
Engineering, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining the 
call. For further queries or visiting the plant, please be in touch with Mr. 
Rama Naidu from Intellect PR on 9920209623. Thank you for joining 
us and have a wonderful day. Thank you. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
