July 22, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
Dear Sir(s), 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 
2024, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on July 19, 2024, for your information and 
records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: 
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q1-FY-
2025.pdf 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Valde Varghese 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl. as above 
VALDE 
VARGHESE 
PONTHOKK
EN
Digitally signed 
by VALDE 
VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN 
Date: 2024.07.22 
17:31:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 19, 2024 
 
 
 
  
 
Management: 
 
• MR. SUNDEEP SIKKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO 
• MR. SAUGATA CHATTERJEE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
• MR. AMOL BILAGI – INTERIM-CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARPANARGHYA SAHA – CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARUN SUNDARESAN – HEAD OF ETF 
• MR. ASHISH CHUGANI – HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. AASHWIN DUGAL – DEPUTY HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. SHIN MATSUI-SAN - NOMINEE OF NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE, 
JAPAN 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SWARNABHA MUKHERJEE - BATLIVALA & 
KARANI SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset 
Management Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala 
& Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Swarnabha Mukherjee from Batlivala 
& Karani Securities India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Thank you, Steve. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. On behalf of Batlivala 
& Karani Securities, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY 2025 Earnings 
Conference Call of Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited. Today, we 
have with us Mr. Sundeep Sikka, Executive Director and CEO, along with top 
management team of Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sikka for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Good evening and welcome to our Q1 FY25 earnings conference call. 
We have with us, Chief Business Officer - Saugata Chatterjee, Interim-Chief 
Financial Officer - Amol Bilagi, Chief Digital Officer - Arpan Saha, Head ETF 
- Arun Sundaresan, Head AIF - Ashish Chugani, Deputy Head AIF - 
Aashwin Dugal and Shin Matsui-San, nominee from Nippon Life Insurance 
(Japan). 
 
Our detailed investor presentation and press release have been uploaded on 
the exchanges as well as our website. I would like to share some comments on 
the recent Industry trends and our performance, prior to addressing your 
questions. 
 
I would like to start by mentioning that in Q1 FY25, NAM India has achieved 
a Profit After Tax of INR 3.32 bn as well as its highest ever quarterly 
Operating Profit at INR 3.08 bn. Further, owing to the consistent efforts of 
the business teams, our Equity Net Sales market share and SIP market share 
remain well above our Equity AUM market share.  
 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Beginning with the markets: 
Equity markets in Q1 FY25 displayed a strong performance overall. The NIFTY 
moved up by 7.5% QoQ, while the NIFTY Mid & Small Cap indices rose by 
17% & 19%, respectively. The RBI held the repo-rate steady at 6.50%, while 
the 10 Year G-Sec yield moderated by 5 bps QoQ to 7.01%. 
 
Coming to data on the Mutual Fund industry: 
1. Industry QAAUM grew by 9% QoQ and 37% YoY in Q1 FY25 to INR 59 
trillion. 
2. Strong momentum in the Equity segment sustained, as the share of Equity in 
overall AUM continued to increase, ending at 59.4% for Q1 FY25, up from 
51.8% for Q1 FY24. 
 
Now, moving to Industry flows: 
1) The Equity category (excluding index funds and arbitrage funds) witnessed a 
gross inflow of INR 2.54 trillion and a net inflow of INR 1.10 trillion – both 
gross and net inflows were higher on a QoQ basis for a fourth successive 
quarter. 
2) Strong inflows were witnessed across Sectoral/Thematic funds, Multi Cap and 
Multi Asset Allocation funds, and inflows in the Small & Mid Cap funds were 
higher sequentially. 
3) While Sectoral/Thematic funds, witnessed high inflows on the back of a large 
number of NFOs, NAM India has opted to stay away from this trend. We believe 
that a large share of such inflow into these funds that comes on the back of a 
market tailwind, may not be in the best interest of the investors and is typically 
not very sticky. We would like to continue to focus on scaling-up our existing 
products which have a long-term track record. That being said, we will continue 
to launch newer products on the Passive side – both Index Funds & ETFs, as 
and when required. 
4) Moving on to SIP - Investments via the SIP route further increased, with the SIP 
contribution for the quarter being INR 625 bn, up 45% YoY and 9% QoQ. 
5) Monthly SIP flows in Jun-2024 stood at INR 213 bn, which was another all-
time high. SIP folios increased 7% QoQ to 89.9 mn. 
6) The Fixed Income category i.e. (debt + liquid), witnessed a net inflow of INR 
123 bn after the outflow in the previous quarter. 
7) The ETF category had a net inflow of INR 267 bn. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
At the end of the quarter, unique investors in the Mutual Fund Industry 
increased to 46.9 mn i.e., an increase of 22% YoY, while industry folios 
increased to 191.0 mn. 
 
Now moving to our business performance: 
1) We closed the quarter with total assets under management of INR 6.04 trillion. 
This includes Mutual Funds, Managed Accounts and Offshore Funds. 
2) Our Mutual Fund QAAUM grew 12% QoQ & 54% YoY to reach INR 4.84 
trillion. We have had the highest increase in QAAUM market share on a YoY 
basis among all AMCs and second highest increase QoQ. Further, on a QoQ 
basis, we have been the fastest growing AMC among the Top-10 players. 
 
I would now like to share a few key highlights for the quarter: 
1) Starting with market share - Our market share increased 24 bps QoQ and 93 bps 
YoY to 8.20% with market share increases across all asset categories. This is 
the fifth successive quarter of market share increase that we have witnessed. 
2) Our Equity market share also continues to improve. It increased by 12 bps QoQ 
and 62 bps YoY to 6.88%. This is our highest Equity market share post Dec-
2020. 
3) The share of Equity AUM in our overall AUM continued to increase and stood 
at 49.8% for Q1 FY25, up from 49.2% as of Q4 FY24. 
4) Performance of most of our Equity schemes remained strong, and this along 
with our distribution network, digital capabilities and strong risk management 
helped to deliver a near double-digit market share in net sales in the Equity + 
Hybrid segment in Q1 FY25. 
5) On the segmental front – Our Individual AUM, which consists of Retail & HNI 
AUM, saw further market share improvement. Individual AUM grew 16% QoQ 
to INR 2.98 trillion. Market share increased 21 bps QoQ to 7.95%. 
6) Our Corporate AUM grew 15% QoQ to INR 2.11 trillion. This led to market 
share improvement of 37 bps QoQ to 8.86%. 
7) Our B-30 AUM grew 16% QoQ to INR 1.00 trillion, which keeps us amongst 
the fastest growing large AMCs in B30 locations. Our market share improved 
20 bps QoQ to 8.98%. This segment forms 20% of our AUM versus 18% for 
the Industry. 
8) We continue to have the largest base in the Mutual Fund industry, with 17.5 mn 
unique investors. We are humbled to have over 1 in 3 mutual fund investors 
invest with us. 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
I would also like to touch upon some important aspects of our Systematic 
Book: 
1) I am happy to share that there has been a continued uptick in our systematic 
flows over the last 12 quarters, which has led to an increase in market share. 
2) Of the incremental SIP flows in the quarter, we had a market share of ~11%. 
3) SIP market share increased by 28 bps over March 2024 to June 2024, ending at 
9.36%. 
4) Our monthly systematic book rose by 11% to INR 25.8 bn for June 2024 over 
March 2024. This resulted in an annualized systematic book of INR 310 bn. 
5) On a YoY basis, the monthly systematic book grew by 111% over June 2023 
when it was INR 12.2 bn, as against 44% growth for the Industry. 
6) 59% of our SIP AUM has continued for over 5 years versus 28% for the 
Industry. 
 
I would now like to update you on the increase in headcount witnessed in 
the quarter:  
1) As some of you may have noticed from the presentation, we have increased our 
employee headcount by ~45 employees in Q1 FY25. Further we have also 
inducted ~50 management trainees in July-2024 leading to a total headcount 
increase of ~95 employees. 
2) Of the total increase, majority is on account of the Sales & Distribution function 
and AIF. 
3) As mentioned in the past, we will continue to invest in our future growth, 
whether it be on talent, technology, or other areas. 
 
Moving on briefly to the ETF Segment: 
1) We continue to be one of the largest ETF players with AUM of INR 1.3 trillion 
and a market share of 17.8% (which increased by 108 bps QoQ). 
2) Our share in the industry’s ETF folios is ~60%. We have 61% share of ETF 
volumes on the NSE and the BSE. Our ETFs’ average daily volumes, across 
key funds, remain far higher than the rest of the Industry. 
3) Passive AUM, which includes ETFs and Index Funds, crossed the milestone of 
INR 1.5 trillion in the quarter. 
 
 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Moving on to our distribution franchise: 
1) Digital Transformation has always been a strong focus for NIMF. Our Digital 
Roadmap is in line with consumer expectations crafted around innovation and 
ease. The NIMF digital transformation journey factors in consumers across all 
segments starting from the new Gen Z to the experienced investors bringing in 
need based relevance and personalized touch. 
2) The digital focus at NIMF has been on a future ready stance and to provide a 
lucid online experience for our investors and franchise. The NIMF Digital Stack 
has ensured that the users always experience Frictionless solutions in this 
information first economy. This has led NIMF to become a prime choice for the 
Online Customers where every two seconds we have 30 consumers purchasing 
a NIMF product digitally across our digital ecosystem  
3) Digital purchase transactions rose to 2.82 million in Q1 FY25, up 170% YoY. 
In the month of June-2024, NIMF Digital crossed 1 million new purchase 
transactions. Digital Business contributed 68% of the total new purchase 
transactions Q1 FY25. 
4) Our physical distribution base is well diversified, with a wide presence in 263 
locations across the country. 
5) We have over 1,04,300 distributors in total and added roughly 2,900 distributors 
in the quarter.  
 
Now, I would like to briefly update you on our subsidiaries - namely the 
AIF & Singapore subsidiaries: 
1) Starting off with AIF - As mentioned in the past, AIF continues to be an 
important focus area for NAM India. 
2) Under, Nippon India AIF, we offer Category II and Category III Alternative 
Investment Funds and have a total commitment of INR 65.1 bn across various 
schemes. 
3) The company has started broadening its focus across asset classes and strategies. 
Towards this end, we have recently launched a Performing Credit AIF and a 
Long Only Small Cap Equity AIF. Fundraising is currently underway, and both 
have undertaken their initial closing.  
4) We have recently undertaken first closing of our Tech/VC AIF ‘Nippon India 
Digital Innovation AIF Scheme 2A’ - a direct Venture Capital fund targeting 
investments in early to growth stage start-ups. 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
5) Also, our Tech/VC FoF launched in 2020 is in the advanced stage of 
deployment with nearly 84% of commitment raised having been deployed 
across 12 Tech/VC funds. 
6) On the Offshore front - We have witnessed good equity inflows in the quarter 
from various international geographies and we remain positive for this trend to 
continue in the future as well. 
7) We will remain focused on fundraising from international markets and are 
looking at business opportunities with subsidiaries, associates, and the larger 
network of Nippon Life. Nippon Life, Japan also remains committed in 
supporting NAM India’s Offshore operations and growth. 
8) We continue to see interest for India, from conventional markets like Europe, 
Middle East, Japan and from unconventional markets like LATAM, Thailand, 
Korea etc. 
 
Now on to our Financial Performance: 
• 
For Q1 FY25, Revenue stood at INR 5.05 bn, up 43% YoY and 8% QoQ. 
• 
Other Income stood at INR 1.31 bn, up 12% YoY and 42% QoQ. 
• 
Operating Profit stood at INR 3.08 bn, up 59% YoY and 9% QoQ. 
• 
Profit After Tax stood at INR 3.32 bn - an increase of 41% YoY.  
 
Overall Q1 FY25 has been another strong quarter for the MF Industry as well 
as for NAM India and we hope this trend continues going forward. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So just two questions. So firstly, 
with respect to the consultation paper which SEBI has come up with, could 
you share the comments around the same like what -- how are we looking at 
this on the new asset class? So that will be my first question. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes, do you want to go ahead with the second question also? Then we can try 
to combine it together. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. The second question is like so during the quarter like we have seen some 
compression on the yield side. So what were the reasons for the same? And 
like also could you give us yields on the asset class wise, like equity, debt, 
liquid? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Let me take the first question and the second one, I will request my colleague, 
Amol, to take it. With respect to the new consultation paper, we are still 
evaluating the paper, given it is out only recently. I think the opportunity could 
be big. We must also be cautious on the new kind of risk associated with the 
new asset class and not get carried away with it. All options are currently open, 
and we are trying to see how we can take advantage of it. But we want to 
remain cautious. 
 
While the minimum ticket size what is mentioned is INR 10 lakh, we may 
evaluate to launch products which will be higher than INR 10 lakhs at the entry 
level, because we want investors who are really, really understand the risk 
associated with it to come into such products. But like I said, these are the 
initial days, it just has come two days back. Maybe in the next quarterly call, 
we'll be able to give you better clarity. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. Thanks, Sundeep. So on the yield part, for the quarter, we have seen a 
QoQ growth in equity AUM of almost 14%. And as you are aware, due to 
telescopic pricing, there would be pressure on the yield as the yield contracts 
as the AUM grows. So that is the main reason why we have seen a contraction 
in the yield. So on a QoQ basis, if you look at it, there is 1 basis point 
compression in the yield. 
 
On the asset class wise, the yields - on equity stands at around 60 basis points. 
On debt, it's around 25 basis points. On liquid, it's around 10 to 12 basis points. 
And on ETF, it's around 8 to 10 basis points. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sure. And sir, in your opening remarks, you also highlighted the fact that 
you would be staying out of launching products on the sectoral and thematic 
side, whereas in the industry, we are looking at a lot of AMCs are looking to 
launch products on the same, and they are mobilizing funds also. So like what 
is our thought process on that?  
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
From our point of view, a lot of these products are being launched only with 
the tailwind of the markets doing well. And past many of the thematic funds 
which get launched are not able to do so well for a long period of time. Our 
strategy would be to remain restricted to some of our core flagship products 
and scale them up. 
 
If you were to deep dive into portfolios of some of the thematic funds which 
have come, 70% to 80% are similar to most of the diversified funds. So we will 
stay away from launching -- getting into such themes which, seem to be very 
seasonal in nature. And we'll try to continue focusing on our regular large cap, 
small cap, mid cap or true-to-label sectoral funds, which the investor 
understands what he's getting into. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Bhatra from ICICI Prudential 
AMC. 
 
Shubham Bhatra: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I had a question regarding your 
FY24 numbers. So if I look at your consolidated financials, the PMS revenue 
comes out to around INR 29 crores, whereas in the standalone, it is INR 42 
crores. Why is it the consolidated revenue lower than the standalone? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes. So we have to check that what you're referring to probably, then we can 
get back to you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So just a couple of quick questions. 
One, why has staff cost gone up so sharply? And so from INR 89 crores last 
year in Q4, we've gone to INR 105 crores. And even on a YoY basis, the jump 
is very material. So wanted to understand that. And what should we sort of be 
building in for the rest of the year? 
 
And second, the AUM is growing really rapidly. And incrementally, are we 
able to pass on the lower sort of TER in terms of lower distribution cost to our 
customers? Or are we losing out in terms of incrementally what we are able to 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
keep for us? We are, obviously, but is there any way to stabilize those yields? 
What's the thought process on that? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Okay. Thanks, Madhukar, for the question. So the reason for the increase in 
employee costs are manifold. Basically, first of all, is the fresh ESOPs granted 
during the quarter 1, that has resulted in a P&L hit of around INR 8.3 crores, 
which has added to that. Another part is the increment that we had for this year, 
which was higher than the average past increment. So the increment was in the 
range of 12%, 13%. That is why you see that. 
 
Also, the provision for the variable pay that we have made in quarter 1 would 
be comparatively higher compared to what we did in Q1 of last year, so that's 
another reason why you will see the higher variance. And also this year, there 
was a comparatively higher spend toward the annual employee engagement 
activity. And so these are some of the reasons why cumulatively, the costs have 
gone up for the quarter. 
 
And if you look at the year, excluding employee costs, probably you can see 
an increment of around 12% to 13% over the full year. So as Sundeep 
mentioned, that we have already added 100 employees during the quarter, and 
we will keep on investing -- wherever we feel necessary, we'll keep on adding 
resources. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
You said excluding employee costs, the other costs will go up 12%, 13%. I 
didn't get... 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
No, excluding ESOP cost, the overall employee cost will go up 12%, 13%. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Excluding ESOP cost, got it, got it. Okay. Understood, understood. And on the 
other question on the yield... 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So in the past, you would have heard from us that we had reduced the brokerage 
in one of our largest funds, and that continues to be one of the practice which 
we are doing. We, on a QoQ basis for all new business, what we garner, as per 
the TER movement, we proportionately reduce the brokerages. And that's been 
our practice, and we will continue to do that as we go ahead. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
It does not impact our business that much because the granularity of our 
business is very different. We have a very strong retail franchise, and we 
believe in building assets through SIP, and that's probably the reason why we 
continue to maintain our net sales growth on a QoQ basis. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. And just one follow-up question on the employee cost. What 
should be billed as ESOP cost for the year? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So the ESOP question would be roughly around INR 45 crores for the full year. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And next couple of years, like? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So it will taper down. So as I mentioned, first, normally, whenever an ESOP is 
granted, the first year, almost 50% get accounted in the first year and then it 
tapers down to 25%, 26% in the next year and then it reduces further in the 
third and fourth year. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Got it. And all the best. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Thank you, Madhukar. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranjeet Bhalrao, an individual investor. 
 
Ranjeet Bhalrao: 
This is more of a suggestion or a request than a question. The reports that are 
published and reported to the exchange, will the amounts be mentioned in lakhs 
and crores instead of millions and billions? Most of the people in India are 
more familiar with the former than the latter. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Sure, Ranjeet, we can definitely, surely look into that. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Service. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Firstly, if we think about the strategy with 
respect to branch expansion or deepening your presence, further presence into 
the country, what are your thoughts there, what are your strategies there? You 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
added some 2,900 distributors in the quarter. So what is the strategy there? 
That would be my first question. 
 
And related to that, second question as to how should we think about your other 
expenses growing in this year where you guided for the employee cost, but 
from other expenses standpoint, how do we see this increasing? And coming 
back to the employee cost of it, addition of employees at the sales and 
distribution level, do you think that this should continue? Or are we reaching 
an optimal stage whether you invested enough for the next 1 or 2 years? Or is 
it that you still will continue to add? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Actually, both the questions are linked to each other. I'll try to club it together. 
Presently, we are present in 263 locations and 70% of our branches are in B30 
locations. So we'll continue evaluating some of our branches. We were 
relooking at changing, making them bigger. 
 
As the penetration and the scale of businesses there is increasing in the cities 
and towns, will we go really deep and add a lot more branches? Answer is no. 
I mean, even if there would be, there could be 10, 15 branches in a year. But 
there'll not be much, because we are also seeing a lot of these B30 locations, 
the new business, as it was mentioned in the presentation, a lot of this business 
is coming through digital. 
 
So it will be a hub-and-spoke model, but to your question, will we add a lot 
more branches, having one of the largest branch franchise, I don't think so that 
we will add too many more branches. It could be maybe 5, 10 branches in a 
year. That's the kind of trend at this point of time we see. 
 
As far as adding employees is concerned, I think, yes, we have added about 94 
employees in all, total. ~45 were added in Q1 and 50 have been added after 
that. Some are in sales and distribution. And also very high percentage of them 
are basically the new talent and the new skill set we are acquiring for our 
alternative investment businesses. 
 
So will this trend continue? Based on how the penetration is increasing in the 
country and how the smaller cities are contributing, about 10% addition can 
happen, I think, for the next 3 to 4 years also. So about 100 more people can 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
be added. I mean most broadly, many of them will be at entry level. Few could 
be new skill set that we'll require for our alternative business. 
 
And regarding the other costs, other than ex of employee cost, we believe it 
will be in the range of about -- you can expect about 12% to 13% increase 
every year. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
12% to 13% increase and a large portion of that would be in what, because 
generally, there should be a good scale benefits. So a large portion of this 
increase would come in from what element, the digital, advertisement, what 
would kind of take away a large portion of this increase? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Majority of this will be technically investments for future, you're right. It could 
be digital, advertising, building the brand. Because as we go up, because there's 
a lot of operating leverage at the fund today, as we have grown from INR 3 
lakh crores to touching almost INR5 lakh crores, the basic costs don't go up. 
So I mean, some of these are inflation-related costs, but majority of the costs 
are going to be investments for future. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had a question on the SIP flows. 
And is there any color that you guys gave out on which is your segment where 
majority of the flows come into, not in terms of the tenure or anything that 
comes out in the B30 but in terms of the product segment? And any color on 
how those -- has there been any change or any need in that segment where the 
SIP flows were coming? Has that shifted to any other direction? Any of those 
-- any color on that will be useful. 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
If you see the SIP flows which are coming to the industry and to us. For us, the 
good part is we have de-risked our SIP flows across the various funds which 
we have today. Earlier, probably 2 years back, it was probably small cap was 
anchoring the entire SIP flows. Today, the dispersion of the SIP flows have 
moved towards small cap, large cap, mid-cap. And we are also seeing a lot of 
flows now coming into the sectoral funds. So that's the way the SIP book is 
now building for us. It is quite de-risked at this point in time. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
And the other part is the retail franchise, which we have built, along with the 
digital strength which we have, we are getting a lot of inflows coming in from 
the B30 market. The reason why our B30 market share is much more than our 
share of assets in B30 is much higher than the industry average. 
 
So that is the way the flow is coming. Even our average ticket size is increasing. 
So today, because investors want to stay longer with us, they are ready to 
commit a higher average ticket size, which is also an area of improvement, 
which we have seen in the last 6 to 12 months. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sure, sir, and just that you mentioned B30, so should we expect whatever 
market share you have in B30 market, similar would be the trend with SIP flow 
or how should we look at that one then? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Yes. So we have a higher -- because B30 market share is now increasing, the 
SIP flow book always is higher and then the market share moves in tandem to 
the SIP market share. So if SIP market share, as an example, if it is, say, 10%, 
our B30 market share maybe 8%, then it starts catching up as we -- as the SIP 
book starts building. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from BK 
Securities. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Just following up on the previous participant's question in terms of the 
distribution in B30. So sir, if I see your distributed assets, I can see that over 
the last few quarters, your MFD share in the stock has kind of slipped by maybe 
100 basis points, which has been taken up by the bank side. So I just wanted to 
understand why would that B30 growth be reflecting in the distributed asset 
mix? Are we reaching out to customers through the banking channel? What is 
happening? 
 
And secondly, as a ramification on our yields, because as banks see some 
increase in share in the mix and it being a higher-cost channel, is it also putting 
a slight pressure on the headline numbers that we are seeing, which we have 
been discussing that there has been a slight squeeze in that? So that is one. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
And thirdly, in terms of the flows, so I think the schemes that you have 
mentioned, I think the larger schemes continue to still -- while the flow is de-
risked, but the larger schemes continue to see higher share of flow. Sir, any 
mitigation strategies which can result in the smaller schemes also maybe 
getting even more and more share, which can kind of help us maintain some 
stability in the yields? So these are my two questions. 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Yes. So I'll just take this answer. So on the B30 side, like Sundeep also 
mentioned during the initial comments, there's a plethora of NFOs which have 
come in the industry. And typically, what happens, the B30 market tends to 
participate more in the NFOs. And hence, your B30 market share in IFA might 
have slipped a bit. But what we do, we are also de-risking our business in the 
sense if we have to broad-base, we have to go to other channels. 
 
So for us, banks are not only the private sector banks, we have a very strong 
PSU bank ties which we run in the company, which is also does give us 
protection on yields. And that's the way we are trying to build our volumes in 
these markets. 
 
On top of that, the digital penetration in B30 is also very strong for us. So if 
you combine all the three aspects, we tend to get our fair share of wallet. And 
we are continuously accessing channels, which will keep giving us inroads to 
new investors. So that is the strategy which we work with. And that's the first 
part of the question. 
 
Second part is when it comes to de-risking from a scheme perspective, like I 
mentioned, small cap obviously has reduced. We have moved the flows into 
mid-cap, multi-cap large-cap, sectoral funds. The entire narrative, which is 
happening in the industry around sectoral funds, we are capturing it through 
SIP because it's good to build the book through SIPs rather than having lump-
sum because there are cyclical trends in these sort of schemes. 
 
So you'll find sequentially as we move ahead, we'll start having more trends in 
these products. And hopefully, the mix will keep improving as we go ahead 
from here on. Currently, as we speak, almost 1/4 of the flows are coming from 
our large cap and multi-cap funds each. So that's again a de-risking strategy, 
which has helped us. And as I mentioned, it is an ongoing thing. 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Understood, sir. Very helpful. Is it possible to give some indication of how -- 
maybe to what yield level the flow shares are coming vis-a-vis that on the stock 
equity? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So we don't include that number, Swarnabha, but safer to say that the yield on 
a new business would be lower than the stock. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
So the first is a data question. I wanted to know what would be the closing 
equity book? I think the average is about INR 2.4 trillion. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We have about INR 2.6 trillion. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And then sort of coming back to Chatterjee-sir on question on yields. So in one 
of the earlier questions around the current level of commission payouts, you 
were sort of giving a sense that it doesn't seem to be a matter of too much 
concern. We've seen almost, I think, 10 basis points sort of a correction on the 
equity yields on a YoY basis. 
 
But I guess, the pass-through for the distributor hasn't been to a similar extent. 
So what is your thought process around this? Where you're planning for the 
rest of the year or maybe 1 to 2 years, when would you kind of think about 
passing slightly higher share to the distributor as well? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So at least for us, as I mentioned, the telescopic TER movement, which we had 
seen in every fund, we try to replicate that in the brokerage structure to quite 
an extent. And the reason why QoQ, the brokerage structures do tend to follow 
the glide path. 
 
The previous question which has come in, we have a ratio which has old assets 
as well as new assets. So we get protection from the old assets too. And as we 
progress, and we -- so there is an equation where if you are bringing down the 
new business brokerage and the old assets continue to probably remain with 
us, the blended yield for us will gradually go down. It will not go down in 
proportion to the TER movement. 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
And just to add to it, having said that, we have various levers that we will keep 
working on to ensure that a decline in yield is not very steep. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Okay. And then just a clarification, the commission payouts on SIP versus 
lump sum, is there a difference in how you structured the overall commission 
structure? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
No, it is similar. It is both for lump-sum and SIP, we have the same structure. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And sorry, one last thing, just again, a qualitative sense. Given that we 
are staying out of the NFO market and we are sort of preferring to bring more 
money through the SIP route versus lump sum, how does it work with the 
distributor, right? Because for him, generally, it seems like there is lots of 
opportunity when it comes to pushing your products versus others. 
 
So do we read this as just the performance sort of doing the heavy lifting? Or 
is there some other way we are sort of keeping ourselves relevant in the 
market? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So it's not an SIP versus lump sum. There are enough number of distributors 
who also believe in the same strategy as ours that it is important to be -- it's far 
better for the investor to get into averaging to SIPs rather than lump-sum. So I 
would not say that -- I will not paint all distributors in the same brush that they 
want only lump-sum. 
 
The other trend we have seen is very different. A lot of distributors and AMCs 
thinking in the interest of the investors prefer the SIP route. So I don't think so 
we have to make an extra effort for it. It's a question of like-minded thought 
process, that it works good for the investor, if it works good for the investor, 
it's good for the distributor and good for the AMC. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from InCred Research. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Just wanted to check, it's more of curiosity I'm asking. You are seeing that your 
overall market share ex ETF and equity is also 6.88%, which is roughly 12 bps 
higher, right? So -- and even your market share, your ETFs have also seen a 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
significant improvement sequentially. So with ETF also, if you see like what 
other large AMC gives…. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Jignesh, can you repeat your question? 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Yes. So your equity market share, excluding ETF, is 6.88%, correct, which is 
12 bps kind of a rise sequentially? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes, correct. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
So if you put -- with ETF also, we will be seeing a significant improvement 
only, right? I just wanted to reconfirm because I see sequentially, your ETF 
market share also has gone up. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Correct, you're right. And secondly, we tried to give it different, this is 
separately. But your understanding is correct, if you were to see both ETF and 
equity, the market share has gone up sort of from 12 basis point and more than 
100 basis point in ETF. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
We have seen a significant improvement on the corporate segment side. Retail 
and HNI had anyhow been decent, but corporate is also right now doing good 
for us. 
 
And direct channel has also seen a significant improvement. So anything 
specific you want to mention for this particular segment because once the debt 
market opens up, which we are seeing now, the flow is improving, the 
corporate plays an important role. Anything worth highlighting that would be 
here or something that you want to comment upon? That is the only thing I 
wanted to understand. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Broadly, if you would have seen, there has been an improvement in all 
segments, retail, HNI, corporate and all asset classes. I will not attribute to 
anything specific that we have done in the last quarter, but a lot of things we've 
done in the last 5 or 6 years. And I believe a lot of these things come with a lag 
effect. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
So definitely, things are falling in place. And we see structurally, across all 
segments of asset classes, that we have done and the way the company is 
positioned, we will benefit with higher inflows and higher market share in 
times to come. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Just roughly one more thing. With the almost 90% profit we are distributing as 
dividend, so roughly around 90%. Our ROE has been significantly improving, 
up to somewhere around 30% now But do we know that number will continue 
to go with our dividend? Is still policy remaining at the similar level? Can we 
assume that the ROEs can even cross 40% plus over a period of next one or 
two years, is that a fair assumption? Just an assumption I'm asking for. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
No, I will not be able to give a futuristic thing. I'm sure you can put it in the 
spreadsheet and see how it will look like. But from our perspective, the Board 
of the company has a very clear view to keep sharing the profits of the company 
with all shareholders, including the minority shareholders, and we'll continue 
with that trend. 
 
But ROE, this business has high operating leverage. As AUM increase, 
expenses do not go up the same way. And -- but we'll not be able to give a 
number to it. But yes, for this quarter, the ROE was 32%. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena Investments. 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
Congratulations on a wonderful set of numbers. I just wanted to draw your 
attention to Slide 44 regarding operating leverage. Of course, assets are a factor 
of how markets do and profits in turn would be a manifestation of that. But 
looking at variables which are controllable, do we think that if things sort of 
go in tandem, we could see some sort of accretion happening on per branch 
and per employee basis? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Amol here. Thanks for the question. So if you look at our expenses, like almost 
53% of our expenses come from the employee cost. Of this, almost 25% would 
be a variable component of it. So whenever there are tough times already that 
is -- which is directly into the profit of the company, right? So as and when 
there's internal profitability, that component which automatically coming 
down. 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
 
On the other expenses part, the majority of the expenses would be fixed in 
nature, except for some part of marketing and everything that are variable and 
that can be depending on the market situation that can be tapered down a little 
bit. But excluding that, I say, most of the expenses are fixed, and they will 
continue. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
The discretionary expenses, depending on the market conditions, one can take 
a call on them. But having said that, as we have always said, we see this 
business from a long-term point of view. We would not like to cut down short-
term cost and investments which can give us long-term benefits. 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, on the -- expanding on the employee expenses front, of 
course, variable payouts and head count addition, they are sort of cyclical in 
nature and would keep happening for business cycles. But we have seen this 
kind of spending on employee engagement. So do you think this will also 
continue or it's more of a cyclical thing that's prevailing right now? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
No, I will not say this is cyclical, but post-COVID and all has happened for the 
first time. But broadly, it will continue. Whether the expense amount will be 
the same or not, that is still a question mark, but employee engagement remains 
a very important part of the strategy of the company because ultimately, you 
have 1,000 plus employees, I mean small cities and towns, you have to engage 
with them, get them together. So all those things still important too, but 
employee engagement will continue. Amount will be difficult to ascertain at 
this point of time. 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
And just lastly, on adjustment of commission on account of the TER formula 
with the distribution partners. Of course, their TER on an absolute basis would 
also go down, probably their share of TER would go down. So do you think 
the industry -- why the spread of this activity would happen? Has it always 
started happening but other AMCs are sort of adjusting payout with the 
distributors? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I will not be able to comment on behalf of the industry in this call. It will 
depend on which AMC wants to work on top line or bottom line. For us, again, 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
as I mentioned in the earlier question, our focus is again on profitable growth, 
and rather than just being about the top line. 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
Mr. Sikka, congratulations to you and your team for the wonderful quarter and 
good luck. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
This will be the last question for today's conference call. It's from the line of 
Pradeep, an individual investor. 
 
Pradeep: 
Congratulations for the great set of results, and I hope it continues going 
forward. My question is on AIF. I was seeing on the website on AIF, we are 
taking stakes in these companies who are doing AIFs or we are doing mix of 
both? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Can you repeat the question, please? 
 
Pradeep: 
My major question is on AIF. I just want to ask that I was seeing on the website 
that we have some funds which we are taking stakes in. So these are the 
companies which we're taking stakes in who are doing AIF or it's a mix of both 
there? We have our own AIFs and we are doing some via some other 
companies as well? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I'll just try to clarify. I think this is in reference to our tech fund of fund or our 
venture fund, which was launched in 2020. That fund, actually, we consider it 
as a fund of fund and it was about INR 183 million was invested from investors 
in Japan. And that has invested in 12 different funds. 
 
So our idea is not to take stake. We maintain all these based on the constitution 
of the fund and with the RFPs what has been decided. So we have not bought 
stake in this. We are investors in this. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. I just wanted to add on the earlier question. So there was a question from 
Shubham on why the PMS revenue in the stand-alone is higher than your 
consol. So I just wanted to clarify on that. 
 

                                          Q1 FY25 Earnings Call 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
So if you look at on a stand-alone basis, that contains -- includes option 
advisory fees that we receive from our Singapore subsidiary. So when we do 
the consolidation, that gets eliminated, and that's why the figure in the 
consolidated numbers are below the numbers on the stand-alone numbers. 
 
And also, there was a question on the closing AUMs. So just wanted to provide 
the numbers. So on the equity, the closing AUM is around INR 2,598 billion. 
on the debt side, it's INR 733 billion, on liquid it's INR 336 billion and on the 
ETF, it is INR 1,402 billion. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. Thank you all for joining the call. Have a happy weekend. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
