 
 
 
  
 
  August 12, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531595 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: CGCL 
 
   Sub: 
Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, regarding Q1 FY25 Earnings Call - Transcript 
 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated July 31, 2024, intimating schedule of the Earnings Conference Call on August 6, 
2024, to discuss the Company’s Q1 FY25 Earnings, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the said 
Conference Call. 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Capri Global Capital Limited  
 
 
 
Yashesh Bhatt 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 20491 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
Yashesh 
Pankaj Bhatt
Digitally signed by Yashesh Pankaj Bhatt 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6864, 
2.5.4.20=b3e7ea901c9a729b6569714909dc863465c
42a6ccee67d63a046221ffe69079d, 
postalCode=400101, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6cf397ef478005ac82073195cebc3c2
6bc9eaf314477eccca9d035912ec460db, 
cn=Yashesh Pankaj Bhatt 
Date: 2024.08.12 10:36:52 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13  
 
 
 
 
 
“Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
August 06, 2024 
 
 
          
         
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PARTHA CHAKRABORTI, CFO 
MR. SANJEEV SRIVASTAVA, CRO 
MR. HARDIK DOSHI – CORPORATE FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
Indian Numbering System Legend 
₹ 10 Lakhs  
 
= ₹ 1Mn 
₹ 1 Crore  
 
= ₹ 10Mn 
₹ 100 Crores  
 
= ₹ 1Bn 
₹ 1 Lakh Crore  
 
= ₹ 1Tn 
 
NOTE:  
1) 
This transcript has been edited for lucid reading. To that extent, this is not a verbatim transcription of the audio 
transcript.  
2) 
Factual correction/s are superscripted at relevant places in the transcript and are explained in footnote/s.  
3) 
Wherever needed, emphasis is added in brackets (in italics) for better clarity. 
4) 
For uniformity with reporting format, values referred to in crores in the audio transcript have been converted to 
billions (bn) or millions (mn) in this text transcript. 
 
 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hardik Doshi from Capri Global Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Doshi. 
Hardik Doshi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This is Hardik Doshi. I shall read out a brief disclaimer for 
today's call. The discussion on today's call regarding Capri Global Capital Limited earnings 
performance will be based on judgments derived from the declared results and information 
regarding business opportunity available to the company at this time. The company's 
performance is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual 
results to differ materially in future. 
 
Given these uncertainties and other factors, participants on today's call may observe due 
caution while interpreting the results. The full disclaimer is available on Slide 42 of Q1 
FY25 investor presentation. Participants are requested to note the same. I now request our 
Managing Director, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, to present the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, friends. I hope you all are doing very well. We declared 
our unaudited consolidated results for Q1 FY25 on Saturday, 3rd August 2024. I hope you 
had a chance to go through the investor deck. 
 
As you all know, Capri Global Capital Limited continues to have a strategic focus on 
serving the large and fast-growing addressable market, maintaining a retail franchise with 
the granular book and high-quality fee income. We have distinguished ourselves through 
our robust presence in the lending sector, focusing on secure MSME lending, housing 
loans, gold loans, construction finance and indirect lending. 
 
We have also ventured into micro LAP, focusing on smaller ticket secured loans to self-
employed customers. We are dedicated to using a digital first technology-driven strategy 
to provide last-mile financing to the unbanked population. To achieve this, we have made 
substantial investment, which I will discuss subsequently. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
I'm pleased to report that all our technological initiatives have successfully gone live in the 
first quarter of FY25. This positions CGCL to reap significant long-term benefits. I shall 
now move the commentary on business and earnings performance. 
 
As regards to business, please refer Slide 4, 5 and 6. We maintained a strong growth 
momentum in Q1 FY25 with our AUM reaching to INR174,579 million, with an increase 
of 56% year-on-year. This growth was primarily driven by a 40% year-on-year increase in 
home loan and a 238% year-on-year growth in our gold loans. 
 
Our disbursement was INR56,197 million during the quarter, reflected 109% year-on-year 
growth. We remain focused on retail lending with retail AUM constituting over 80% of our 
portfolio. We are well positioned to drive growth and are on track to achieve our target of 
INR300,000 million AUM by FY27. 
 
Our co-lending AUM continued to surge during Q1 FY25, increasing to 16.4% of AUM 
compared to 11.7% in Q4 FY24 and 6.2% in Q1 FY24. We have further strengthened our 
bank partnerships, significantly increasing the acceptance ratio of loans with our partner 
banks compared to a year ago. With new technology in place, we expect this momentum 
of co-lending to continue to grow. 
 
We continue to build a granular and well-diversified portfolio for MSME and housing 
finance with the average ticket size of about INR19 lakhs. Due to seasonality effect and 
transition of a new loan origination system and loan management system during the first 2 
months of the year, the MSME and housing finance saw temporary stabilization. However, 
we are confident that our growth momentum will be back from Q2 onwards and will 
continue in coming quarters. 
 
Our gold loan AUM increased by 55% quarter-on-quarter to cross INR54,001 million, 
supported by our extensive gold loan branch network of 750 branches spread across 9 states 
and union territories and co-lending partnership with 4 banks. These branches have started 
to scale up and have reached the productivity of INR70 million AUM per branch. Share of 
construction finance and indirect lending disbursal remained steady during the quarter 
driven by the existing pension pipeline. 
 
The combined AUM share for both construction finance and indirect lending stayed at 
20%. Further, we are committed to our cautious risk management strategy keeping the mix 
below 20%. Our focus will remain on residential projects within the affordable housing 
sector while maintaining a granular book in indirect lending. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Now coming to the earnings, let me first start with our core earnings. Our yields were at 
16.3%, an increase of 70 basis points and our spreads reached to 7%, increase of 60 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter. Driven by our diversification into high-margin segments, the 
increase in marginal cost of funds was more than offset by the improvement in yield for 
advances. The net interest income or NII during Q1 FY25 came in at INR3,013 million, an 
increase of 18% quarter-on-quarter and 27% year-on-year. 
 
Our non-interest income comprises of 3 components: car loan distribution fee, co-lending 
income and other non-interest income. Our non-interest income increased by 35% year-on-
year, supported by strong fee income from co-lending, which increased by 126% year-on-
year and 17% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
With the momentum of our AUM remaining robust, our distribution franchise for car loan 
origination is now spread across pan-India. We anticipate this strong foundation will 
sustain the impressive growth trajectory of non-interest income. This strategic partnership 
and widespread distribution network positions us well to capitalize on emerging 
opportunities and further enhance our fee income stream. 
 
On the insurance distribution front, we have already tied up with about 11 insurance 
companies and started accruing fee income. We are looking to generate more than INR20 
crores in net fee income from insurance distribution in FY25. Following our branch 
expansion, we are now shifting our focus to improving the efficiency and productivity, the 
effect of this already started to reflect in our cost-to-income ratio, which has improved to 
64.6% in Q1 FY25, down from 70.5% in Q4 FY24, marking an improvement of 5.9% in 
this quarter. 
 
Additionally, we are implementing advanced analytics to streamline our operation and 
enhance decision-making processes, which we believe will drive further gains in 
efficiency. We expect further benefits will accrue as the operating leverage will kick in. As 
a result, our pre-provisioning operating profit increased significantly to INR1,452 million, 
up by 33% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Our credit cost increased in Q1 FY25 due to one-off slippages in our construction finance 
book, resulting in a technical write-off of INR 280 million. However, based on our 
experience, we are confident of recovering the entire amount. Our GNPA ratio and NNPA 
ratio remained broadly flat at 2% and 1.1%, respectively. Our Stage 3 PCR ratio stood at 
43%. As part of our resource diversification strategy, the company has initiated market 
borrowings in Q1. We successfully raised INR 5,000 million issuance for commercial 
paper, getting A1 Plus rating by CRISIL. This demonstrates our strong credit worthiness 
and enhances our financial flexibility to support future growth initiatives. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Our Board has also approved fund raise of INR 20,000 million by way of equity, debt or 
convertible securities through rights issue, preferential allotment or QIP. This fund raise 
will support our growth momentum and will further strengthen our balance sheet. Our gold 
loan business has now become profitable at operating level, and we reported a consolidated 
net profit of INR 757 million, which increased about 19% year-on-year. The gains from 
higher NII and flat opex was partially offset by higher credit costs. Our efforts to diversify 
our business income in past few years are now beginning to yield significant results as seen 
in Q1 FY25 performance. 
 
Now coming to technology and ESG, technology has been a critical focus area for us, and 
we implemented several key initiatives in FY24. Our entire end-to-end loan life cycle is 
now completely digitized and tech driven. We have made significant investment in 
technology, including our in-house developed loan origination system called Loan Express 
for MSME & home loan and Swarnim for gold loans. 
 
Flex Cube, which is a loan management system developed by Oracle; Capri Loans as for 
omnichannel customer engagement; Pragati sales app for digital on-boarding by our sales 
team; CollectXpress, an efficient tool for collections and Capri Business Partner app for 
our business partners. These platforms are currently stabilizing and have already started to 
yield positive results. 
 
These initiatives will lead to improvement in turnaround time, especially for our MSME 
and affordable housing businesses by enabling seamless distribution that enhances sales 
productivity. We will also optimize cost by reducing per file processing expenses, facilitate 
risk-based pricing through AI-driven credit underwriting, scorecards and digital collateral 
valuation to enhance portfolio quality, sophisticated dashboards and live monitoring as 
efficient collection tools. 
 
We look forward to sharing quantitative outcome of our tech initiatives in a couple of 
quarters. Capri has established a systematic ESG practice, internally has crafted policies as 
per international standard and ESG guidelines. We are currently in the process of obtaining 
ratings from global agencies. Furthermore, we are conducting training for our internal team 
and aligning our business processes with ESG requirements. 
 
Going ahead, we shall immediately keep our stakeholders updated on the progress we make 
on the ESG assessments. With that, I conclude my remarks. We shall now take questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Satyaprakash Pandey from Haitong. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Satyaprakash Pandey: 
I have 2 questions. First is on your insurance business. What was our net fee contribution 
from insurance business during the quarter? And if you can explain a little more on the 11 
tie-ups for insurance distribution we have done. This is the first question. 
 
And the second is we've been discussing our target to achieve mid-teen ROE in the 
midterm, driven by higher fee income and operating leverage. Can you provide a clear 
timelines for when we might start seeing this improvement reflecting in our numbers? 
Especially when do you anticipate reaching a sustainable 15% ROE? Because it's been 
some time that you've been guiding for mid-teens ROE. Yes, these are my 2 questions. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So as far as the insurance contribution is concerned, in quarter 1, we have achieved about 
INR 120 million insurance income and have tied-up with about 11 insurance companies. 
There are different products for different kind of customers, for medical and for health 
insurance, for life, for accident cover. So we have variety of the products. 
 
Now coming to by when we will reach mid-teen ROE and how is ROE looking for this 
year? So as compared to ROE, which was less than 8%, in 1QFY25 we are likely to report 
ROE, in the range of about 10.5% to 11% for FY25. And we believe that next year, ROE 
should improve further by another 2% to 2.5%. And from there, once we achieve a scale 
of about INR 250,000 million plus, by then, I think we will be more or less in a steady state 
in terms of our branch expansion also on the incremental investment in the technology and 
data science capability, so we should be able to achieve about 15% ROE in FY27. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Satyam Vadera from Profitmart Securities. 
Satyam Vadera: 
I have a couple of questions. Could you explain the impact on net interest margin during 
the quarter in the gold loan business following the RBI regulations? Additionally, you 
mentioned that the gold loan segment has turned profitable. Could you provide the insights 
on your expansion plans, given that you previously indicated the temporary pause before 
resuming branch operations? And another question is car loan origination continue to be 
down for past couple of quarters. What could be the reason behind the decline? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Net interest income has improved in Q1FY25 as compared to Q4FY24. If we talk about 
our net interest income, it has come to INR 3,013 million. If we talk about the Q4 FY24, it 
was INR 2,552 million. So there is a significant increase, about 18% in this. 
 
And if we compare to the year-on-year basis, it has increased from INR 2,373 million to 
about INR 3,013 million. Interest income has been contributed largely from all the 
segments, but more from the gold loan side. If we talk about gold loan profitability, gold 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
loan has become profitable because we have crossed INR 50 million AUM in all the 
branches. And normally gold loans become breakeven above INR 45 million. So all the 
gold loan branches of 750, have started contributing. 
 
And compared to last year we were incurring the operating losses in the gold loan business 
because AUM was at lower side, and that is the journey that every branch generally achieve 
profitability only after 12 to 15 months depending on when they achieve their AUM of INR 
50 million or so. So gold loan this year will contribute significantly on the profitability side 
compared to the losses last year. 
 
If we talk about the car loan. Car loan, we have shifted the business from the Capri Global 
Capital Limited to the newly formed subsidiary. The preceding quarter, because of the 
January, February, March is always high, and April, May, June is a little soft quarter always 
for all the financial services. That is why our net fee income from Car loan in Q1 FY25, 
was INR246 million, as against INR 271 million in Q4 FY24. 
Satyam Vadera: 
And sir, for branch expansion, any plans further for gold loan segment? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So gold loan segment, we might add about 50 branches in the coming year. So that 
expansion will not be as aggressive as it was earlier because we already reached one 
threshold of 750 branches, so now large expanse will be gradual. So about 50 branches or 
so we will add in the current financial year. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sohail Kanalil from ULJK Financial Services. 
Sohail Kanalil: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I would like to ask; how much of the book is 
floating rate currently?  
Rajesh Sharma: 
Your question is, you are asking the composition of assets on home loan side by floating 
and fixed rate of interest? 
Sohail Kanalil: 
Yes, mostly because on gold loan interest rate would be fixed, right? So besides that, 
whichever segments that we are in, how much of that would be in floating, I mean? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So gold loan, it is a rate of interest we pre-decide based on the scheme taken by the 
customer. Construction finance, it is all 100% floating. And home loan and MSME, we 
offer both the option to the customer. Exact percentage, I think we will be able to tell you 
separately. You can send a mail to IR, and they'll share the exact data. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Sohail Kanalil: 
Got it. Got it. And 1 more question I would like to ask. So we have seen a huge rise in yield 
on advances. Any light you would like to throw on that, sir? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So yield on advances, if you see Q4 FY24 yield on advances was 15.6%, which has gone 
to about 16.3% on a portfolio basis. And this is because contribution from the gold loan 
AUM in the overall portfolio is increasing. Gold loan yields are better than all the other 
products. So that is the reason where the improvement in the overall yield on advances by 
about 70 basis have happened. 
Sohail Kanalil: 
Got it, sir. Got it. I would like to ask 1 last question. How do you see the loan book shaping 
up going ahead? Is there any particular segment you see a bit more exponential growth or 
higher growth than others? Or is there any other book that you would like to cut out or like 
to reduce a portion from your loan book? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I think on the overall loan book, our key growth drivers will remain that retail products 
comprises of home loans, gold loan, MSME. And this year, we added the micro LAP, the 
smaller loan of about less than INR 0.5 million against collateral in rural areas. So these 
are the products which will give the contribution towards the growth. And there has been 
no single product, which will contribute disproportionately higher than others. 
 
So I think, our MSME is about 28%, 30% is gold loan and then 23% is housing. So they 
will remain by and large in this proportion. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jai Daxini from IIFL Securities. 
Jai Daxini: 
Yes, I want to ask 2 questions. First would be, what will be your cost of borrowing or 
market borrowings that you borrowed in this quarter? And the difference of debt versus 
your borrowings from banks? And what will be your borrowings mix post 1, 2 years? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, the recent capital market borrowing are in the range of about 9%. And overall cost of 
borrowing is in the range of about 9.3% - 9.6%. And borrowing mix, I think still, the 
majority of borrowing will continue to happen from the mix of bank and some borrowing 
we will do as refinancing from the larger institutions. So NHB Refinance, SIDBI, 
NABARD and all these kind of refinance institutions. 
Jai Daxini: 
Okay. And what is the breakup of bank borrowings for MCLR linked and EBLR linked? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, all the bank borrowings are MCLR linked 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Jai Daxini: 
Got it. And there is a significant decline in disbursement in MSME and HL loans. So, what 
were the factors causing decline in disbursement growth? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Since we have gone live with new technology platform for origination called, loan 
origination system. And because of that, it took some time to stabilize. The first quarter 
also saw training our on-ground team to get familiarized with the system. So I think that 
system, by and large, is stabilized now in the month of July. So this month, this quarter 
onwards, we will see the growth coming back. And by the October onwards, we'll see full-
fledged benefit of the new technology also start coming in. 
 
And so we will see the change happening because of technology, which was getting 
adopted on the ground, first quarter was a little softer. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aryan Oswal from Finterest Capital. 
Aryan Oswal: 
So my first question is regarding the cost of funds. Do you expect it to increase even further 
in the coming quarter? And when do you see the trend reversing? And also what are we 
doing so that our cost of funds doesn't cross a certain limit? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I think cost of funds in this year should remain by and large in this range. But I believe 
that cost of funds should not increase. If at all it increases, it will not be more than 10 to 20 
basis points, which we should be able to pass on to all the new disbursals, which are 
happening now. So it should not have an impact on our expense. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Okay. And sir, a lot of bigger names from the NBFC space have turned their focus on 
granular retail loans. So can you shed some light on the increasing competition in this 
space? And how are we different from the competition? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I think this space is quite competitive, not from now, even last 2, 3 years. The only way 
is that, we keep focusing on giving a better turnaround time to our customer. And the only 
way to help this is technology. Our decision-making should happen based on the data 
science capabilities on various things. So I think automated processes and data science-
driven decision-making, these are the 2 aspects which we are confident that we'll have an 
edge over most of the competition and be able to have a faster processing, better 
decisioning and better outcome in terms of asset quality and all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Yes. We have crossed the breakeven mark in our gold loan business. Are you trying to 
expand in the Southern and Eastern parts of the country? Or are we planning to deepen our 
presence in the existing markets? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. In gold loan, our expansion will continue to be in the North and West. We do not 
intend to go in South because we believe that South is already hugely penetrated and 
already the competition is in much larger areas. North and West still have a lot of scope. 
And besides that, our entire current network of branches of home loan and MSME are in 
the Northern belt. So even from the cost, branding and credit perspective, that is going to 
be helpful to us. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Are we facing a lot of competition from the PSUs also? Because in between, the 
government has mandated the PSUs to go aggressive on gold loan? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Competition in retail segment is always there. I still believe that we have to focus on our 
service delivery and our origination and our customized product. Competition will remain 
but within that competition, we have to focus on our offerings and continue to grow. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. What is the impact of import duty on gold? With the cut on import duty, the prices 
have declined. What is the impact on our gold loan business due to this? And do you expect 
the prices to decline further or start increasing as we enter the festive season? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So gold loan reduction on the import duty have resulted in the gold loan prices going softer. 
And so on the existing portfolio, our LTV has gone up, so we have to see that our LTV 
come within the acceptable range. And for that, we will reach out to our customers and 
inform them about this so that they can provide additional margin. 
 
But having said that, how the gold loan prices will behave, we are not focusing on that. 
This is an impact because of the custom duty reduction. And that is in control because it is 
not more than 5%. But going forward, the gold prices will behave based on various other 
factors, which we are not able to comment on. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
So how much more margin requirement is required with every 1% decrease in gold prices? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If the gold prices decrease by 1%, and our LTV is 75%, our LTV will increase by approx. 
1%. And to that extent, either the LTV should remain within the acceptable range, and we 
have to collect from the customer. And given these are the customers in the range of 
average ticket size of about INR 90,000, so time to recovery is low. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. Just a last question from my side now. With the new fundraising, which we have 
done, what would be the impact on our book value? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
It's pre-mature to say because it depends on what quantum and what shape and when we 
would raise. And it is just enabling provision, we are yet to take shareholder approval and 
also discuss various options. And then we decide which option, which instrument and when 
will we be finally doing. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. So just a follow-up on that. So in case if you're going for preferential warrants or 
maybe preferential equity. We, as retail investors, can also participate? And whom do we 
have to contact if that is the case? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
As I said, we have not yet decided what instrument and what time we raise funds. So, when 
it happens, that will be, in any case, will be disclosed to the stock exchanges in time-to-
time through various announcement. But at this moment, we are not yet clear, and no 
further progress has been done till date. We will decide after the shareholder's approval. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
I'm sure. But if there is a participation from proprietary houses like us, then what is the 
point of contact of the company? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Whenever we crystallize this, everybody will be informed via stock exchange 
announcement and various other ways. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay, sir. I'll contact you regarding this again. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajit Kaushal from Royal Global University. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Yes. I am late joining to this particular conference. Can you let me know, my question is 
regarding the asset impairments and maximum impairments you are looking... 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, this actually, includes 2 parts: one is the ECL, which is a provisioning expected credit 
loss and the other one is write-off. So there is around INR 280 million of write-off and rest 
is the provisions mainly. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Okay. Yes. Another part of my question is again, related to the asset impairment. So most 
of the write-off on non-performing assets, it is coming from MSME or gold loan or 
housing? From which sector... 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So it is more from the Construction Finance. It's a technical write-off. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
What is the meaning of technical write-off? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Technical write-off means recovery will continue. It's not like that it's a completely write-
off. So technically, we have taken the impact for now but our efforts to recover will  
continue. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Okay. Okay. So may I ask what you are expecting, to what percent you will be able to 
recover, if you can have any kind of estimate regarding that? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Almost 80%, 90% we'll be able to recover. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Okay. Out of this INR 280 million? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Yes. What about the rest of the INR 180 million? I think, if I'm right, I saw it is INR 464 
million around the assets impairment. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, that is provisions on the assets. 
Ajit Kaushal: 
But the rest of the INR 180 million is provisions? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
More or less, yes. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, rest of the INR 180 million is provisions. As a part of normal course of business, when 
the loan book grows, AUM grows, as an NBFC business, they will have to continue to 
make provisions also against that. So that's a normal course of the business. So that INR 
180 million is a ECL provision and INR 280 million is one time technical write-off. 
 
And it's a technical write-off. So technically, what happens is we write it off and then we 
initiate the recovery process. And based on our experience from the past, we should be able 
to recover 80% to 90%. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Ajit Kaushal: 
Yes. So last year also I saw that it was showing around INR 240 million of write-off in the 
1QFY24. Again, you have written off in the 1QFY25. So whether it is being done 
strategically as far as provisioning of this technical assets impairment is concerned? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So in that INR 130 million was the write-off and the rest was the provision in ordinary 
course of business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Marazbaan Dastur from Emkay Global. 
Marazbaan Dastur: 
Yes. Sir, I just have a couple of questions. So could you help us understand this new micro 
LAP segment. Like is it a part of the existing MSME business vertical? Or is it different in 
some way? Aside from the ticket size range given that the MSME segment also has a ticket 
size of around 1 million to 1.5 million? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So it is a completely different segment, different team, different branches. So it is a 
different vertical. MSME, currently, we have average ticket size of INR 1.9 million. 
However, micro LAP will have average ticket size of INR 0.5 million, all the loans will be 
below INR 0.8 million. And these are the loans at the yield in the range of about 22% as 
against the MSME yield in the range of 15.5%. 
 
So this is to serve our customer segment in the rural areas and branches are also getting 
opened accordingly. We intend to open about 70 branches in next 3 quarters. And already 
27 branches have gone live, and we will start seeing some portfolio, but initial few months 
are the phase where we will build up these branches. Actually, we will see full benefit from 
these branches will start coming in next year. 
Marazbaan Dastur: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly, on your guidance of INR 300,000 million AUM over the next 
3 years, could you help us understand better your plans in terms of scaling the business and 
what verticals would you see higher growth? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So Higher growth will, of course come from MSME, gold loan and housing and 
construction finance because micro LAP is a shorter tenure loan for a lower amount. And 
last year, we closed at INR156,530 million and in this quarter we have already reached 
INR 174,579 million. So we would be able to achieve INR 200,000 – INR 210,000 million 
in FY25, I think we are well within our target to reach INR 300,000 million by FY27. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q1 FY25 Concall Transcript | Aug 6, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Hardik Doshi: 
Thank you, everyone, for your time today in attending the 1QFY25 Capri Global Financial 
results. We look forward to continuing to engage with each one of you and speak again  
during Q2FY25 results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
