                     
 
                                                 
 
MFSL/SEC/EQ/2024/74  
 
 
 
 
 
 
     July 31, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To, 
General Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 540749 
Trading Symbol: MASFIN 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) 
for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024. 
 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of conference call held on July 25, 2024 with respect to Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended on June 30, 2024, is available 
on the Company’s website at the link: https://mas.co.in/Conference-Call-Transcripts.aspx.  
 
We are also attaching the transcript with this intimation for reference. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR, MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
RIDDHI BHAYANI 
COMPANY SECRETARY & CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEM NO: A41206 
 
Encl.: as above 
RIDDHI 
BHAVESHBHAI 
BHAYANI
Digitally signed by RIDDHI 
BHAVESHBHAI BHAYANI 
Date: 2024.07.31 13:12:35 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“MAS Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 25, 2024 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on July 25, 2024, will prevail 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMLESH GANDHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR – MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MS. DARSHANA PANDYA – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DHVANIL GANDHI – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
– MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – MAS  
 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHREEPAL DOSHI – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mas Financial Services Limited Q1 FY '25 
Results Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon, everyone. I, Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities, 
welcome you all to the Earnings Conference Call of Mas Financial Services to discuss the Q1 
performance of the company, discuss industry trends, and outlook going ahead. 
We have the senior management team of Mas Financial Services with us, represented by Mr. 
Kamlesh Gandhi, Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Darshana Pandya, Director and CEO; 
Mr. Dhvanil Gandhi, Executive Vice President; and Mr. Ankit Jain, the Chief Financial Officer. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi for his opening comments, post 
which we can open the floor for question and answer. Over to you, sir. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Thank you so much, Shreepal, and good afternoon to everyone. I'm very happy to connect once 
again for the first quarter review. The quarter is consistent to our stated objective have registered 
around 25% growth in AUM and PAT on a consolidated basis while maintaining very strong 
fundamentals on all aspects, namely asset quality, capital adequacy, and liquidity. 
Just to give you a very brief on our working, we are strengthening our distribution network, both 
direct and indirect, to create an efficient and scalable distribution model which also covers all 
geographies, giving us well-diversified geographies across our diversified products. So our 
endeavour is on diversified distribution and diversified products, and we are working in that 
direction. We also have a special focus on people and processes by adopting enabling technology 
and constantly upgrading the same too. 
While the detailed numbers will be taken up by my colleague Darshana Pandya, but before that, 
I'm just giving you an update on our housing finance company, which also grew at a very strong 
growth of 38% year on year, and we anticipate it to register a growth of around 35% in 
foreseeable future. This company also grows with very strong fundamentals on all aspects.  
I am very thankful to all the investors who have shown tremendous faith in us by subscribing to 
our QIP of INR500 crores, which was subscribed, as many of you know, multiple times. 
And while the details of the numbers are already with you and will be shared by my colleagues, 
let me throw some light on going forward. So going forward, we remain committed, as I said 
earlier, to our stated objectives to double our AUM every three to four years and being 
fundamentally very strong. That is what we have demonstrated over all this journey of close to 
28 years across cycles. 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
In a lending business, how many cycles you go through plays a very important role in judging 
the performance of the company. And I'm happy to share that across cycles, we have stood the 
litmus test of all the challenges and have produced the results which are in front of you. So I 
think that this INR11,000 crores of AUM on a consolidated basis, with a very strong 
fundamentals on capital adequacy, our niche expertise in serving the segment of vast market 
size, and our aptitude and attitude to learn, relearn, and unlearn will, I think, definitely help us 
with a very strong team of close to 4,000 to meet our stated objective of doubling our AUM 
every three to four years. 
So going forward, we see a very bright future ahead of us, a lot of opportunities, and we are sure 
that we'll be in a position to give our best. So with that, I will be handing over to Darshana 
Pandya to take over, to give you a very brief on the numbers for the performance for the quarter 
that is June '24. 
Darshana Pandya: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to connect with all of you once again. As 
shared by Kamlesh sir, we have crossed one more milestone this quarter, that is INR11,000 
crores AUM on a consolidated basis. So on a consolidated basis, the exact number is INR 
11,006.72 crores of AUM, and profit after tax is INR72.56 crores as on June '24, as compared 
to INR8,867.94 crores AUM and INR57.56 crores of PAT in June’23, which is 24.12% growth 
in AUM and 26.06% growth in PAT on a consolidated basis. 
Coming to the standalone numbers, our AUM grew by 23.35% from INR8,418 crores to 
INR10,383 crores. And if we look at the segment-wise growth, microenterprise loans grew by 
12.49% from INR4,021 crores to INR4,523 crores. SME loans grew by 23.06% that is INR3,074 
crores to INR3,784 crores. Two-wheeler loan growth is 17.13% from INR571 crores to INR669 
crores. Commercial vehicle loan grew by 82.28% that is from INR448 crores to INR817 crores. 
And SPL loan, Salaried Personal Loan grew by 95% from INR303 crores to INR590 crores.  
So major growth is contributed by MSME segment, that is 62%. And next is around 24% from 
wheels portfolio and 14% from SPL's loan book. If we look at the profitability numbers, total 
income grew by 23.71% on a year-on-year basis from INR280 crores to INR347 crores. Profit 
before tax grew by 24.53% from INR75.80 crores to INR94.39 crores. Profit after tax grew by 
23.02%, INR57.25 crores to INR70.43 crores. 
If we look at the quality of the portfolio, it is very strong. Portfolio quality remained stable and 
strong at 2.29% Gross Stage 3 asset and Net Stage 3 asset is 1.52% as compared to 2.25% Gross 
Stage 3 and 1.51% Net Stage 3 as on March '24. We still carry a management overlay of 
INR17.60 crores as on June 24, which is 0.22% of our on-book assets.  
Looking to the housing performance, here also. we registered a very strong growth. AUM grew 
by 38.44% from INR450 crores to INR623 crores. Total income, there is a growth of 36.91% 
from INR13.61 crores to INR18.63 crores. PBT grew by 38.46% from INR2.02 crores to 
INR2.80 crores. Profit after tax grew by 36.41% from INR1.59 crores to INR2.17 crores. 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
If you look at the quality of the portfolio, the gross stage 3 asset is 0.90% and net stage 3 asset 
is 0.65% as compared to 0.90% gross stage 3 and 0.66% net stage 3 as on March 24. Here also, 
we carry a management overlay of INR3 crores, which is 0.63% of our on-book assets. So, this 
was all about our performance for both the companies. 
Now, I will request Ankit to take us through the liability management. 
Ankit Jain: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon to all. To elaborate on the capital and liability management, 
company through its efficient liability management was able to maintain an average cash and 
cash equivalent of around INR800 crores excluding the QIP proceeds of INR500 crores and 
unutilized cash credit facilities of around INR600 crores. 
In addition, the company as on 30th June 2024 has sanctions on hand to a tune of INR2200 crores 
in the form of term loan, direct assignment and co-lending.  
In the last quarter, the company did around INR600 crores direct assignment and co-lending 
transactions. Co-lending transactions were under CLM 2. The company further has around 
INR1500 crores sanctions on hand, which we plan to utilize during the year. 
We aim to maintain around 25% of the AUM as off-book through direct assignment and co-
lending.  
The company has available cash credit facilities of around INR1700 crores, out of which average 
utilization was 70% to 75% and rest portion was kept as liquidity buffer. We raised around 
INR490 crores term loan during the quarter, having an average maturity of 3 to 5 years. We 
further have around INR725 crores term loan sanctions on hand. 
In terms of capital market transaction, we raised INR150 crores NCD during the quarter.  
We are strongly placed with respect to structural liquidity for the period as of 30th June 2024 
whereby liquidity is adequate and the cash flow in all the cumulative buckets remain positive. 
As you all know, during the quarter, the company raised INR500 crores equity through QIP. 
This QIP marked the first equity raised by company since its IPO in 2017. The capital adequacy 
remains strong at 28.59% for the quarter, with Tier-1 capital of 25.39% and debt equity of 3.08 
times. 
The cost of borrowing for the quarter was 9.80%. The cost of borrowing for June quarter last 
year was 9.65%. If you compare with March number, it has remained stable. We expect the cost 
of borrowing to remain stable going forward too. This is all on capital and liability management 
and now we are open for Q&A round. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the detailed presentation. I just have one question around 
the distribution channel, which is retail asset channel and direct retail. I just wanted you to 
describe this. Is this something different from our on-lending that we do towards the NBFC? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Yes, that is indirect retail channel. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
This is totally through our own channel. Retail asset channel is through our own employees and 
direct retail distribution, can you just provide some explanation for that? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
If I give the breakup of direct and indirect in terms of working, direct retail distribution is a 
distribution where our direct branches and our channels and our people are involved directly on 
a loan-to-loan basis, whereas in indirect retail distribution, we use NBFCs based on a loan-to-
loan basis, whereby we have adequate control on all the retail assets created by our channel as I 
have shared a number of times the way we have the control. This is a 15-year model now. We 
started in 2010-11, so close to 14-15 years old model, whereby the partner NBFCs are funded in 
order to create the assets, the same assets which we do directly. So that is our indirect. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
I understand that, but I have been tracking MAS Financial for some time, so I am a little confused 
as to this retail asset channel, does it mean NBFCs or does it mean … 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
That is NBFCs. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
So, 34% are on lending to other NBFCs essentially. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
That’s correct, yes. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
And when we say that we are going to double our AUM in the next three to four years, what 
proportion would come from our distribution versus NBFCs? So what do we see the three to 
four years from now, what this proportion would become? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
We value both the distributions given their track record over all these years, but having said that, 
our direct distribution will increase at a faster pace. So, when we double our AUM, what looks 
like 65% through our direct distribution should be around 70-75% through our direct 
distribution, and 25-30% through our indirect distribution. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood, sir. And this retail asset channel also includes our FinTech partners for personal 
loans? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yeah, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you. Congratulations on a good quarter. Just wanted to 
understand, in terms of loan growth or AUM growth, we typically guide for 20-25%. But when 
I look at this quarter, right, I mean, in this quarter, we have grown by about 2.5% Q-o-Q in the 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
standalone. So I mean, looking at the last few quarters, this growth looks a muted. So if you can 
just explain what are those factors that led to a little bit of a muted growth in this quarter? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
First of all, we don't plan our activities too much on quarter to quarter basis, it is on an annual 
basis. So we still continue to maintain our growth trajectory of 20%-25%. Looking to this 
quarter, the usually Q1 is weaker as compared to the other quarters in our retail finance industry. 
 
So one of the factors that contributes for the lesser growth on a quarter to quarter if you measure 
is the normal tendency of the market to grow slow in Q1. Accompanied by certain events like 
elections and a tremendous heat wave also contributed to a certain extent, where ideally, if you 
ask me, we would have liked to grow it around quarter to quarter at around 3.5%-4% in first 
quarter. Instead of that, we have grown it around 2.5%-3%. But we are good with that. And we 
don't see too much on quarter to quarter basis and quite on trajectory to have over 20%-25% 
growth on the yearly basis. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
The second question was around the cost of borrowings and margins. I mean, especially after 
the credit rating upgrade, I'm guessing we've been able to negotiate better with banks in terms 
of the spreads that they used to charge over MCLR, which is also reflecting in our cost of 
borrowing remaining stable to a minor decline in the cost of borrowings. I mean, how should we 
look at margins going ahead, especially given the fact that the retail direct distribution is ramping 
up well, which will essentially mean better yields? So how should we now look at cost of 
borrowings and margins over there? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So to answer from the rating perspective, I think the rating has been upgraded and it will take its 
time for getting the rates recalibrated whenever the MCLR are reset. And secondly, given the 
overall scenario, we don't see that coming down very soon. So we'll be maintaining the 
trajectory, what it is currently now. 
 
Secondly, on the spread, I think we currently maintain close to 7% of NIMs. And after that, we 
maintain anywhere between 2.8% to 3% of ROAs. So, when we increase our retail distribution, 
whenever in terms of distribution, I have always maintained that whether it is indirect retail or 
direct retail, the right way of looking at it at the ROA tree is what is the ROA we are going to 
save at the end of the day? 
 
And it will be anywhere between 2.75% to 3.25%. Because if our yields increase, the expenditure 
will also increase in terms of operations and the credit cost, which right now is upfronted to our 
NBFC partners. So going forward, we see this ROAs and NIMs not to be affected much by our 
shift in the distribution. And we see ROA in the range of 2.75% to 3.25%. But we see some 
expansion in NIMs because of the advantage of the rating upgrade over a period because of the 
lower cost of funds, which will be able to raise hopefully within the next few quarters. We should 
maintain our ROA in the range of 2.75% to 3.25%. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
One last question that I had was, we have also given out in the press release as well as in our 
opening remarks that majority of our growth was contributed by the MSME segment in the last 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
12 months, 62% to be precise. And given the government's focus on this MSME segment in the 
budget as well, I mean, have you had a chance to kind of look at, I mean, how many of our 
customers are really MSMEs with Udyam certificates, and who will then become eligible for a 
lot of these thrust which is there on MSMEs from the government? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Practically each and every borrower that we serve in MSME is Udyam registered. Because 
whom do we serve? We serve small businesses, small enterprises into various type of businesses. 
We serve close to 300 different type of businesses across the geographies we operate. So when 
we talk about MSME, practically everybody, including our commercial vehicle business, even 
commercial vehicle business is considered as MSME. So they are Udyam registered and they 
will be eligible for the benefits which the government contemplates to give. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
This is all from my side. Congratulations again and wish you the very best. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, on your DPD profile, we can see some spike, you know, both on a Y-
o-Y basis. I mean, Q-o-Q is understandable. Generally, there is some heightened, you know, 
numbers in the June quarter. But even on a Y-o-Y basis, we see some spikes. So is it more to do 
with elections or, you know, this has been seen in many other, your peers as well. So is there a 
sort of a credit deterioration that you are seeing amongst your customers to an extent? Or is it 
more to do with elections and heat waves this year compared to the previous year? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Yes. So if you see our current portfolio is somewhat around 0.6% less than what you would have 
anticipated. It has nothing to reflect on the deterioration on credit quality. It is just because of 
some limitations on efforts on collections because of elections and heat wave, which will be well 
recouped now, or it has already started recouping now. So we had a marginal drop in our current 
portfolio by 0.6%, which we would have liked to have than what we would have liked to have. 
That was more to do on our efforts on collections rather than the deterioration on credit quality. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So now in the months of June and July, are you seeing sort of a normalization on these fronts 
from a Y-o-Y perspective? Or is this still elevated? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
It will take one or two quarters before it really normalizes. And secondly, as we increase our 
retail portfolio directly, I think there will be some recalibration on the DPDs within the DPDs 
less than 90 DPDs. So as we increase our retail distribution directly, the borrowers whom we 
serve, we need to bear with them below 90 DPDs. 
 
Currently there was a lot of demand from the MSME segment, especially to reclassify their 
definition of NPA from 90 to 180, as such as an industry body of NBFC, we have been 
advocating this since long. But having said that, within that 90 DPD bucket, there can be some 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
recalibration, maybe of 0.5% or 0.6% here or there, but nothing to reflect on the credit quality 
or any stress on the assets. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. And if I look at your growth profile, I think a lot of this growth has been driven, of 
course, MSME, SME is the mainstay, so of course growth has been there. But I think a major 
contribution has come from your salaried loans as well as affordable housing. 
So my question is that, because we also would want to cap these, especially the salaried personal 
loans at 10% or so. So now, in future, do you see newer engines being developed by the company 
which can sort of take the growth path ahead of that 20%-25%, because once these are capped, 
let's say, they are growing very fast and they might reach sort of a ceiling in five or six quarters? 
So then how do you grow at the same pace? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
We have our internal plans drawn for the next around three years, that is almost 12 quarters, as 
to how we should reach to the next benchmark from INR10,000 crores to INR20,000 crores 
within the next three to four years. And within that, the key contributor will be the SME, the 
affordable housing, the wheels, and to an extent, salaried personal loan within a cap of less than 
10%. So, there is an internal plan drawn very meticulously to say to that that we register the 
growth or we get the growth as targeted. So, SME, affordable housing, and the wheels, along 
with obviously the MEL portfolio and to an extent PL, in that priority, will be driving the growth 
forward. And we are very confident of getting that in that order. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay, understood. Sir, finally, just one suggestion on the presentation. I think we see too many 
of second decimals everywhere. I don't think it is required to have such an exact figure. I think 
it would be better if you can consider maybe less exact numbers which can portray the same 
message. Just a suggestion. Thank you, sir. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
We'll work accordingly on that. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar Kamtekar from Ascendency Academia. Please go 
ahead. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And the first question what I wanted to ask was on the overall 
yield, can you suggest what is the overall yield of the portfolio? 
Ankit Jain: 
Overall?  
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Overall AUM yield? 
Darshana Pandya: 
So overall yield on the AUM is around 17%. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
17%, okay. And in view of the credit rating upgrade that we have received, where do you see 
the cost of borrowing settling maybe over the next three to four quarters? 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
Difficult to give an exact number, but there should be compression in the borrowing… 
Ankit Jain: 
See, we have to look in two perspectives. So though we expect that this cost of borrowing to 
come down from 25 basis to 30 basis point, but the other way we have to see also that banks 
MCLR are also increasing. So, keeping in mind, therefore, we are into a trajectory where we see 
that it should be stable. But our hard try is to bring it down by at least 20, 25 basis point. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Okay. And do we plan to take any rate hikes in the loans given or have we taken any in the recent 
quarters? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
That recalibration happens continuously in line with our stated objective of NIMs and ROAs 
and our operational cost. So every region and every product has differential pricing with a view 
that it meets the stated objective of our NIMs of close to 7% and then the ROAs accordingly. So 
that is a very continuous exercise and endeavour at the company's end. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Understood. And with respect to the geographical expansion of the organization, we have a very 
good stronghold in the Central and Western parts of the country with Gujarat, Maharashtra, 
Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan being the stronghold four states. Where do we see the expansion 
carried out with much more rigor so that our footprint grows? Which geographies are we 
specifically targeting or is there just a blanket method? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: 
So as you can see from the recent expansion in last four to six quarters, we are trying to develop 
South and North as well. So as you rightly mentioned, Western region, we are covering -- we 
more or less have a carpet presence, but we are trying to set up our base for next three to four 
years of growth from South and North as well. So Southern states will start contributing 
meaningfully. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Any specific state that you are targeting or is it just a blanket? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: 
The three bigger states, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and AP Telangana. These are the three states 
where we have started setting up our foothold and footprint and these are the three Southern 
states that we will be focusing right now. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Okay. Finally, a few statistics. What is the general turnaround time that we have for processing 
of application from logging to the dispersal? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: 
So every product will have a different turnaround time. The more smaller loans, like two 
wheeler, PL and all have a turnaround time of approximately one day. So there can be same day 
approval disbursement or one to two days. The slightly bigger ticket size SME, MEL loans will 
take anywhere between three to five days and housing will be around five to seven days. So that 
is how the TAT is. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
And what is the runoff? So the total repayments that we receive on a quarterly or annualized 
basis, the total portfolio runoff, any idea? 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Ankit Jain: 
So it depends on type of product which we build up every quarter. But generally, it lies between 
INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores runoff every…?  
Darshana Pandya: 
Quarter.  
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Sorry, I did not get that. 
Ankit Jain: 
Every quarter run down is between INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Understood. Thank you. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, sir, two questions. The first one is given the fact that we spoke about our geographic 
expansion and our focus on South. When you look at the credit growth to GDP of the Southern 
states, they are more than the country's average, which means that organized credit is more 
superfluous versus the rest of the country. Also, these states are way more urbanized. So, any 
specific strategy we have and how are we changing our hiring in order to enroll into these 
southern states? That's the first. 
 
Second is on the budget announcements around SME. Now, I just wanted your honest thought 
on all these measures that have been announced. Does this create a negative credit culture 
because the government also wants to get into the SMA zero category and wants the lenders to 
go and lend to them as well? At least that's the intent. There are various other measures like 
announcements like giving up without a collateral. So, just wanted to understand your comfort 
around that and your honest opinion. And the first question. Thanks. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, in terms of the penetration, as far as southern states are concerned, I think while at a macro 
level it looks like they are saturated. But when you really work at the ground level there are a 
lot of opportunities on replacing certain finances. If you see southern states still have the largest 
number of private finances across the product. 
 
So, there is a lot of opportunity replacing so many such finances and the new demand generated 
from time to time. So, our practical experience from these states are such that we are in a position 
to grow the portfolio with quality. As you know that we are the ones, we are the company who 
will focus not only on the top line but also with the quality of the assets. So, at the ground level 
the reality is that we are getting sufficient opportunities to the extent we want to develop the 
southern states and which will be very miniscule in terms of the total market size there. 
 
My response to your second question on the various budget proposals around MSME, I think 
we have been funding this sector right from that Loan Mela days by nationalized banks to the 
current days, whereby it is very company specific or the lender specific on how you have your 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
credit screen designs and how you lend to them. The quality of the portfolio irrespective of all 
the developments, budgeted developments or non-budgeted developments will have a very 
limited impact if you as a lender are quite circumspect on where you want to lend and how you 
should lend. 
 
Because at the end of the day, if your assessment is good enough to ensure that the repayments 
are done timely and the one common denominator for a good assessment is a calibrated growth, 
what gives you an opportunity to do the to extend credit where it is due are the growth targets. 
If you keep your growth constant, your assessment becomes variable. If you keep assessment 
constant the growth can be variable. 
 
So, that's why we always believe in growing at 20% to 25% and that is where I think it's company 
specific and should not have a much problem if you continue with that. Because these are very 
dynamic things as far as the culture is concerned, a lot of things comes in day in day out during 
the election, post-election, pre-election, also during some of the government schemes, which 
many of the borrowers may misuse. But as a lender, if you follow what I shared with you, you 
can ward off those at such a rate. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sir, one question remains unanswered. How are we changing our hiring strategy especially with 
respect to getting more inroads in southern states? Any changes, any fresh guys are we hiring or 
are we hiring guys who have been in and around southern states and various other NBFCs or 
banks? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, nothing changed in the strategy. See, right from the beginning, we would like to have the 
combination of freshers and experienced and take the experienced guys at the senior level have 
a hybrid of experienced and freshers at the junior level. That is what balances your cost. And 
obviously, when we talk about experience the relevant experience comes from the ones who are 
into NBFCs or banks. So, that area is increasing very fast, whereby you can get the required 
talents. But at the same time the numbers look like a lot of talent is available. But at the end of 
the day, you have to work very hard to get the right talent at place. But in terms of strategy, 
strategy remains the same hybrid of experienced and freshers coming from the sector. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood, sir. This is very helpful. Best of luck for the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity. So, my question was on commercial vehicle 
segment. So, that particular segment has seen a very sharp growth for us during the quarter. So, 
could you please throw some light as to what really aided this growth in terms of was it all used 
or there was some component of new vehicles as well? And how are you seeing the industry at 
large within this segment? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
If you see in commercial vehicle, we are predominantly into used commercial vehicles. And just 
to share with you, we have been in this business since long. We have renewed our focus of lead 

 
 
MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
because given the better opportunities on getting risk adjusted returns. So, our renewed focus is 
helping us. We are introducing the product so many areas of operations. 
 
We are doing the hiring aggressively. And we have already shared that we want wheels to be 
around 25% of our portfolio going forward. And if you take some of the CRISIL surveys, we 
see next 5 years wheels growing at this large market of vehicles anywhere around 19% to 20%. 
So, we see a lot of opportunity within the next 3 years, 5 years to expand our wheels portfolio 
comprising of used commercial vehicle, used cars and 2-wheelers. So, this is a result of our 
renewed focus on this segment, even the change in the risk adjusted return scenario. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
And so, what is the kind of pricing that we are able to enjoy in this segment? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
The pricing is dependent on the models and the geographies we serve. If we give the range, it 
can start from 16%, 17% to around 20%, 21% depending upon the models and the geographies 
and the tenure that are given. But on an average, we are in a position to get around 19% to 20%. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Sir, just one question for salaried personnel and 2-wheeler segment. So, typically, what would 
be the customer CIBIL score in the salaried personnel segment that we do? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
It will be more than 700. That is one of the criteria what we have kept. And even in our 
assessment standards, we have seen that the ones scoring less than 700 are not rendered eligible 
as per our credit assessment. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
So, just one last question was on disbursement front. So, we do not provide anything the 
standalone disbursement number. So, if you can highlight that in the call or could start providing 
from the next quarter, we will be very helpful, sir. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: 
So, we will do it. So, we will be giving the disbursement numbers. So, we are more focusing on 
AUM because while disbursement is important, but at the end of the day, AUM matters a lot 
because the company makes an interest on the outstanding amount. So, we will get the numbers, 
and will start sharing the disbursement numbers also product-wise. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you so much, sir. That is my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Shreepal Doshi for closing comments. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you, Sejal, once again, and thank you to all participants for being part of the call. Special 
thanks to the Management of Mass Financial for giving us the opportunity to host the call. Thank 
you all and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
