 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  August 14, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Name of Scrip: LEMONTREE 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Ref: Outcome of Conference Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and in continuation to the disclosure made on August 8, 2024 w.r.t the audio recording of the conference 
call on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 held on Thursday, August 8, 2024 
at 4:00 PM IST, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call with Investors/Analysts. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
For Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Verma  
Group Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
M. No.: F7210  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
JYOTI 
VERMA
Digitally signed 
by JYOTI VERMA 
Date: 2024.08.14 
23:07:20 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 08, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Earnings Conference Call.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Lemon Tree 
Hotels Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today, Mr. Patanjali 
Keswani, Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Kapil Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer of the company. We'll begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we'll open the forum for an interactive question-and-
answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation that was shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now request Mr. Keswani to make his opening remarks. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. I'll be covering 
the business highlights and financial performance for Q1 FY25, post which, we'll 
open the forum for your questions and suggestions. Due to high seasonality of the 
hotel industry, I would request everybody to consider YoY performance rather than 
QoQ. 
 
In Q1, despite the headwinds faced by the hotel sector due to the election process 
and the extreme heat wave, Lemon Tree recorded its highest ever revenue at Rs. 
268.4 crore, revenue grew over 19% compared to Q1 FY24, while the EBITDA grew 
8% YoY, translating into a net EBITDA margin of 43%, which decreased 4.56% in 
percentage points over Q1 FY24. Of this fall in EBITDA margin YoY of ~4.6%, about 

 
Page 2 of 21 
 
50% was due to one-off increase in investments in renovation and digital 
transformation. Q1 FY25 also recorded a gross ARR of Rs. 5,686, which increased 
9% YoY. The occupancy for the quarter stood at 66.6%, which decreased 360 bps 
YoY. This translated into a RevPAR of Rs. 3,788, which increased 4% YoY. 
 
As I have stated in earlier calls, the decrease in EBITDA margin YoY was owing to 
planned increases in investments in renovation above that spend in Q1 FY24 as well 
as investments in digital capabilities, expansion of our business development and 
sales teams and an overall annual payroll increase. The Keys portfolio EBITDA 
margin decreased by ~10 percentage points YoY due to an increase in renovation 
expenses of Rs. ~1.8 crore over Q1 FY24 which was actually a 100% increase. 
During the quarter, ~25% of the total Keys portfolio was shut for renovation, which 
impacted the ability of the Keys portfolio to increase occupancy which decreased 
148 bps YoY. With demand growth expected to exceed supply growth in the next 2 
years, accompanied by structural tailwinds that India is currently witnessing, this 
significant investment in renovation will allow us to better position our hotels going 
forward to capture superior pricing and position Lemon Tree as the brand of choice 
in the mid-market segment. 
 
Fees from managed and franchise contracts from third-party hotels stood at Rs. 12.5 
crore, up 21% from Rs. 10.5 crore in the previous year same quarter. Total 
management fees for Lemon Tree were up 22% at Rs. 29.1 crore compared to 22% 
less in Q1 FY24.  
During the quarter, we signed 3 new management and franchise contracts, which 
added 187 rooms to our pipeline and operationalized 4 hotels, which added 331 
rooms. As of 30th June 2024, the inventory for the group stands at 107 operational 
hotels with 10,125 rooms, and our pipeline comprises an additional 4,000 rooms. 
 
Going forward, we are confident of the company's ability to sustain this growth in the 
coming quarters by focusing on the following growth levers, the continuing 
stabilization of Aurika MIAL, which is already EBITDA accretive; accelerated growth 
in our management and franchise contract with a proportionate increase in fee 
income timely completion of renovation activities in the owned portfolio to further 
improve ARRs and occupancy. 
 
Please note that the increased investment and allocation in renovation expenses will 
continue into FY26 until the full portfolio of owned hotels will be fully renovated. Post 
this renovation expenses will drop to 1.5% to 1.6% of revenue. Continued efforts 
under our digital transformation exercise with BCG which involves strengthening our 
sales processes, revenue management and loyalty program. 

 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
With this, I have come to the end of my prepared remarks. But before I ask the 
moderator to open this forum for any questions, I was briefed by our investor advisers 
about some questions which they have observed. I thought I would give a kind of 
extempore explanation of what is going on. See, any business, I think the 
management has to take a view and preferably a view with conviction. When I talk 
about a structural uptick, a change, I did reflect back on China and Indonesia in the 
2006 and 2007 period, when their GDP per household was roughly the same as 
India's today. And what happened in the next 6 years then was a massive increase 
in SUV car sales, a massive increase in four lane highways, a massive increase in 
runway in airports, a massive increase in airline seats, and this led to a 22% to 25% 
CAGR growth in mid-market hotel room demand over the next 6 years. 
 
We felt we would prefer to bite the bullet, and I'll explain what I mean by this, and 
take some short-term pain for what we anticipate will be long-term gain if we get 
future ready today. Now when I look at Lemon Tree, 1 year before COVID, we had 
less than 4,000 operating owned rooms, and these old hotels had potentially high 
value and were actually not renovated subsequent to that 2018-2019 period till last 
year, because we obviously didn't have the money and we were focusing on 
rebuilding the business. 
 
Now I remember I met a global CEO of 1 of the top 3 hotel companies. And I had 
asked him that what is your biggest pain point today, and he had said renovation, 
because, of course, that company has hotels owned by others and getting them to 
invest money to renovate was his biggest pain point. So, we took a call, that we 
would identify 2 sets of hotels. Those which were old hotels with potentially high 
value in re-pricing and occupancy, renovate the rooms, the food and beverage 
outlets and the banquets. And basically, when I say renovate, I don't need a 
traditional renovation. I mean a reinvention to new standards like our new Lemon 
Tree Premier’s like Mumbai and Pune reflects. 
 
Although it would led to a large amount of inventory shutting down in summer this 
year, we took a call that specifically in the very high demand markets of Delhi, 
Hyderabad and Bangalore, where the hotels were 10 years or more old, we would 
invest a very large sum of money this year and shut down rooms and restaurants 
and in fact, lobbies too and renovate them completely, so that by the end of next 
year, they would be fully ready for what I anticipate will be a structural shift, starting 
to show very clearly in hotel room demand in India. 
 
Simultaneously Keys, which was a portfolio we acquired a few months before 
COVID, we decided to also renovate. And in fact, as I mentioned earlier, 25% of the 

 
Page 4 of 21 
 
inventory has been shut and I'm quite surprised and pleased that in spite of 25% of 
the inventory, the drop in occupancy is 1.5%. Alongside this, we also looked at all 
our uplift we needed to provide in maintenance, which is more CAPEX oriented like 
the Keys portfolio needs a replacement of the entire air conditioning system across 
all 1,000 rooms. So, putting all this together, what we felt is that if we invest 
enormously and take the pain of shutting down inventory, large amounts of inventory, 
we would have an entirely new group by the end of FY26. And then after that, we 
would go back to routine renovation, which is normally 1.5%-1.6% of revenue. That 
was the first leg of our view towards monetizing this conviction 2 years out. 
 
The second was tech. We said, we need to digitally transform our company, and we 
focused on 4 legs, which is repricing, which is we created dynamic algorithms, which 
will now come into play with these new rooms. We created an entirely new sales 
system which is entirely led by digital capabilities. We are now in the midst of 
completely reimagining our loyalty program and website with a very large element of 
mass scale personalized offers. And this is all geared towards capturing 66% of our 
demand from the retail segment in the next 2 years. 
 
The third leg we focused on was on business development, and we increased the 
business development team by 4x. This is actually all captured in the cost structure 
you are seeing. The business development team grew from x people to 4x people. 
The next word focusing on how we would deliver execution and that was obviously 
the challenge. There were planned investments and increments in retention and 
adding new people. For example, the sales team, we increased by 50% in the last 3 
months. We've also added 100 management trainees into the system. And basically, 
the perspective was that although these appear as OPEX, the way our management 
sees this that the new OPEX is going to demonstrate our ability to juice the old 
CAPEX that we have invested over the last 20 years in Lemon Tree Hotels. And that 
would enable us to achieve our stated target of exceeding a 20% ROCE from the 
next year itself. 
 
Last point is that all the free cash flow that we generate in summer has been going 
into renovation. But typically, the free cash flow in winter is 2x-2.5x of that and that 
will go towards debt reduction. And this is how we are looking at not only this year 
but the following year. 
 
Now I'll hand it over to you, moderator, to open the forum for any questions that the 
listeners may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. 

 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Karan Khanna: 
This is Karan Khanna. My first question, you spoke about 5%-12% price hikes in the 
last call. Barring this quarter, which got impacted because of multiple headwinds, 
how do you see the RevPAR growth for your portfolio, excluding Aurika? And do you 
believe you can sustain this low to mid-teens RevPAR growth in FY25 and FY26? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I'll tell you, Karan, the point is already in this quarter because a certain number of 
new rooms have come back into the inventory, we are doing 10% better ARR as a 
group and about 7% for same-store, which is obviously an improvement over Q1 
FY24. And I suspect that when the first round of renovation is over, which will be by 
mid-September, going into peak season, this will obviously improve significantly. So, 
the perspective I have is I would prefer to answer this question on a full year basis, 
and then I would adhere to whatever it is. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure, where I was coming from is, Slide #12 of your investor presentation, where 
you mentioned that for most of the markets, room rate growth has been in the range 
of about 3%-7% ex of Mumbai, where the number was 9% because of Aurika MIAL 
opening up. So, to that extent, do we think that, say, in FY25 rest of the 9 months 
and potentially FY26, there is enough opportunity for you to really look at a double-
digit RevPAR growth during both the years FY25 & FY26. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
FY25, I'm talking this year. See, FY26, I'm very confident because then the entire 
portfolio by the end of what is called summer will be fully renovated. More or less, 
there may be a few rooms still not done. This year, about half the rooms will be 
renovated. In fact, just to give you some numbers, at peak about 700-800 rooms 
were shut in Lemon Tree. 
 
Now to get an idea about what I mean by this is about 500 rooms of the first 3,500 
rooms of our company, the older one was shut, which was 15% of the inventory. And 
when 15% are shut. And as you start planning the next phase, the 15% remains shut 
because they are going to open and another 10% are shut for timely renovation. So, 
at peak 25% of the rooms are shut. And similarly, as I mentioned, Keys, 25% of the 
portfolio is shut, and we will continue to renovate this winter too so that we are able 
to renovate the entire portfolio by the end of next year. 
 
Now the view is that, once half of this renovated inventory comes back, we have 
found that there is a very positive customer response to these new rooms, especially 
in our old high-value hotels. So, we will have an ability leveraging the new revenue 
management algorithms we have in place to reprice at least that half of the inventory 
to maybe Rs. 2,000 higher than the older inventory. I do not see a problem with the 
RevPAR growth we are talking about. 

 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. This is helpful. My second question is on the Aurika Mumbai Hotel. If you could 
talk about the ARR, the occupancy levels and the customer mix that has trended for 
Aurika during Q1 FY25 and by when do you expect see this stabilizing? 
 
And as a follow-up, if I look at Slide 12 of the presentation deck, can you help us 
understand the breakup of the performance of Aurika portfolio in Mumbai and outside 
Mumbai. And a clarification here your Q1 FY24 presentation had slightly different 
numbers for the Aurika brand. So, I wanted to understand why it has changed. And 
if you can elaborate more on the Aurika Mumbai, ramp-up. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay. Aurika in Q1 last year was only Udaipur and this year is Udaipur and Mumbai. 
So, you are seeing weighted averages. In fact, Aurika Mumbai in Q1 FY25 did 45.9% 
which is around 300 rooms, now the reason it did this is that we started reducing the 
crew base and our crew base dropped from 200 plus in Q4 FY24 to about 115 in Q1 
FY25, and in fact, has now reduced further to 100 in Q2 FY25. 
 
Now the way we looked at it was very simple. We needed to reduce our dependence 
on crew and crew contracts, as you know, are long term. So, it's not that we can 
opportunistically reduce it every month. We are not renewing some contracts 
because our expectation is that, as I mentioned earlier, one must keep in mind that 
Aurika is the equivalent of 3 large hotels, 3 large hotels or 2 very large hotels of over 
300 rooms. When I reflect back on the first Lemon Tree we opened in Mumbai, which 
was 300 rooms, it took about 9 months to stabilize it. 
 
So really, to build up demand for a 670 rooms hotel, which is a new brand on top of 
it, will take, in my opinion, a year. Real results for Aurika will start coming out in Q3 
FY25 and will flow into Q4 FY25. My best guess is that you will have a clear idea of 
how Aurika performs by Q4 FY25. 
 
In Q1 FY25, it did 45.9% and a shade under Rs. 9,000 average rate. So, if you take 
the weighted average out, I don't have the numbers for Aurika Udaipur right here, 
but the portfolio did 46%. So you can say both were roughly similar. And that is 
normal because in Udaipur, there is an extreme high seasonality. Winter is double 
of summer. 
 
Now coming to Aurika Mumbai going forward, there is some improvement in Q2 
FY25. Again, as I said, it's off-season. We are really focused on building demand in 
3 segments in Aurika Mumbai. I am reasonably happy with the rate of growth of our 
corporate segment, which is an immediate sales calling issue. But the building of the 
retail segment, which is traditionally one of our strong points, needs more work in 
terms of how we market it and how we reach out to retail customers. 

 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
As far as meetings, incentives, conferences go, there is an uptick. But as you know, 
it has a very large convention space. And my expectation is that will really kick in 
from Q3 FY25 onwards. On an aggregate basis, I expect that Aurika Mumbai in H2 
FY25 will be maybe 2x or 2.5x what it will be in H1 FY25. And we'll have to wait and 
see to see how that plays out. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And then last question is on the expenses side. And if I'm looking at the P&L, 
there's the cost of food and beverages consumed has seen almost Rs. 4 crore 
growth on a YoY basis despite this quarter being relatively soft from a MICE 
perspective. And likewise, the power and fuel costs also have inched up higher. So, 
if you could elaborate more on that. And that would be my last question. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
You are asking food and beverage costs. Well, food and beverage cost is what we 
expected it to be. 
Karan Khanna: 
Despite lesser MICE activities it's gone up from Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 16 crore, I can 
take this offline otherwise, yes. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Our food costs normally, Karan, should be 29%-30%. If you look at traditionally 
historically Lemon Tree's food cost has been 29%-30% of revenue. If you have a 
very large amount of banquets, banquet food cost is typically 20%. And that lowers 
the average from, say, 30% depending on the number of banquets you have. As and 
when the MICE and banquets picks up the food cost as a percentage of the total 
revenue drops. But we didn't have significant banquets in Q1 FY25. There are some 
more in Q2 FY25. And then in Q3 and Q4 FY25, it keeps growing. And then the 
aggregate comes down to maybe 26%-27% for the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. 
Archana Gude: 
I have 2 questions. Firstly, given will we be renovating the Keys in the rest of FY25? 
I understand operating margins would be under pressure. I understand that the 
renovated inventory would operate with a higher price point, how should we look at 
the margin profile for, let's say, FY26 and FY27. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Well, I gave a number that when the Keys portfolio is fully renovated, we are 
expecting an EBITDA of about Rs. 60 crores from Keys, as you can see, a step 
change from the current EBITDA. And the reason I'm saying this is the first Keys we 
renovated was the Keys, Pimpri Pune. And what you will find is that although even 
as we speak, 30% of the inventory is shut. That means it is only a 70-room hotel. It 
is doing 100% occupancy at that 70 rooms, and it is doing an average rate 25% 
higher than pre renovation. 

 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
Of course, the expenses, unfortunately, the fixed expenses are still there, although 
the inventory has dropped by 30%, and the variable costs have reduced, but if I 
extrapolate on a more conservative basis to the rest of the portfolio, we expect that 
the increase in rate in the Keys portfolio, it is already, by the way, interestingly evident 
in Q2 FY25, you will find that on a gradual basis, it will go up 15% or maybe even 
20% over what it was pre-COVID. And that is what we are focused on because that 
will have the maximum flow-through into the EBITDA. I hope that answers it, 
Archana. 
Archana Gude: 
Right, sir. And sir, of this Hyderabad and Bangalore market there is substantial 
decline in occupancy because of a shutdown of the Keys inventory or there's more 
to read into it? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
We have shut down enormous amounts of inventory in Hyderabad and Bangalore. 
Now the most, highest performing set of, say, Hyderabad was, what is called HITEC 
City, where we have about a little under 400 rooms, nearly 20%, in fact, maybe more 
of the inventory is shut. It is undergoing a complete reimagination. We had earlier 
renovated about, I think, 5%. So those new rooms are being received very well. 
 
Currently, 20-odd percent are shut. And that is part of the reason that you are finding 
a decline in occupancy because in Hyderabad, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, 
Thursday is when you normally go full. And we had 20% less inventory. At peak on 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we were doing 80% occupancy rather 
than 100 last year, that is why you see a deflation there. 
 
As I said, it is temporary, and it is a question of having some short-term pain to 
ensure that we have significant long-term advantages and gain. In Bangalore, the 
main reason is while we have shut down less inventory in the Lemon Trees, we have 
shut down a very large amount of inventory in the Keys portfolios. And that is what 
is reflecting. 
 
In fact, we recently opened about, out of the 100 rooms under renovation we had 
shut in Keys Whitefield (~200 rooms hotel), we opened about 40 rooms and now it 
is going full excluding those 60 rooms, it is going full. It is doing 160 rooms a day. 
And there is an improvement in ARR. What you are seeing really and I would urge 
everybody here to understand this very key point is what you are seeing is effectively, 
if I drew an analogy that if there is a manufacturing company that shuts down 1 out 
of its 5 lines when the demand is high on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, 
but with the intention of really significantly improving that line with a much more high-
value product, then obviously, in the short term, you will see a negative. But in a very 
quick period after that, I expect to catch up. And that is what we are hoping for. 

 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand what was the ARR ex-Aurika Mumbai in Q1 FY25? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
It was about Rs. 8,900. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
No, that's Aurika Mumbai. What is the overall ARR for the group, excluding Aurika 
Mumbai? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Rs. 5,400. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Rs. 5,400. And this is partly to do with the overall lower occupancy that we are seeing 
because of the renovation. Would that understanding be correct? Or is there 
something. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. Because I'll give you an example, Kunal. Even in Lemon Tree Premier Delhi 
and Red Fox Delhi, you are not seeing it clearly, we have shut 80 rooms. And these 
2 hotels, which we think can be totally juiced this winter. When the mix changes, so 
you have not shut down the lower value rooms, you have shut down the higher value 
rooms, then the weighted average ARR reflects the new weightage, right? So, in the 
past, if we had, just hypothetically, 100 lower value at rooms and 100 higher-value 
hotel rooms and now you have 90 lower-value hotel rooms and 60 higher-value hotel 
rooms, then the weighted average reflects a lower ARR. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Am I making sense to you? 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Yes. I'm trying to corroborate that with your Slide 11, where you have given the mix 
of the category-wise rooms 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Slide 11? Let me go to that. What you are seeing is an aggregate. Remember, this 
is across all the 5,100 rooms we had operational out of about 5,800 rooms. But the 
hotels that, for example, get a very high number of website bookings, which is 
Hyderabad, Delhi and Bangalore, rooms were shut. Those hotels in other markets 
where you get more corporate and less retail, those were open. What you are seeing, 
unfortunately, well, as a summary, is an aggregate. Just take into account that about 
650 rooms were shut and those rooms generally 60% of them reflected a higher rate 
and more retail. And since they were shut, we were unable on the high demand dates 
to actually offer those rooms. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure.  

 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I'll give you another example. When we shut these hotels, we shut some restaurants. 
When you shut restaurants for renovation, because as I said, it is a complete 
reimagining of these hotels, the restaurant shifted into the banquets because 
obviously, we have to continue providing food. When they shifted into the banquets 
we lost banquet revenue. One flows into the other. But basically, the broad point I'm 
making is that we have taken a fair amount of pain, and we expect that, that will 
demonstrate itself the results in H2 FY25. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Understood. Also, across these segments, if you can just give us some 
indication of how the rate differential is like corporates, airlines, travel trade, OTA 
and other ones. If you can give us some indication of how the rate differential is. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
In commercial rate increase on an aggregate, without Aurika, Mumbai went up 5%. 
Because we were unable to take more group, I mean, travel trade bookings and 
MICE bookings because we could turn away some business, we were able to reprice. 
So, the average rate increase in travel trade was 11%. So as a total, corporate went 
up 6%. And retail went up, well, OTA remained flat, web went up 8%. 
 
Now if I overlay that with Aurika, so this subtotal of this whole thing was about a 3%-
3.5% hike in ARR from Rs. 5,240 odd last year, it went to Rs. 5,416 this year. If I 
overlay it with Aurika, then the increase was 8%. And the ARR became Rs. 5,688 
from Rs. 5,240. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Understood. Okay. And my second question was on, say, the after the whole 
renovation plays out, right, for the Keys portfolio this Rs. 3,500 rate that you're seeing 
goes to what number, like or grows by what number? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Minimum 4.5k. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Minimum 4.5k. Around like 30% jump overall? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. You see even our ability to reprice Pune is affected because while a large 
number of rooms are renovated, now the public areas and the restaurant is getting 
renovated, the restaurant has gone into banquets. There is this entire planning 
process. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
And even the occupancy levels would like normalize, to say, around 70%? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Kunal, we have only 70 rooms open and they're all going full at a 25% higher rate. 
We don't have rooms there. And our restaurant is half the size of what it should be 
in spite of 70% occupancy because the banquets are small there. 

 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Liladher Private Limited. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, I have a question on Aurika Mumbai. You mentioned that the crew base has 
declined from about 200 rooms to about 100-odd rooms and given the fact that with 
low-rate business, ideally, I mean, in an environment, we will let go this kind of a 
business then to get the high rate business, right. But if I look at your occupancy from 
66% in the last quarter, if I heard you right, it has gone down to 46%. Why did we let 
go this business when we were not getting some other high rates business? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Two reasons. One is you take airline business, it's a year contract. While you may 
get it in summer, you will regret it in winter. We are far more confident about winter 
in this hotel. See, if I go back to how Lemon Tree Premier with 300 rooms did in 7 
months from an opening occupancy of 40%, it went to 90%. It was fundamentally led 
by a massive pickup in retail demand month-on-month. 
 
Our view is that we are seeing signs of a similar trend line of retail for Aurika Mumbai. 
If that happens, we feel that the right inventory to have is about 15% airline crew on 
an annualized basis, which is about 100 rooms. And we have a good pickup in 
corporate, which will continue and now early signs of a good pickup in retail. So, if 
this continues, then in the next 6-8 months, my expectation is retail will cross 200 
room today. Corporate will cross 200 rooms. And then there will be the overlay which 
we'll get from meetings, incentives, conferences. So, this is a call that we took. And 
as I said, some calls have some short-term pain. And in a quarter, it may reflect 
negatively. But on an aggregate across the year, it should lead to an improvement 
in RevPAR. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. And sir, I mean in the call, a lot of discussion has happened surrounding 
renovation, and you have given quite a few numbers. But I mean just to understand 
it simplistically, out of 5,800-odd old rooms that we have, how many were shut in Q1 
FY25 because of renovation. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
At peak, about 700. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay. And do you expect this number to be at full potential in the sense that the 
entire 5,800 rooms will be opened in Q3 or Q4 FY25 when we have the peak 
business time? Because renovation is an ongoing exercise is what you have 
mentioned. I just wanted to know whether this number will fall or will it continue? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No. That's an important question. Thank you. I will explain it in detail. Routine 
renovation is you polish the bathroom, you replace a few fixtures. You may or may 
not replace furniture, but you will definitely redo the fabrics, you redo the curtains, 

 
Page 12 of 21 
 
you'll relook at your lighting. And typically, that's like a certain cost. And as I said, on 
an aggregate, since we like to refurbish/renovate 1/6 of our rooms in the inventory 
every year we typically spend under 2% of the year’s revenue on such type of 
renovation. But what we are doing in many of our old hotels; look at Lemon Tree 
Premier, Delhi, it is 12 years old. If you look at Lemon Tree Premier, Hyderabad, it 
is, I don't know, 13-14 years old. If you look at Lemon Tree Premier Bangalore, 
similar. If you look at Red Fox, the big ones, they are all very old hotels, and they 
have been going through routine renovation, which is this 1.5%-1.8% of revenue. 
 
But once we opened the new Lemon Trees which were in Calcutta, Mumbai, Pune, 
by comparison, the old ones were a very old fashioned and old design. So, 
considering that we personally feel as management that there will be an uptick in 
demand, a significant uptick due to structural shifts, we wanted to future ready this 
company. 
 
So, we took a call that now that we've opened the 3 new Lemon Tree Premiers the 
old Lemon Tree Premiers should reflect a similar standard. So, it's not a 1.8% type 
of thing. It is more of a 6% type of investment. And that is what you are seeing. It's 
not a renovation, the way we describe the renovation. This is a reinvention. 
 
And I don't know which of you ever stayed in a Lemon Tree, but those who have told 
me that they cannot believe the difference. And we are basically doing it to reprice 
and reposition ourselves as the preferred choice. We don't want to be a leading 
brand, we want to be the choice in the mid-market and upper mid-market segment. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. But sir, I was still looking out whether this number, I understand what you're 
trying to get into. But my question was basically say for instance in Q1 FY25 you 
mentioned that at peak 700 rooms were under renovation. If during Q3, given the 
exercise which you are taking, in Q3, which is a peak period for you, even in that 
quarter if 700 rooms are under renovation and we are basically in a similar 
environment. I just wanted to know whether that environment will improve or not. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Let me explain that. When I say renovation, 1,500 rooms are new, which is the new 
Lemon Tree Premiers, Aurika Mumbai and so on. Those don't need renovation after 
2 years, they will need their routine stuff. That leaves 4,400 rooms. 900 of those 
rooms are what is called Keys. Keys we will continue renovating non-stop, summer, 
winter whatever and we will get them completely ready by next year, that leaves 
3,500 rooms. We did about, if I remember right, about 250-300 rooms last year, over 
6 months, and that left about 3,200 rooms. What are we saying? We are saying that 
we would like to renovate most of these rooms by the end of next year. For any given 
time in a quarter, 600-700 rooms will be shut. 

 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
Since the typical renovation takes 2.5 months. we hope that in summer, we are able 
to finish the lot, again, next year summer. And then we are a fully ready company. 
This also includes shutting down of restaurants and banquets and so on and so forth, 
and in some cases, additional facilities like gyms and so on. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got it, sir. This is pretty much clear. Just one small clarification required. When we 
report our occupancy, do we include the rooms that are shut into our base while 
calculating that number because essentially that rooms are not available for sales? 
Just wanted to clarify on that part. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
We reported on full inventory. If you report it on net inventory, then our occupancy is 
10% higher than what we reported. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Meet Jain: 
I need 1 clarification. In terms of our EBITDA for Keys. As we mentioned, our EBITDA 
from Keys post renovation will be Rs. 60 crore annually, and ARR will be at least Rs. 
4,500. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes, that is correct. And the occupancy will be much higher because the occupancy 
of the Keys portfolio is also very low, partly because of the fact that, of course, 25% 
of the inventory is shut, but we expect a double whammy of occupancy and rate. 
Meet Jain: 
Understood. And also, we are expecting complete innovation of our entire room 
inventory by end of FY26, so FY27, you can see all the 5,800 rooms to be renovated 
and operational fully? 
Patanjali Keswani:  
You will see all 5,900 rooms as a new company. 
Meet Jain: 
Okay. And last thing is like we recently signed a management contract under the 
brand Aurika. Do we have a pipeline or a target like how many Aurika brands are we 
looking? I mean locations preferable or a type of greenfield or brownfield? Just some 
colour on that. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
See, I don't want to give, it becomes forward-looking, but there are other Aurikas in 
the pipeline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bharat Gianani from Money Control. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Yes, sir. Given that you have highlighted on near-term pain because of rebranding 
or reinventing, as you pointed out, any sense you could give, what would be the 
overall revenue number for FY25 and FY26? And margin at the consol level given 
that you've highlighted renovation expenses, expanding the business development 

 
Page 14 of 21 
 
team, investment in technology. So, can you give a ballpark estimate of how the 
consol revenue number for FY25 and FY26 and consol EBITDA margin would look 
like? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
You want clear guidance. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Sir, ballpark will do. Because like you said a lot of the mix is different, some of the 
high earning rooms were shut. Probably a ballpark guidance would be very helpful. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Look, the world is a very uncertain phase. Somebody asked me that will you do 15% 
RevPAR growth, and I didn't disagree. I think what you should take from that is last 
year, we did Rs. 1,076 crore, 15% is another Rs. 170 crore. And I did not disagree 
nor did I comment on it. Obviously, we should be north of Rs. 1,250 crore, number 
one. Number two, is we have said clearly that we will achieve 20% return on capital. 
Our total deployed capital is how much, including retail earnings? About Rs. 4,500 
crore? So, what we are saying is somewhere in the next one year or two, we'll start 
trending to Rs. 900 crore net EBITDA. And that's what we will have to deliver to 
achieve what we have promised. 
 
At that stage, also keep in mind that our renovation expenses, which has had a big 
hit on our EBITDA and our digital transformation, which has had a second hit will be 
subsumed and will reduce to normal, which means the expenditure as a percentage 
of revenue will come down by maybe 4 percentage points. That means EBITDA will 
go up by 4%. Actually, I would like to explain something. If you look at the drop in 
our EBITDA margin, it was 47.6% last year first quarter and 43% this year. What 
dropped? 2.6% was the fall due to renovation or 2.5% was a fall due to renovation 
and our digital. Another 2%-2.2% was due to fundamentally increases in business 
development, sales and marketing teams and increments. 
 
When you aggregate it, it is quite clear that when revenue picks up, this obviously as 
a percentage will start normalizing. And we will naturally move back to our 50% net 
EBITDA margins. And I'm very confident about that. So, I understand that this as a 
one-off might seem a surprising number, but it is because there are one-off, large 
one-off expenses and those are obviously something we expect to recover. To add 
another point, I have publicly said that any renovation we do, our payback period 
must be 2 years. Here's the point. If I invest Rs. 100 crore in renovation, then my 
expectation is my incremental EBITDA due to that renovation, should be Rs. 50 crore 
or more every year. And when I finish investing Rs. 200 crore, my EBITDA must 
increase by at least Rs. 100 crore, and that will be an ongoing increase in EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama. 

 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sir I’m on slide 12, If I look at your, for example, Lemon Tree Premier and Lemon 
Tree Hotels, typically for getting a EBITDAR of close to 50%or 50% plus, you need 
to clock something like a 70% plus kind of occupancy. 
 
Now if I look at Aurika Hotels Resorts, which is 46% occupancy and still it is able to 
do 49% EBITDAR, where we have Aurika Mumbai, which is a city hotel. I'm not able 
to connect how, I mean, how does it work in a sense when it reaches its 70%, what 
is the kind of EBITDAR.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
At 70%, it will do 70%. Keep in mind that Aurika earns up much higher average rate, 
but the cost structure is slightly more than an LTP. Actually, what we are trying to 
demonstrate is that it is possible to have a higher priced hotel with a high EBITDA 
margin. And if I recollect right, Aurika Mumbai in Q4 FY24, when it did 66% 
occupancy, It did 62% EBITDAR at 66%. At 70%, it will be fundamentally flow 
through. So it should do 70%. 
 
Sorry, even if I take a Lemon Tree Premier, which in winter is priced at over Rs. 
8,000. So, our Lemon Tree Premiers, which are new, highly priced and does high 
occupancy do 64% to 66% EBITDA, which is what incidentally, Rajiv, we are trying 
to achieve with Hyderabad, Bangalore and Delhi after the renovation. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure, sir. In our entire network and I'm seeing the data for past also. In season or 
off-season, we have never reached this kind of 70% kind of number. So, the Aurika, 
I mean, is the benchmark in itself. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
See, what we report is the aggregate. Lemon Tree Premier, there are 2 or 3 Lemon 
Tree Premiers, even incidentally, Lemon Tree Premier Delhi in spite of having very 
old rooms in Q4 FY24 it did 71%. Happy to share it with you if you are ever in Delhi. 
What you are seeing is, obviously, these are hotel-level EBITDA. Below that is 
corporate expenses and other expenses. In season, you will find our net EBITDA are 
in the mid-50s. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure, sir. And second question is on Slide 11. If you were to use back work and 
calculate the rates per night, now this airline rate, which we are getting for Q1 FY25 
is close to Rs. 6,900. Now we have not seen this kind of rate across your portfolio of 
corporate, airline and trade travel for the last 7-8 quarters. This is just because you 
have let go of some low-yielding airline crew and is it just the high yielding ones 
which are remaining with us? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No. So there is more high yielding because of the 100 rooms in Aurika Mumbai, 
We've also got some high-yielding crew in a couple of other hotels, but I would like 

 
Page 16 of 21 
 
to urge you to consider one thing. This is gross rates what you are seeing. And one 
impact of airline crew is transportation cost. If I link it to that, the transportation cost 
in our company went up by about Rs. 40 lakhs, Rs. 50 lakhs in the quarter. So, the 
flow-through in that sense is less. Am I making sense to you? 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Yes. Can you just talk about the flow-through across the, like say, 4 channels, 4 or 5 
channels, what you had reported. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay. Like this year, let's assume we'll do 50% net EBITDA, which means at the 
hotel level, we will do maybe 55%-56% hotel level EBITDA. Now this means really if 
I remove corporate expenses and below-the-line expenses, this Rs. 45 that we are 
spending for every Rs. 100 of revenue at each hotel, roughly half is variable cost and 
half is fixed costs. Now if I do Rs. 100 at a normal hotel, roughly Rs. 75 is room, Rs. 
20 is food and beverage and Rs. 5 is others. In the Rs. 5 that is others, we typically 
have a flow-through of 30%. In the Rs. 20, that is food and beverage, our flow 
through, I would say, is 40%. Now 25% gives a flow-through of 35%, but the other 
75% gives a flow-through of 75%. Am I making sense? Room income typically has 
a flow-through of 75%-80%. Now if I look at corporate, the flow-through is 85%. The 
rate may be lower but the flow-through is higher because we have no other expenses 
on it. On airlines, the flow-through is less by perhaps 10 percentage points because 
of transportation, inclusive laundry and so on. In travel trade, the flow-through maybe 
less because of commissions we pay to travel agents. In OTAs, the flow-through will 
be less because we give commissions to the online travel agents. 
 
In lemontree.com, the flow through will be maximum because it is the cheapest 
channel. And in others/FITs, it will be similar to lemontreehotels.com. If I look at the 
slide you are referring to, corporate will be second highest, Lemon Tree and other 
FITs will be highest and travel trade and online travel agents, roughly similar and 
airline will be the least. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Anuj Upadhyay from Investec. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Can you elaborate on our debt repayment plan schedule going ahead based on the 
anticipated future cash flow, considering the fact we will be having significant 
expenses towards the renovations over next 2 years? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
See, I'll give you a simple example. Our free cash flow is, say, Rs. 50 crore every 
quarter, at least Rs. 50 crore in the summer. That, as I said, is going into renovation. 
In winter, it is normally 2x-2.5x. Last year, if I remember right, our free cash flow was 
Rs. 300 crore and I think the summer was less than Rs. 100 crore, the rest was in 
winter. 

 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
What I said earlier was, Anuj, that the winter free cash flow will all go to paid debt. 
Next year, summer, again, we will invest in renovation. Hopefully, our income will be 
higher because Aurika will be stable. We should have something left over next 
summer to write down debt. Following winter, it will all go towards debt write down. 
 
The broad statement I had given was that in the next 4 years, and I said it last year, 
we should be close to debt being 0, which means, really, we are in a position, we 
feel to write down our debt over 4 years. What I also mentioned is that if we take 
Fleur public, 80% of our debt resides in Fleur. As and when we take Fleur public, 
should it be earlier than this, then naturally, our debt will become zero in six years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My question is on, as you said like there's some improvement in trends of ARR like 
10% in Q2 versus a lower number in the previous quarter on a like-for-like basis. 
This trend, is it like sort of pan-India for your hotels? Or is it like specific segment 
which you're seeing recovery like MICE segment, which was under pressure last 
quarter or marriage segment? Or like how would you attribute the improvement in 
Q2 FY25? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I would say it's overall pricing, including Keys. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. So all segments would have improved maybe to that extent? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. And now more like generic question, most of the other company specific 
questions are answered. A general question like does the hotel industry, I mean we 
have seen like sort of very strong years like past 2-3 years. In FY25, have had like 
sort of a slow start. But Q4 was also relatively slow. So does the hotel industry, like 
sort of feeling a pinch that maybe the growth may not be like as strong as you are 
kind of foreseeing that we were seeing 6 months back? Or we remain as bullish as 
we were like 6 months back for the next 2-4 years? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
See the traditional view on the hotel industry has been cyclical. When supply growth 
is more than demand growth than over a period of time, there is pain because of 
operating leverage, hotel drop prices. When this auto corrects, because return on 
hotel assets reduces, then supply growth reduces and demand growth continues at 
a secular level based on the economy and then prices pick up as demand picks up, 
and that was the normal cycle. 

 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
Now, when I look at India demand, by the way, it is nowhere near top of cycle even 
in the last 2 years. Very exceptionally after COVID, in a very fragmented industry, 
the entire hotel sector took its prices up without waiting for an increase in demand. 
There was a one-off of leisure travel, revenge travel and so on and so forth. But that 
was not obviously sustainable.  
 
But what I do see is that there is about a 10% growth in demand every year, and I 
can use airline demand growth as a proxy. And supply growth will be 6% as per what 
all the consulting firms inform us. So naturally, we are in the midst of moving towards 
a top of cycle. Though we are not there yet. Once you hit top cycle, all bets go off 
because dynamic pricing takes over, and you sell the room as high as a customer is 
willing to pay. But what I am interested in, that is the cycle. What I'm interested in is 
the high-frequency indicators, which show a change, a likely change in demand 
across a very large cohort of Indians who were earlier not consuming branded hotel 
groups. For example, the current consumers of hotel rooms in India in our best 
estimate are people where the average household income is north of Rs. 25 lakhs 
to Rs. 30 lakhs income. There are only 6 million such households in India. 
 
But if I look overlaid with the GDP growth, and I do some level of segmentation and 
demographic, my best guess is that the 6 million will hit 30 million in the next 5-6 
years, simply because the median income going from $3,000 to $3,500-$4,000 or 
$2,800 to $3,500 to $3,800, the number of people who move into this signal limit of 
the bell curve grows 5x. It's not a large number. I'm just saying that instead of 6 
million, there will be 30 million, but 30 million still will be 10% of India's households 
or 20% of the urban households. That is exactly what happened in China, in 
Indonesia, it's playing out right now in Vietnam. And I am hopeful that, that is what 
will happen in India sometime in the next 2-4 years. So that is a hockey stick change 
in demand. In China, demand grew from that period on when it was roughly similar 
to India and Indonesia too at 22% to 25% CAGR growth in demand. So, it was a 
hockey stick. 
 
What were the high-frequency indicators that started showing up early, growth in 
airline traffic, growth in airports, growth in aircraft; imagine the number of aircraft in 
order are 3x of current supply, growth in number of runways; growth in Four-lane 
highways; which doubled in the last 4 years, just FYI. Growth in SUVs, which show 
an intent to travel outside the city. 
 
I will give you an interesting example. Time to travel from Delhi to Jaipur has dropped 
to 3 hours because of the highway or express way. The number of travellers from 
Delhi to Jaipur have gone up 50% since then. These are the indicators I'm kind of 

 
Page 19 of 21 
 
looking at, and that is what I'm hopeful will play out. I'm not playing for the cycle. 
Actually, I'm playing for the structural shift. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Jayesh Shah from OHM Portfolio Equi Research. 
Jayesh Shah: 
My first question is, if I understood right, then 700 rooms are shut for renovation for 
the entire year, which means in second half, we should be short by 700 rooms and 
you are still maintaining the annual guidance of Rs. 1,250 crore. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No. I said clearly, we renovate these rooms in 2.5 months and in 6 months, we will 
renovate, then in winter, we will cash. The next year summer we will renovate and 
by then all these roughly 3,000 rooms we will renovate. 
Jayesh Shah: 
The renovation cycle will only be in the first half, but in second half, the total inventory 
will be available. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Absolutely. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Okay. And a related question is, you've talked about reviewing your own hotels. Now 
do you see this problem also in your managed hotels? And how would you be 
grappling with that issue? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I had referred earlier, good point, to the global CEO who said his biggest problem 
was renovating the old hotels because the owners were not willing to do so. As it 
happens, we have accelerated the number of rooms we have in the managed 
portfolio. About 50% are new. Of the remaining 50%, roughly 2/3 are what I would 
call old and in need of renovation. Over the last few months, we have been in talks 
with multiple owners. And I would say that with an 80% acceptance level, they will 
also be undergoing renovation. In fact, some are undergoing renovation as we 
speak. And we intend to renovate that part of the portfolio. Now, if that does not 
happen, we have obviously given them some time, then we are quite clear that the 
hotels that do not meet our brand standards, especially now that we have such new 
hotels, we will churn out of the system. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Okay. Then there are 2 consequences. One is if they agree to renovate, do they bear 
the expenses or does it really impact your management fee? And for people who 
don't and when you churn out, then does it mean that you would fall short on your 
2030 guidance where you've talked of 25,000 rooms. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Well, the guidance was not for 2030, it was for 2027. And absolutely not. We have 
literally hundreds of inquiries at this moment. The point is, Jayesh, unlike a traditional 
management company, which looks at cash flow, we look at longevity of cash flow. 

 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
One of the key clauses we have is just this that you must renovate the hotels to our 
standards. And number two, you cannot exit once you sign a 15-year contract. And 
if you exit the penalty is very onerous. Basically, you have to pay us the fees for the 
unexpired term of the contract. This is like an international hotel company would do 
like a Marriott, for example. In the early stages of starting this third-party 
management business, we found a lot of pushback, but we adhered to it, which is 
why in the beginning, it was a little slow. Now we are very clear we do not bear a 
single expense in the renovation of any hotel. We charge fees to manage and these 
fees are fixed and variable part on performance part on what we call basic fees and 
sales and reservation fees. 
 
Typically, our fees are about 8% of revenue. And if the hotel outperforms, then it can 
move up to 10% of revenue. Number two is, as far as the portfolio goes, there are 
not many hotel owners who have said no. In fact, a few have asked for some time 
because Q1 was a little weak, as you can imagine, for everybody. But my instinct 
tells me all of them will go for renovation. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Which would basically be next summer because obviously, winter they want and you 
may not want renovate. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
They would renovate in Q2. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Okay. Secondly, coming back to your 2027 guidance of 25,000 rooms. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
It was 20,000 of rooms, including those in the pipeline. We are currently at I think at 
about 14,500. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Right, I thought 50% of this was supposed to be ownership. So you would still be 
looking to build a hotel for, say, 5,000 rooms. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No, What I said is 30% owned 70% managed, which means 6,000 owned 14,000 
managed. That if tomorrow Fleur list as a growth development asset-owning 
platform, then it is entirely possible that it may get into developing new hotels and 
acquiring hotels. This was as is when we gave this 5-year vision plan, 1 year ago. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Right. And sir, the last question is what you've actually talked about. Instead of if, 
can I ask when Fleur list for DRHP? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
That's a decision for the Board and for our partner, APG but I would expect it to be 
sooner rather than later. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sanjay Kohli from Goldstone Capital. 

 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Question on the capital structure, any plans for a rights issue? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No. We are cash positive, and we can see that we can write down our debt. In fact, 
the big question for us will be as and when we list Fleur, we will be a debt-free cash 
accretive company, and so how will we deploy that cash. will we start the dividend 
process? Will we redeploy. I don't think there is any need for rights in Lemon Tree. 
If there was, it would have been during COVID, but we managed to avoid that. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Well we have decent currencies, so one would have thought and maybe it's an 
opportune time to our rights issue. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Sanjay barring another COVID, there will be no need. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Hopefully, there won't be another COVID.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Everybody, thank you so much for your patience and for listening in and maybe to a 
little bit of rambling by me, and thank you for your interest and support. We will 
continue to stay engaged. Please be in touch with our Investor Relations team for 
any further details or discussions. And I look forward to interacting with you after the 
Q2 results. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity and accuracy. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
