 
 
 
 
 
 
August 17, 2024 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai-400051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on August 9, 2024 pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q1 FY25 post results earnings call held on August 9, 2024. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
DHAVAL NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2024.08.17 18:47:08 +05'30'

 
1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q1 FY25  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
August 9, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
 
  LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 

 
2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Zydus Life Sciences 
Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that all 
participant lines will be in ‘listen only’ mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
over the conference to Mr. Ganesh Nayak - Executive Director of 
Zydus Life Sciences. Thank you and over to you.  
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post 
results teleconference for the quarter ended June 30th, 2024. For 
today's call, we have with us, Dr. Sharvil Patel - Managing Director, 
Mr. Nitin Parekh - Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind Bothra - 
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Mr. Alok Garg - 
Senior Vice President from the Managing Director's Office.  
Let me now give you a broad overview of the developments 
during the quarter.  
It's my pleasure to share that we commenced fiscal 2025 on a 
strong note, sustaining the growth momentum across the 
businesses during the quarter. Overall, we delivered a strong 
double-digit growth during the quarter. This, coupled with 
sustained profitability improvement, has helped us achieve the 
highest ever operating profit and margins during the quarter. Our 
India branded formulations business outperformed the market 
growth with 13% year-on-year growth. The consumer wellness 
business delivered an industry leading double-digit growth during 
the quarter, aided by improved demand scenario and an extended 
summer season. Our US formulations business delivered a stellar 
performance both on a sequential and year-on-year basis, driven 
by new launches and volume expansion in the base portfolio. Our 
international business continued its growth trajectory during the 
quarter.  
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the 
quarter gone by. We registered consolidated revenues of Rs. 62.1 
billion, up 21% on a year-on-year basis and 12% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 20.8 billion, a growth 
of 38% on a year-on-year and 28% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 33.6%, which is an 
improvement of 430 basis points on a year-on-year and 410 basis 
points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Net profit for the quarter 
stood at Rs. 14.2 billion, up 31% on a year-on-year and 20% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. We deleveraged our balance sheet 
during the quarter by repaying the entire debt.  

 
3 of 19 
 
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the first 
quarter of FY25 for our key business segments.  
Our India geography, which comprises of the formulations and 
consumer wellness businesses, accounted for 37% of the total 
revenues during the quarter and grew 15% year-on-year.  
As mentioned earlier, our branded formulations business in India 
grew faster than the market during the quarter with 13% year-on-
year growth. The business outpaced the market growth both in 
the chronic and acute segments. Portfolio of key pillar brands and 
innovation products registered strong volume growth, driving the 
overall performance during the quarter. We launched 10 new 
products, including line extensions with three first-in-India 
launches. We retained our leadership position in the nephrology 
and remained the fastest growing Indian company in oncology in 
the IPM. The business grew faster than the market in key 
therapies of cardiology, gynaecology, derma, respiratory, anti-
infectives and super specialty therapies of oncology and 
nephrology. Contribution of chronic portfolio has increased 
consistently over the last several years and stood at 41.3% as per 
IQVIA MAT June, 2024, which is an improvement of 430 basis 
points over the last three years.  
Our consumer wellness business recorded revenues of Rs. 8.4 
billion, up 21% on a year-on-year basis. The growth was broad 
based and largely driven by 17% volume growth. The personal 
care segment, which comprises of Nycil and the EverYuth brands, 
continued to deliver robust performance with yet another quarter 
of strong double-digit growth. Food and nutrition segment 
witnessed recovery during the quarter and posted double digit 
growth as well. Gross margins continued to improve both 
sequentially and on a year-on-year basis. 
Now let me take you through the performance of our US 
formulations business. The business accounted for 51% of the 
consolidated revenues during the quarter with revenues of Rs. 
30.9 billion, up 23% on a sequential basis. We launched seven new 
products during the quarter. New launches for the quarter include 
the launch of our second 505(b)(2) product, viz. Zituvimet in the 
area of metabolic disorder management and Mirabegron ER 
tablets. We filed five additional ANDAs and received approval for 
six ANDAs, including two tentative approvals, during the quarter.  
On the international markets front, the demand scenario remains 
strong across key markets despite ongoing political and economic 

 
4 of 19 
 
challenges in some of the countries. Overall, the business posted 
revenues of Rs. 5.3 billion, up 9% year-on-year.  
On the operations front, the USFDA has classified two of our 
injectable facilities located in the Ahmedabad SEZ and at Jarod 
near Baroda as ‘Official Action Indicated’, which is OAI. We are 
working closely with the USFDA to implement the necessary 
corrective actions as required.  
Now this concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. 
Sharvil Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses 
as well as initiatives in our innovation program. Thank you. 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
It is a pleasure to have you all here on the call today. We are 
pleased with our performance during the quarter. All our 
businesses continued their robust growth journey from the 
previous fiscal and performed on expected lines with a focus on 
fulfilling diverse healthcare needs of the customers across the 
markets. We remain committed to strengthen our core business 
and explore newer avenues to generate better outcomes for our 
patients.  
On the India formulations front, our efforts are directed towards 
expanding the presence across focused therapies, and in turn, 
serve a larger set of customers. We have successfully leveraged 
our rich and diverse portfolio of innovation products to offer novel 
solutions to the patients to satisfy their unmet healthcare needs. 
We have been conducting various patient support programs and 
activities to create greater awareness amongst patients, 
particularly in the areas of the unmet healthcare needs.  
In the US, multiple building blocks such as a comprehensive 
portfolio of generics across dosage forms, capability to deliver 
novel solutions to patients through the LiqMeds acquisition in the 
specialty space, and investments in rare disease space, are now in 
place. This will greatly enhance our ability to address diverse 
patient needs. This, coupled with strong customer relationships, a 
network of regulatory compliant manufacturing facilities and an 
agile supply chain will ensure sustained growth trajectory for the 
US business going forward.  
On the international market front, our focus remains on 
expanding the presence in selected therapies across key emerging 
markets by leveraging our global R&D portfolio of generics and 

 
5 of 19 
 
specialty products. Our innovation pipeline across different areas 
continues to make progress and achieve the desired milestones.  
With this, let me share some material developments on our 
innovation efforts during the quarter.  
On the NCE research front, during the quarter, we completed 
patient recruitment for the Phase II(b)/ III clinical trials of 
Saroglitazar Magnesium for primary biliary cholangitis indication 
and Phase II(b) clinical trials of Saroglitazar Magnesium for 
metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis, which is known 
as MASH indication for the US. We also completed patient 
recruitment for Phase II clinical trials of Usnoflast, earlier known 
as ZYIL1, for Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis which is known as ALS 
indication during the quarter. In the biotech R&D space, we 
submitted a marketing authorization application for one of the 
monoclonal antibodies to the Indian regulator. On the novel 
biologics front, we initiated a Phase I clinical trial in India for an 
anti-properdin molecule during the quarter. Recently, in the 
month of July, we received marketing approvals from the Mexican 
regulatory authority for two products viz BhavaTM, which is the 
biosimilar of Bevacizumab and MamitraTM for the biosimilar of 
Trastuzumab. On the specialty and 505(b)(2) development front, 
recently, in the month of July, we received final approval for our 
third NDA viz. ZituvimetTM XR, which is the sitagliptin metformin 
extended-release tablets in the area of metabolic disorder 
management. With this approval, we now have all three NDAs of 
Sitagliptin and combination franchise approved through the 
505(b)(2) route. All the three NDAs have received first cycle 
approvals.  
Thank you. And now we can start with the Q&A session. Over to 
the coordinator for the Q&A. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
We’ll now begin the Question & Answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask questions may raise your hand from Participant tab 
on your screen. Participants are requested to use headphones or 
earphones while asking questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
 
The first question is from Yash Gandhi. 
Yash Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, congratulations again on a great 
set of numbers. I think, this quarter, we've got 33% EBITDA 
margin, one of the highest the company has ever seen in the 
history. So, I just want to understand the sustainability of this sort 
of margin going into the next two quarters or for the year.  

 
6 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think obviously, this quarter has been an exceptionally good 
quarter on the margins front. And as we have stated earlier that 
last year, we ended on a high with a 27.5% margin. And with 
looking at the phasing of the coming year, we expect to see an 
improvement in the margin by 100 to 150 basis points from FY24 
margin.  
Yash Gandhi: 
Okay. And sir, again on the US business. So, this year we've grown 
26% YoY. This is an excellent growth. How do you see the 
trajectory of the US formulation business doing this year?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we see healthy double-digit growth for the US business during 
the coming financial year, this financial year.  
Yash Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. That was it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal. 
Kunal: 
Good afternoon. Sir, first question would be the revenue guidance 
that we had provided for FY25. We had said almost from high 
teens kind of top line growth that we expected. Since the first 
quarter has been meaningfully above that, are we revising it or 
we are staying with the same guidance?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We continue to believe that we will deliver high teens growth for 
this year.  
Kunal: 
And on one of the speciality portfolio across two geographies, one 
is US, wherein we have now few commercialized products like 
Zokinvy. So, would you be quantifying the current contribution of 
our speciality portfolio in US?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think it's still in the very early stages. As I said, the patient 
acquisition or the finding new patients is a slow process in the US. 
So, once it becomes sizable and meaningful, we will obviously talk 
about it differently. But right now, it doesn't form a major part of 
the overall revenue.  
Kunal: 
And last one on the India business. We have a portfolio of 
speciality product with our in-house research like Saroglitazar and 
some of the first-in-market, biosimilar launches, etc. So, to that 
extent, we have also said that that portfolio has grown very 
strongly. Could you quantify the current contribution of that 
portfolio for us?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I don't think. Our focus on India is not driven by dosage form. It’s 
a therapy and disease focus and brand focus. So, I don't think we 
do it that way. But as I said, they do form an integral part of the 

 
7 of 19 
 
overall future innovative portfolio that we have, which is both, as 
you mentioned, the Saroglitazar and the breast cancer and other 
oncology therapies that we are working on. So, it's more a disease 
area where we look at it and how much share of that area we do 
have. And as we alluded, like in oncology, we are now the largest 
and the fastest growing organization. And similarly in nephrology 
and other segments. Obviously, aided by both the proprietary 
products that we have, but also the products that are required 
beyond just the couple of new drugs that we have.  
Kunal: 
Is it fair to say that there'll be more launches coming, and hence 
this portfolio will keep getting bigger and bigger, which is high 
growth?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, that is a right statement. We do expect these products to 
become the largest brands for the organization, which will 
obviously mean that they'll form a larger part of the overall 
portfolio.  
Kunal: 
Thank you.  
Nitin Parekh: 
Can the coordinator ensure that all others are on mute? There's 
some noise coming for other people talking.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kunal. The next question is from Neha.  
Neha: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Sir, given you're maintaining 
your margin guidance of the 150 basis points margin expansion. Is 
it fair to assume that the cost base that we've seen in this quarter, 
let's say the R&D cost or the other operating cost, R&D would 
materially increase from here, the SG&A cost would remain at 
these levels? Because this was a seasonally strong quarter for the 
India business as well as US, we did higher. So how should we 
think about the operating cost from a run rate perspective?  
Nitin Parekh: 
Excluding R&D, Neha, there has been an increase in this particular 
quarter, but about 125 crores in this quarter are of one off nature. 
And therefore, I think 1,200 to 1,250 other costs excluding R&D 
would be the right basis for you to project.  
Neha: 
What is this 125 crores related to Sir, the one off that you 
mentioned?  
Nitin Parekh: 
There are some ERF related costs, there are some legal cost 
provisions, 
there 
are 
some 
project 
related 
consultancy 
assignments, some professional fees, many items within that. But 
they are of non-recurring nature.  

 
8 of 19 
 
Neha: 
Okay. And on the R&D, how should we look at the R&D, given we 
have the patient recruitment completed for two of our NCE 
products?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So as I said, our expectation is that we will see around an 8% kind 
of spend on R&D. And that's what we hope to maintain.  
Neha: 
8% of sales for a full year basis.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  
Neha: 
Understood. My second question is on the US business. 
Obviously, this quarter we had the benefit of the Revlimid as well 
as Mirabegron. As we think about the subsequent… first, in this 
quarter, was there any improvement in the base business besides 
Revlimid and Mira, and was Revlimid flattish quarter-on-quarter, 
higher quarter-on-quarter, any qualitative colour there?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, Revlimid was obviously higher quarter-on-quarter and there 
was a ramp up to the base business also.  
Neha: 
Okay. Understood. And as I think about the next three or four 
quarters. Other than Mira, can you give us some colour on what 
sort of launches we should be expecting? Any other meaningful 
launch that we should be seeing? Anything that you can provide 
us on the US for the base business?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
As I said, we do expect a double-digit growth in the US, and that 
factors in obviously our current base business and new product 
launches.  
Neha: 
Okay. And how many launches should we be expecting this year, 
Sir?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
For the full year, we expect around 25 plus launches.  
Neha: 
Okay. Understood. And my last question, given we have ample 
amount of net cash that we're sitting on, sorry, given the ample 
amount of cash generation, how should we look at capital 
allocation strategy for future growth? What would be two or 
three key areas that you will be focusing on for inorganic growth 
opportunities? And any ticket size that you're thinking would be, 
something that you'd be comfortable with?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so, I think as I had also tried to speak about in the last 
quarter. I think, our key focus will be scaling up our speciality 
business in the US. And for that, obviously we will look to see how 
do we deploy efficiently our capital to not only scale up the 
business, but also have a diversified large business on the 

 
9 of 19 
 
speciality front. The second area is India. India, we've done well. 
We understand the business well. We will continue to see if there 
are opportunities in India, both from the brand side or some other 
adjacencies. And recently, with the last five years’ good scale up 
of our international business and also good profitability that we're 
seeing, we do believe there can be specific opportunities in the 
international businesses that we will look to do. 
Beyond that, I think, as I said, we have transformed from just 
being a pharmaceutical business to more of a life sciences 
organization. And that would mean that, how do we create the 
right solutions for the patients in different areas will become 
important. So, going beyond the pill becomes very critical for us. 
So, whether it is companion diagnostic, med devices or medical 
med devices or direct-to-patient services, we will be looking at 
many of these opportunities to scale up our business further.  
Neha:  
 
       Understood, okay. Thank you so much, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Neha. The next question is from Bino.  
Bino: 
Hi, good evening. I have a few questions. To start with on 
Mirabegron, how do you look at it?  
Moderator: 
Bino, your voice is not audible. Can you speak loudly?  
Bino: 
Hello, is it better now?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Bino: 
Okay, great. How do you look at the timelines on Mirabegron? I 
know it's difficult because litigation is going on. But do you think 
this can be a few quarters’ opportunity or will it last till the next 
patent expiry? How do you look at it?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think you answered it saying it is difficult to answer that 
question. But at least, I think, short term, at least for the next 
couple of quarters, it is what it is today. But a little longer term is 
still very difficult to answer.  
Bino: 
Second on this product, Opsumit or Macitentan. I believe you had 
an FTF in that. Is that still valid? Because I saw somebody got an 
approval whom I thought was not an FTF.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I won't have a direct answer on this. It’s better my team gets 
back to you on it specifically so that I don't give it. But I do 
remember that we did have some first-to-file status. But I'll 
request my team to give you more specific details on it.  

 
10 of 19 
 
Bino: 
Sure, sure. And regarding Cabometyx which we recently in-
licensed. I believe there was a court verdict expected sometime 
around this time. Is it, has it come yet?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I'm sorry. Could you repeat the molecule? Which one did you say?  
Bino: 
Cabometyx. Which we in-licensed recently? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The one from MSN, right?  
Binu: 
Yeah.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think that's under still litigation. So as and when we have any 
outcome on that, we can discuss that. But obviously, it seems to 
be a good product for the future.  
Bino: 
And finally, on Saroglitazar PBC indication. When do you expect 
the readout? Any timeline?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It will be in the next financial year. Hopefully in the end of, I 
mean, second quarter of next financial year.  
Bino: 
Okay, so FY26. So, filing would next year? So, it could be an FY27 
opportunity if everything goes well?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  
Bino: 
Thank you. I'll join back.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Harsh.  
Harsh: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. My question is pretty broad based on the 
US industry. So, after COVID, we had a couple of years of, not for 
the company, but overall, at the industry level, we had some sort 
of headwinds in terms of price erosion and lower demand. So, just 
wanted to get a macro view over the next 2-3 years. What kind of 
environment are we seeing in terms of FDA approvals and the 
pricing of the base generic formulations? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think on the approval side, FDA continues to deliver good 
number of approvals. So, I think fundamentally, that remains 
constant. I think also, I don't think the nature of business has 
changed in the US. It is a highly competitive, price sensitive 
market. And so, whether it was COVID or earlier or now, we don't 
see any fundamentally different ways of behaving in the market. I 
think what succeeds in the market is portfolio, your service levels 
and how fast are you able to deliver your products and what kind 
of service levels you are able to maintain with your customers, 
and strong focus on profitability helps you make the right 

 
11 of 19 
 
decisions, I think. So fundamentally, all those things remain the 
same for that market, whether it was in the past or for the future.  
Harsh: 
And in terms of demand scenario, do you feel anything is different 
for next 2-3 years compared to what it was after COVID between 
2020 and 2023? And in comparison, do you feel the demand 
scenario changing materially over the next 2-3 years?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think at least when we look at our generics business, it all 
depends on large molecules going off patent. And as you can see, 
till the next five years, there are significant amount of products 
that will still go off patent. So, the pipeline of future generic 
portfolio remains attractive.  
Harsh: 
Sure. And for the international business, the rest of the world 
business, we see a lot of pharma companies now focusing on that 
pie of the market. So how does it sit in your overall strategy? And 
what kind of growth do you foresee over next, if I have to take a 3 
to 5 years kind of horizon?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so I think, for us, the international businesses have 
delivered a consistent double-digit CAGR over the last five years, 
and also have shown significant improvement in profitability. So, 
we believe going forward, the business will definitely scale up 
meaningfully with strong double-digit growth, and also will 
continue on the improvement on profitability. So, we are quite 
bullish on the international market. And that's why we said we 
will also continue to look at adding more products and 
geographies to expand it.  
Harsh: 
Sure. Thank you. And that was from my end. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saion.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Dr. Sharvil, your comments 
suggest that scaling up US specialties is one of the things that you 
will be pursuing. I'm wondering if you can provide some aspiration 
that you carry with respect to the US business. How you want to 
do this? We have mixed experience, it seems to be a tough one. I 
just want to understand what capabilities you would need to sort 
of develop, to address that opportunity in a way that, and what 
kind of risk and size of acquisition are you looking at? Because, I 
would understand that it probably would require an acquisition 
for you to meaningfully scale up US specialty. So, if you can give 
some colour. I mean, we are aware of some of the products that 
you're developing, the rare disease, the liver disease. It would be 

 
12 of 19 
 
great if you can give some clarity as to how you're thinking about 
this business and what are the steps we should expect.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sure. So, I think there are two areas that we are focusing on when 
it comes to the US specialty side. One is the rare disease business 
through our business unit of Sentynl Therapeutics. So, today we 
have two commercialized products, one which we just recently 
acquired, and one which we had done a few years ago, a year ago. 
And we have a third molecule, which is the CUTX-101, which is in 
the NDA stage of filing. So currently, it's a three-asset business. 
And the way we look at it is that, slowly build that business up 
over the next two years, mostly through small inorganic 
opportunities, to scale that up, and build a niche rare disease 
business.  
Now in the rare disease business, the focus has to be, obviously 
for us to have a product-to-market, because again, the disease is 
very rare. But then it is to find new patients, which means a lot of 
work that needs to get done in education, in getting early 
diagnosis, and getting the right diagnosis and treatment, because 
these are life-saving drugs. So, our effort is on creating a larger 
access for some of these drugs and finding the patients at the 
right time so that we can make them available.  
With respect to the orphan disease business that we hope to 
build, today, we have one asset, which is Saro. If everything goes 
well, it's a calendar year 27 kind of opportunity to commercialize. 
I do agree that our aspiration is to be in more than one product 
and not just a single product, though Saro on its own has a good 
business profile that we can build on. But we will look at an 
inorganic opportunity over the next two years to have a 
commercially ready footprint in the US when Saro comes up for 
launch. And that is what we hope to do in the next two years, to 
find a commercial asset that we can either partner or we could 
acquire, and build a front end commercial asset in the US, which 
can also take Saro with it. Even if it doesn't, we do already have 
an organic plan to build our own commercial team in the US. But 
we will keep both options open for us for the orphan side of it in 
the US. So, these are the two areas we hope to build. We 
definitely don't want to be a one product company. So, Saro is 
very important right now, but we will hope to build on to it either 
through licensing or inorganic opportunity. And if you look at the 
timeline, obviously, ‘27 is Saro, but our future molecules are 2030 
and beyond. So, we do, in the next five years, require some more 
options beyond just Saro. So that's what we will focus on.  

 
13 of 19 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Great. The second question I had was on biosimilars. So, you have 
done quite well in India, plus some emerging market approvals 
have also come through. But unlike many of the peers who have 
global development targeting US and Europe, you have generally 
avoided that space. So, while you are pursuing a different strategy 
here, is there any change in thought process with the evolving 
regulation, or the competitive dynamics? Anything that you can 
share given the capabilities that you've already built for India and 
emerging markets?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, we are quite aligned in terms of what we need to do 
for India and US, both in terms of the offerings that we can give in 
terms of a large pipeline of biosimilars, and also the annual 
capacities that we have built for, which is quite large and total 
monoclonal capacity of almost 350 KL. I think why we decided not 
to enter the developed markets, were two reasons. One is both 
from the investment point of view, the investments were pretty 
large and sizable for doing a generic version of a biologic. And the 
second was obviously access to the market looking at the high 
rebates that exist in different markets. So, I think we found it very 
difficult to justify the investment from our point of view.  
I think two reasons will make us think again about it. One is 
obviously, if the investment thesis comes down, which is, if we 
can go towards more generic strategy, which is a PK-PD strategy, 
then we can look at taking up some of the developed markets. 
And second, which we seem to think it is happening, is the 
interchangeability of biosimilars that may come to effect. So, if 
both those triggers happen, we would look to take development 
for the developed markets also. But currently, we are limited on 
that aspect.  
And again, it's also to do with our allocation in terms of resources. 
We do have enough opportunities on the novel side, which has 
still higher risk, but obviously greater opportunity. So, we are 
focusing our efforts more on that side. But as I said, if both of 
these changes do happen, we would potentially look to see if we 
want to take it up for the developed market.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
       Yeah, great. Thanks. I'll join back.  
Moderator: 
                    Thank you. The next question is from Kunal.  
Kunal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity again. So, one on the product 
i.e. that was approved today Ingrezza. Is that a near-term 
opportunity that we should build either in FY25 or FY26?  

 
14 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No.  
Kunal: 
So it's more of a longer term opportunity?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  
Kunal: 
Okay. So we have settlement, I guess, right? So, it should be in 
line with that settlement, is it a good way to put it? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, it's definitely not a near term opportunity. And as I said, we 
do have exclusivity and sole exclusivity as we have stated. So, 
whenever that market formation happens, that will be the 
opportunity.  
Kunal: 
And another one on the R&D expense, I'm not sure if this 
question was asked earlier. But we had said it would be between 
7 to 8%. So, do we maintain that guidance even in the, let's say 
this year and in the medium term?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, for FY25, we maintain that guidance.  
Kunal: 
Sure. And beyond FY25, do you think that some of the trials 
maybe for NASH etc., it could be large clinical trials, and we might 
need to accelerate the R&D?  
Nitin Parekh: 
So, earlier we had guided that our R&D year on year may range 
between 7 to 9%, with average for three years around 8%. So, we 
continue with that guidance even today.  
Kunal: 
Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you Kunal. We'll wait for attendees to raise their hand and 
ask questions. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, hi, thanks. On Sitagliptin and other approvals that you have, 
Sitagliptin and combination approvals for the US, how are you 
thinking about it based on the experience so far? I think you 
talked about possibly mid-high single-digit market share there. 
What are your latest expectations around the product?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so I think it's been a good learning for us on trying to see 
how do we get a 505(b)(2) market and successful. So, I think what 
we can say comfortably is that, because of this opportunity, and 
what we've been able to do, it’s definitely not a one-year 
opportunity, but at least a three to five year opportunity. So, we 
will see consistent revenue on this business from this franchise, 
which is very meaningful and good for the organization and 
learning. So, as I said, it's not a one-year opportunity, but will 
continue for a longer period of time.  

 
15 of 19 
 
The second is we continue to see how do we get more access to 
the overall Gliptin franchise and we hope to build more market 
share from what we have done today. And we're seeing some 
good opportunities. So, time will tell whether if we can take up 
further opportunities for the coming year. But overall, it will be a 
meaningfully good product for us over the next three to five 
years.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Right? So, will Sitagliptin go generic before that? I mean, I'm just 
wondering whether you would have a window of five years to 
scale this up.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It will go generic before, but we have a long-term contract which 
will not get renewed till five years.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, understood. And, and the second one, I wanted to check on 
vaccines. I mean, it seems, you know, you talked about it FY27-28 
timeframe. Any update on that, especially on the export side that 
you can share?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think we are on track for that period of time. There are 
three aspects that are important for our success. One is, pre-
qualification of the facilities for the three vaccines. The second is 
the clinical trial completion at different stages and for post pre-
qualification, to make sure that we can achieve that in that 
timeframe. And once we're able to achieve those two, then 
obviously is to participate in the public tenders that come up in 
FY27. So, we are on track to do that. No immediate hiccups, and 
at least on the PQ and other things we're going on a positive 
direction now.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
So this is fiscal ‘27 or calendar ‘27 when the tenders come up?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Ideally, it will be more fiscal ’28. Calendar ’27, fiscal ‘28.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood. Okay sir, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Requesting attendees to raise their hand for further 
questions. The next question is from Kunal. 
Kunal: 
Thank you, sir. So, one on the ALS, for which we are doing the 
clinical trial for ZYIL1. If you could provide some colour on the 
disease landscape in terms of number of patients, potentially 
current treatment lines, and where are we planning to 
differentiate?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think more detail, I would definitely request Arvind to give 
you specifically. But on broader side, today, there are no critically 

 
16 of 19 
 
approved treatments for ALS. ALS is one of the classified orphan, 
rare diseases that exist. So, there is a sizable population of 
patients, both in India, if you look at it from a home market point 
of view, or obviously in US and other countries. So, a highly unmet 
need exists for patients with ALS. As you know, the lifespan is 
meaningfully only two to three years or less or around that 
period. So, it is a very debilitating disease. And as I said, with 
currently no class of treatment that is very effective, we see a 
good opportunity for Usnoflast in this area. Our Phase II trial 
recruitment is over. And if everything goes well, if we see good 
data and good blood barrier penetration, this will move into a 
rapid Phase II(b) or Phase III directly from a global program point 
of view. So, we are quite excited. I think the timeline for this trial 
would be shorter because of the need and the endpoints. So, it 
looks good in terms of a speedy development timeline for this 
drug, if we are able to meet the critical endpoints and the safety 
margins that we are required to do so.  
And as I said, this therapy class has a broader opportunity in any 
motor neuron disorder. So, ALS is our first target. We will 
continue to explore Parkinson's as the other indication. And then, 
there are some other opportunities beyond that. But currently we 
are focused on these two indications. 
Kunal: 
And one on the Saroglitazar. I think we had got some FDA voucher 
of… I think, fast-track designation or orphan drug designation. If 
you could remind us what that is and how that helps us in terms 
of development timeline or the exclusivity?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we do have both those status. I think we don't have a voucher. 
Voucher you achieve when you get full approval. And then, if you 
still maintain both of those things, then you get a voucher. But I 
think voucher is not something that we are built in for right now. 
But we do get expedited review depending on the competition at 
that point in time and how many drugs are approved. So, I think, 
coming next financial year, we can give you more update once we 
file the NDA to suggest whether we are still in. We are definitely 
in the orphan space, but whether we are also in the fast-track 
space or not. 
Kunal: 
Sure, sir. And any update on our recent compliance issues at Jarod 
facility? How are we planning to tackle it? Have we submitted 
more detailed CAPAs or have we kind of onboarded some 
consultant to resolve those observations?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I think we're taking it very seriously to make sure that we 
address the concerns. So, as a first step, we have obviously done 

 
17 of 19 
 
the response to the FDA in terms of the remediation that we have 
done and continue to do. The second aspect is to request the FDA 
for a meeting to talk about our long-term plan with both these 
sites, which we hope to do over the next quarter. And post that, 
we can keep you more updated to see how do we tackle the 
observations at the site. But we are working very closely to do so 
and we'll keep you updated if we have any more updates on that.  
Kunal: 
And are there any compliance-related expenses already baked 
into our Quarter 1 number?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, right now, we are not using any external faculty. So, currently 
we don't have any external expenses. But whatever has to be 
built in, has already been built in.  
Kunal: 
Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin.  
Nitin: 
Hi sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sharvil bhai, on the US 
business, this year, obviously, because of the Revlimid, as well as 
Mirabegron playing out the way it is playing out, and next year, 
we still have meaningful Revlimid tailwinds for us. Now, I mean, 
when you look at the US business, say FY27 onwards. I mean, do 
we have enough drivers in the business to really grow on the top 
of the high base that we'll end up creating in ‘25 and ‘26?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, we do still have a good amount of pipeline of 
products to come through. Second, as I said, we do have some 
settlements which allow us sole exclusive launches in the years to 
come, which are meaningful. And so I think between the portfolio 
and exclusive launches, we do see an opportunity to continue to 
do well. And as I said, on the base business, we will continue to 
grow. So, we hope to continue to do that with the new launches.  
Nitin: 
Thanks. And secondly, in the past, you've talked a bit about your 
plans for a) injectables and b) transdermals. So, if you can just 
give us a little more update on where we are on a complex 
injectable plans and on the transdermal launches?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think in transdermals, I think we are still couple of years 
away from full scale up. So, I think that business will continue to 
get built. On the injectables front again, I think most of our drug 
device kind of products are a few years out. So, nothing in the 
short term that we see. Many of these are more than a couple of 
years down the line plans. Transdermals is more nearer, but 
injectables is still a couple of years out.  

 
18 of 19 
 
Nitin: 
Okay. And secondly, on the India business. We've had a pretty 
good growth in this quarter. I mean, we have seen a meaningful 
pickup coming through in this business and improvement in 
momentum over the last few quarters now, as you've been 
highlighting. I mean, over this period of time, has there been a 
proportionate or meaningful increase in that domestic business 
profitability also, qualitatively?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think with the double-digit growth that we have delivered, 
we have seen good improvement in profitability also. And as I 
said, our sort of critical growth booster brands and key launches 
are now more than 45% plus of our business and growing very 
fast. So once that business becomes 60-65% of our overall growth 
driver, we will continue to see this strong momentum on growth.  
Nitin: 
So, when you look at the next two years for the domestic 
business, what kind of market outperformance should one look 
forward to?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think we do expect to do better than market and register double 
digit growth.  
Nitin: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Alok.  
Alok: 
So just a question which is pending on Asacol HD. Any update on 
that? Anything on the competition side?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think we still build for competition in this financial year. We 
were assuming there was some competition coming, but we 
haven't seen it yet.  
Alok: 
And as per your intelligence, what is keeping the competition 
away?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think it's a difficult product to develop. So, we took quite a while 
to do it. I guess people are also struggling.  
Alok: 
Okay. And for the US for this year, how many new product 
launches are being planned?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
25 plus.  
Alok: 
Okay. All right. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Tushar.  

 
19 of 19 
 
Tushar: 
Sir, just firstly on generic Vascepa. How has been the scale up in 
this product? Are we now to the run rate where we expect to be, 
or we are yet to reach that stable run rate?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we are far away. We will require, I mean, right now it's not at 
the run rate that we expected because of the capacities that 
we're not able to get from our partner. But meaningfully, I don't 
think anything in this calendar year can happen.  
Tushar: 
Understood. So, is the capacity constraint on account of the 
regulatory issue at the partner's side, or the capacity build up 
itself is going to take much longer?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The capacity build up. And pricing is very poor. So, we don't want 
to do it at this pricing.  
Tushar: 
Understood. Sir secondly, just a clarification on EBITDA margin 
guidance of 28-29%. we are already at 29%. But this quarter was 
heavy both in terms of, let's say, Revlimid and consumer wellness 
compared to say the four quarters of FY25. And subsequently, it is 
going to be again, the fourth quarter to be of such kind of 
phenomenon. So still 28-29% guidance? Is it possible to call out 
other niche products in FY25, which can help sustain such kind of 
profitability apart from…? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
Last year, we achieved 27.5%. And our current guidance update 
for this year is about 100-150 basis points, better than FY24.  
Tushar: 
Understood. And as the earlier participant was asking, this is 
considering Asacol HD competition. So, if that doesn't come true, 
we have scope to further improve the margins.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Tushar: 
All right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Tushar. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, on behalf of Zydus Life Sciences Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may 
now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
