Date: 7th August, 2024 
The General Manager
The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department 
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,  
Limited 
Rotunda Building
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers       
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249
NSE Symbol: KSB 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
In continuation to our intimation dated 29th July, 2024 and 02nd August, 2024 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held and 
participated on 02nd August, 2024.  
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
Shraddha Kavathekar 
Company Secretary 
Mail to 
: 
 (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. 
(India) Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000  Fax : +91 20 2742 6000   Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office :   Office No. 601,  Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg,  Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91  (022) 2168 1300 
Zonal Offices 
:   Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA 
CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635 
SHRADDHA 
KAVATHEK
AR
Digitally signed by SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=411037, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, street=PUNE, l=PUNE, 
o=Personal, 
serialNumber=7865c362f8bd8d6414ed7e1866bf0
16e9cfc9c20ae0cad7543911710f41202dd, 
pseudonym=4b8f0dcc89864fad92514bca0f35d01
8, 
2.5.4.20=30573d99a72dc3a3583a9b68803a636d6
3f096c220cf69765a12605a5792a1f5, 
email=SHRADDHA.KAVATHEKAR@KSB.COM, 
cn=SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2024.08.07 16:15:49 +05'30'

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 1 of 29 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Shraddha Kavathekar - Company Secretary 
 
Presentation 
 
Unidentified Participant: Welcome all to KSB Institutional Investors Meet of KSB Limited 
today. KSB is one of the world's leading manufacturers of industrial 
valves and pumps. Today with us, we have on the dais, Mr. Rajeev 
Jain, Managing Director and Mr. Mahesh Bhave, Chief Financial 
Officer and Ms. Shraddha Kavathekar, Company Secretary. Thank 
you and welcome. And over to you sir for your introductory 
comments and then you can have a Q&A. Thank you. Welcome. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Good morning all. We start with the cautionary statement regarding 
forward-looking statements. This presentation may contain certain 
forward-looking statements relating to the company's future business 
developments and economic performance. 
 
Such statements may be subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, 
and other important factors, such as but not limited to competitive 
pressures; 
legislative 
and 
regulatory 
developments; 
global 
macroeconomic and political trends; fluctuations in currency exchange 
rate and general financial market conditions; delay or inability in 
obtaining approvals from authorities; technical developments; 
litigations; adverse publicity and news coverage, which could cause 
actual developments and result to differ materially from the statements 
made in the presentation. 
 
The company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-
looking statements whether as a result of new information, future 
events, or otherwise. So, today, we are going to cover, this is the 
agenda, the organogram, the KSB location, overview of KSB, 
highlights of quarter two, 2024, top 10 customers, order intake details, 
financial details, and ESG initiatives. 
 
So organogram, you can see Mr. Rajeev Jain, who is with us today, 
Managing Director of KSB Limited, myself Mahesh Bhave work as a 
CFO and DTC Head, we have Mr. Mohan Patil as HR Head, Mr. 
Prashant Kumar as Sales and Marketing Head, Nuclear Operation is 
headed by Mr. Nitin Patil. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 29 
 
Valves, our Coimbatore factory that is headed by Mr. Raja, Quality 
Head is Mr. Philip, and Mr. Seshadri heads PMPS, that is Product 
Management, Shraddha who is with us, she's Company Secretary. 
 
Mr. Sunil Bapat, who heads Standard Agriculture & Solar as well as 
foundry. SupremeServ is headed by Mr. Rajesh Kulkarni and Mr. 
Mukesh Pattewar, who heads the Contract Management. So this is the 
senior team, what we have. Moving ahead, we have, you can see on 
the screen that KSB Limited, this is established in 1960 headquartered 
in Pune. 
 
And having a six manufacturing plant, six service stations, 350 plus 
service centres, I mean the dealer networks and 22 warehouses. We 
have four zonal offices, 14 branches, and around above 1,100 plus 
dealers. We also have a MIL Controls, which is our associate 
company, which is located in Kochi, which is into manufacturing of 
valves. 
 
KSB Tech Private Limited is another associate company, which is into 
engineering services and IT enabled services for the group as a captive 
service provider. And we have a Liaisoning office in Bangladesh. So 
this is a overall group companies. EPD, our Energy Pump Division in 
Shirwal, you can see the photograph. And last year, we have 
integrated our new admin building, in this state-of-art plant, which is 
located in Shirwal. This is the flagship plant, which is we call 
irrigation and pumps process division, which is in Pune. 
 
And the inside view of the Pune plant, mainly Pimpri plant. We also 
have at Chinchwad, which is again in Pune, which is into a 
SupremeServ that you can see the photograph, which is a Supreme's 
Excellence Centre Academy, what we have for the training and 
development. This is the central warehouse, which is located again in 
Chinchwad. Standard pump division in Sinnar, Nashik which is 
mainly into manufacturing of standard and domestic pumps. You can 
see the inside view of our Sinnar factory. This is the kind of overview 
of the factory. 
 
Valves division, in Coimbatore. The inside view of the Valves factory 
in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. We spoke about MIL Control, which is 
the associate company in Kochi, and this is the inside view of MIL 
factory. KSB Tech, we discussed, this is a state-of-art design centre 
catering to the whole group worldwide into engineering service 
support and IT service support. This is located in Pune City. This is a 
photograph where we inaugurated, renovated our Jaipur sales office 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 29 
 
recently. So, moving ahead, on the application in various sector. So 
first is energy. KSB Pumps and Valves ensure energy efficient and 
reliability, helps to achieve optimal performance and safety in power 
plants. So products include high pressure multistage pumps, FGD 
pumps, GGC valve and ball valves, and applications are FGD 
hydrocarbon services. 
 
Industrial sector, variety indeed in the spice of life as it is in the case 
of our pumps, end suction pump, process pumps, non-clog pumps, 
high pressure multistage pumps confirming API 610, I mean 610, 
GGC, and ball valves. Applications, oil and gas, sugar, paper and 
pulp, thermic fluid, process application, hydrocarbon services. 
 
Next sector is irrigation sector. Optimised product from a specialist for 
the entire water cycle, what we call. Products are submersible 
pumpsets, openwell monobloc pumps, mini-monobloc pumps, 
dewatering pumps, solar products, GGC, and ball valves. Applications 
are into irrigation, farmhouses, drinking water supply, etc. 
Wastewater, clean solutions. Products are submersible motor non clog 
pumps, horizontal non clog end suction pumps, GGC, and ball valves. 
 
Application, various types of municipal and industrial wastewater, 
sewage, effluent, transport and treatment, storm water, drainage, and 
dewatering. Construction. So in all solution, always represent a sound 
foundation upon which you can build. Hydro Pneumatic system, fire-
fighting pumps, listed as well as non-listed, HVAC pumps, panel for 
primary and secondary, and the applications are fire-fighting, HVAC, 
pressure boosting, water transport, and drainage. 
 
SupremeServ, so it is a decentralised customer centre setup supported 
by lean and efficient processes, dedicated sales management, and 
spare part repair field services. So what it covers is basically service, 
spare business, and of course, the modification, replacement pump, 
footprint pumps, etc. 
 
Moving ahead from applications, this is the highlight and low light for 
quarter two, 2024. So good growth in distillery and vegetable oil 
sectors with prestigious orders. Valves division achieved highest sales 
in quarter two, highest order intake for H1. TSG Regulation Audit has 
been carried out by CESI Agency for China export market for valves 
without any major observation. 
 
Added spare parts of more products, that is MEGA and 
MEGACHEM, to E2E workshop, web shop in continuous efforts to 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 29 
 
enable online ordering for all our product and spares. So this is a web 
shop what has been there added actually. Approval of KSB 
mechanical seal by our major customers. So these are the highlights. 
Moving ahead, top 10 customers. So you can see, not much of a 
difference. The only difference can be a solar business, which is added 
our customers. 
 
So Thermax, the PSU's like HPCL, BPCL, dealers like Rushabh, 
Pooja, Patil. And as I said, Dakshin Gujarat company for solar and 
Maharashtra Energy for solar. IGSEC continues to be in the private 
sector and Toyo Engineering. 
 
Order intake. So this is domestic plus exports in INR Mio's. So order 
in hand without nuclear, you can see a very robust steady order on 
hand, ₹11,948 million. This is YTD June 24. Export performance, this 
you can see, 24 YTDs around 11%, and we hope to maintain the ratio 
of 15%. This is a pie chart which is showing a sector wise percentage 
of orders. So more or less you can see the standard pumps, we have 
grown from 42 to 52, engineered pumps, you can see a reduction 
because standard pumps is on a more growth path. 
 
Valves is more or less steady. Financial, I mean the numbers are 
already with you. This is only on net financial position, which is 
substantially improved. You can see from ₹2,746 million to ₹3,152 
million as of YTD, June '24. Inventory, also there is a good 
improvement, good reduction to control the working capital as of end 
of June '24. So we end up at ₹5,636 million. And receivable, we end at 
₹4,896 million. 
 
Revenue from operations, you can see YTD June, we recorded 
₹11,902 million, profit before tax, six monthly, we recorded ₹1,483 
million again which is a good maintained and improved, you can see 
from the numbers. Some of the ESG initiatives, so downtrend 
observed in almost all environmental parameters like electricity, 
diesel, LPG. So you can see 50% reduction in KSB India Scope 1 
emission in H1, 2024 and 29% reduction in Scope 2 emission, that is 
H1 2024 which is a very good, kind of development. 
 
We have Idea Management. These are the highlights where employees 
use idea for saving and process improvements etc. So 927 ideas and 
saving, you can see ₹4 million plus saving, and around 416 employees 
contributed to this. Some of the highlights, idea campaigns and 
training sessions. Again, they give distribution events for idea 
management. So some of the photographs. So this is again a group 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 29 
 
captive solar project update like we discussed last time. Construction 
work is completed. You can see from the photographs. 
 
Obtained work completion reports from all the relevant authorities. 
And onsite pre-commissioning test for the transmission line, pooling 
substation, and remote end GSS Bay are ongoing. So, we expect to 
conclude this by mid of August. These are some of the events we have 
All India Dealer Conference, this is 2024, this time in Kochi, Kerala. 
And, the dealers who are our partners, who are instrumental in 
growing the standard business. So all the top dealers, they have 
participated. 
 
And this is also Mr. Chairman, Mr. Swarup who has also attended 
this, conference. Yeah. So Valves Dealer Meet in Chennai. Some of 
the photographs and we of course had a West Zone Sales Meet. Some 
of the exhibitions, KSB Agri Intex Expo, which happened in 
Coimbatore. So this is one of the premier agricultural trade fair held in 
Coimbatore in July this year. 
 
Chemtech Expo, which happened in Mumbai, Bombay Exhibition 
Centre and there we showcased our latest pump technologies, 
including the product range, what is mentioned here. So, these 
photographs, where our KSB U.S. Managing Director, Mr. Luis, who 
visited and he's the President of KSB North America. And he came to 
visit India to leverage collaboration between the two nations. So these 
are some photographs of his visits.  
 
Success story, we're very proud to share this success story where KSB 
Shirwal plant Energy Pump division was credited with the 
distinguished ISO 19443 2008 Certificate. So the certification is KSB 
is becoming the first company in Indian pump industry to earn this 
accreditation, and the certification encompasses the development, 
production, marketing, and servicing of pumps, ancillary components, 
and system for nuclear applications, specifically for product systems 
classified as ITNS. So the Important to Nuclear Safety. So, thank you. 
That's it on the presentation, and then we move to a question-and-
answer session. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Kunal: 
Thank you. Good morning. This is Kunal from B&K. My first 
question is relating to the growth that we have seen in the first half. 
I'm not referring to even the first quarter, the second quarter. We've 
done about 10% growth, which seems to be slightly on the lower side. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 29 
 
So is it the capacity constraint that is restricting this growth or there is 
external factors especially on the domestic side that is leading to some 
weakness in growth in the first half? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think it's mainly due to some project orders, which could not be 
delivered due to constraints at customer end, maybe payments or their 
project delays. So we hope all that will be recovered in the second 
half. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay. And because, if I look at your order inflow, we've almost done 
equivalent to what we have done full last year, which essentially 
points to a very strong growth. So is it a fair assumption, that we will 
be able to deliver mid-teens kind of growth easily for the next few 
years? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. I think, our order booking is strong and we are targeting that we 
continue this growth, what we have achieved in the last seven, eight 
years. We want to achieve the similar growth in the coming years also. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. But capacity is not a constraint, right? We have enough capacity 
for this year and next year also to grow? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. We have enough capacity. As you know, we have bought 
additional land in Shirwal last year. We have two space still available 
yet to be built in our plant in Sinnar. We are building the last shed. So 
capacity is a continuous process of increasing, investing not only in 
the space, well as in the machinery also. We are replacing our old 
machines with better productivity or efficiency machine, multi axis 3-
axis, 4-axis, 5-axis machines. So all these actions are being done 
parallelly with the order info. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. My second question is pertaining to margins. While this quarter 
we saw margins recovered to 14%, last two quarters we had struggled 
and come down to almost 11% margins. We've also seen gross margin 
improved. So if you can highlight what was a leading to lower 
margins and now what is the gross margin level we should work with? 
Is this number that we have reported around 43.5? Is it a sustainable 
number? And is it fair to assume that some of the low margin project 
business that was dragging the margin down is more or less behind 
us? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think one should not evaluate on quarter-to-quarter. It does not give a 
true picture, because our business it depends a lot on the product mix, 
project business, standard business, aftermarket business. So if you 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 29 
 
look at year-to-year, we have been very consistent on an EBITDA of 
13%, 14%, and that is what we feel is our target in the long-term 
sustainable to maintain that. And, yeah. I guess quarter-to-quarter, it 
will always differ, depending on what share of business gets realised 
in that particular thing. 
 
But overall, it's a mix which will be continuously changing. And since 
we invest a lot into new business, new products, so that kind of 
development costs also get built in. When you bring in new products, 
you take new initiatives on market development. So the initial phase, 
of course, come with its associated cost, and that is basically for future 
till you get enough volume in that. 
 
So having said that, that continues to be there as a part of our present 
results. But in future, I think that will result into the growth, what we 
are planning. As I said, we want to continue this growth, and that 
depends totally on what we invest today in this products. 
 
Kunal: 
So, I appreciate the 13%, 14% range that we are talking about in the 
long-term. But we also historically have spoken about increasing the 
share of SupremeServ overall target is to bring it to 20%, 25%. 
Nuclear aftermarket is a high margin business. FGD aftermarket is a 
higher margin business. So once all of those lever start to play, is it 
fair to assume that we can even take this margin range up further? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I don't think so. Reason is the SupremeServ business is increasing, but 
that's always our other business is also increasing, the standard 
business. Plus, you mentioned FGD. FGD is not a very high margin 
business. 
 
Kunal: 
The aftermarket on FGD? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The aftermarket. Yeah. As the aftermarket increases, the margins will 
be better. But our Project business, the business for Oil and Gas, for 
Energy, these are very competitive business. And just few minutes 
back, I mentioned the investment in new product, new businesses 
which we do. Those development costs also are to be considered 
overall, because the growth is coming out of new segments also. And 
it could be Solar business, the investment which goes into Solar 
business, the investment which goes into mechanical seal business. 
 
So these are the investments which are a good part of our present day 
development costs. And so that increase in the SupremeServ business 
compensates all that, so that we can maintain that healthy things. And 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 29 
 
Nuclear business, whenever it comes in the sense that, hopefully, next 
year, the first few orders will have those associated costs due to the 
whole process of the development. Once it settled down in the future 
years, I think that would have a better product mix for the company. 
 
But in the near future, I would say in the next one, two years, I would 
say a stability of 13%, 14% is a fair target for us. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. My last question, pertaining to the nuclear power order. So 
where are we in terms of order, sales booking there? This year we 
were supposed to book about ₹100 crores from nuclear power. Are we 
on track? Is there any further delay on that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Basically, this first two pumps or the first pump takes time 
because of multiple factors. So it's not totally in our hands. The site 
needs to be ready. The site and the site Gorakhpur, Haryana, has got 
delayed. So there is not much sense of urgency, but I don't say that is 
the main reason. The thing is also at the customer's end, the test rig 
has to be ready for doing the testing. So that work, since I basically 
say this is the first time all these things is being done. 
 
So many things, don't -- are not planned in that way and it new tests 
get coming up, new tests get added up. And it's fair, because we are 
making this pump first time 100% in India. And so even if there are 
not contractual requirements of testing, we need to honour that it's in 
the good for the company as well as the customer. So all those things 
are being accommodated. 
 
I would say, the order is progressing well. There is no hold up. It's 
only accommodating new requirements, new testing, as well as some 
kind of little bit delay in also setting up the test bed. But I expect all 
these things also to get over by this yearend latest, and we should get 
the sales revenue in the first half of the next year. That is what I would 
give from a present situation. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay. So, now we'll be able to book next first half, not this year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not this year. 
 
Kunal: 
Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I have a question. Which are the two, three sectors you are very 
bullish on? Because as you mentioned about solar, the government's 
Kusum Yojana is seeing traction for the last six months. Two, three 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 29 
 
players have done wonderfully. Their utilisation levels are going up. 
States like Maharashtra, Rajasthan are seeing traction. So how do you 
see solar playing, hydro playing, or any other sector that you think 
there is compression also, but there is a lot of ordering possible? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. You mentioned it. Solar is I think one of our also sectors which 
we are looking forward to. We entered the solar segment a bit late, but 
we have got a good progress this year. Already, we have achieved a 
sales turnover of almost ₹80 crores this year in this business as an 
integrator, mainly. And we hope to achieve a turnover of ₹150 crores 
in this business by this year end. So this is a good progress for us 
considering the fact that we just entered in the segment one or two 
years back. And the biggest advantage is that we have already 
supplied 1,600 systems in this thing, and that entails us to be qualified 
on our own strength. And so we can participate in our own capacity in 
the future tenders, which are expected in Assam, in Maharashtra, in 
Punjab, all those areas. So we are well prepared there. 
 
We see this market growing much faster than the other segments. And 
that learning curve, what we had this year, I think it should be almost 
complete in this year. So and once that is done, then maybe we will 
focus a lot into our local value additions, manufacturing to increase 
the local content, and that will also bring our competitive situation 
much better. 
 
So, on that front, I would say work is being done in parallel to 
manufacture our own controllers and other accessories. So this should 
happen in the early part of next year. The prototype testing, everything 
should be finished this year, and we could release it by the end of the 
year. 
 
So Solar segment is definitely something which we are very optimistic 
on. Other segments, as you know, KSB is well present in all segments. 
I would say, if you have to list it out, I would say water, wastewater. 
Wastewater is a very important segment. When I meet customers and 
the kind of investment and the projects going on in this segment is 
quite encouraging. They say only maybe 10% of the effluent, what we 
waste we generate, we treat in India. So the scope of this business is 
quite high. 
 
And we have developed products, our submersible motor pumps and 
also the other application pumps in this segment. So wastewater 
treatment and sewage treatment, I think this is another sector which to 
us is a very good growth, which we are looking at. The building 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 29 
 
service market, that infrastructure development, the investment in 
infrastructure. So all those segments are going to bring us a good hope 
for the coming years. 
 
Otherwise, KSB, as you know, we are present in all segments. Better 
is energy, oil and gas, industry. Industry has been our forte for long. 
So in those segments also, we did well in the distillery. Distillery, of 
course is a bit slowed down, but continuing. Pulp and paper, there we 
are focused. So I would say all segments are looking, quite okay, but 
if you were to single out someone, I would put it as solar, I would put 
it as wastewater, and to an extent building services also. 
 
Apart from, of course, the project business always has its ups and 
downs, suddenly. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Thank you. So given our late entrained solar, safe to assume 
that the margins would be lower for the next 1, 1.5 year there? 
Margins would be lower in solar given our late entry competition. So 
the next 1, 1.5 year, the margins would be lower for solar? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I don't think so. The margins are, of course, lower relatively compared 
to our Product business, because in this business more than 50% is 
bought out. Our own value addition may be 25%, 30%. But having a 
good volume gives us a chance to also have good partners, good 
supply chain. So I don't think margins would go down. In fact, we are 
aiming to make it better with having the supplies done, having the 
experience gained, and doing more of localisation or in house 
manufacturing. 
 
So that is our goal to improve the margins with improvising our 
supply chain as well as increase localisation. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
This is Sagar. Just going follow-up on Kunal's question on nuclear. So 
just wanted to understand if there are any contractual liabilities, which 
could come to us in, because of the delay in supply of this to us? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The contractual delivery the delivery period official contractually was 
April, May this year. So which we are in discussion with NPCL for 
extension of delivery due to all these reasons, which I mentioned, and 
that will be done mutually with them. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But there is a risk that in case if they do not agree to? 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 29 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. That risk is always there. I would not term that as a high risk. It 
would be a low risk for in my opinion. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Got it. And my last question would be on the SMR, 
Government of India in the budget spoke a lot about SMR. So what 
are your thoughts on that? And can that be a very big opportunity for 
us? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. For KSB, yes. KSB in SMR, you know our group is very well 
much ahead, and in fact on the brink of booking a good order for 
SMRs for supply to, in fact, U.S. also. So that SMR technology for 
pumps and all is very much available in the group KSB. And of 
course, we here in India would have access to that knowhow and 
technology once this becomes to that level or developed here in India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But that's different from the pumps that we supply to the nuclear? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That will be totally different than the pumps we supply. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So nobody else has that, in India. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Maybe others have it. I'm not sure internationally. People may be 
having it. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But domestic, in like, domestic competitors? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I'm not so sure. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Sorry. Just last question on the green hydrogen part. The 
last time, I think you mentioned that green hydrogen also, we would 
be developing the pumps for that. And, this year, you are expecting 
some revenue booking from this year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
We have started that revenue booking. It is low because the market as 
in India is also growing gradually for that. So we have already booked 
orders in the range of small orders in the range of ₹50 lakhs to ₹1 
crore. These are specifically no new pumps, basically. They are pumps 
from our existing range, which we have developed locally. And only 
these pumps have some special treatment and special quality 
requirements, which are established by our group and then we follow 
that requirement for the customers, international customers also 
locally. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 29 
 
So this segment also, we have elaborate product range. We don't need 
to develop today per se. We are developing small products. It's like the 
magnetically driven pump, Bloc type versions and things like that. 
These are small developments which are underway. But having said 
that, I don't think we have any new product development on this. So I 
think whenever the market or the inquiries come, we will participate 
in all those enquiries. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And any sense on how big can the opportunity be for green? Like, 
India is talking about 5 million tons of green hydrogen. So in terms of 
pumps, what can be the opportunity? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The pumps, the opportunity will grow as the capacity and the install 
and the localisation will happen. But, the pumps are not big. The 
pumps used are small pumps here in those process. So if you compare 
to energy plant and a nuclear plant where you sell a pump for very big 
values, the values here would be much small. But of course, the 
volume would be much bigger. And the size of the business would 
totally depend on how fast we grow and implement all those CapEx 
and investments here in India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Sagar: 
Hi, this is Sagar from Phillip Capital. Can you share your thoughts on 
the export outlook in general, like in terms of the order execution, any, 
challenges that you're witnessing and any new launches that you plan 
ahead, that is one? 
 
Second on how is the progress on the new businesses like railways 
and fire-fighting pumps? Your thoughts on that as well. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Export is always a good opportunity for us because being a 
global company, having the global network, and having a good cost, 
production sites here. So that is continuously an endeavour by us. 
Recently, we are taking initiatives to go, sell our submersible borehole 
pumps in the African market. That's a new initiative which we are 
doing. We are participating in a lot of energy projects, and we are 
successful in getting some projects in Greece, for example, and also 
one project in USA. So the group is taking a lot of initiative in 
developing this market overseas, and we are being preferred as a 
supplier for these energy projects. 
 
So these initiatives are continuing, and I see a good possibility 
because we have a very comprehensive product range. It depends on 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 29 
 
how we are doing the marketing internationally, and that is with our 
new organisation based on segments. It is happening very well. We 
also booked a good valve order from Poland, which was booked 
partially last year. This year almost €4 million, so these opportunities 
are growing, I would say. 
 
Growing because, because of the organisation, global organisation and 
secondly, because of the product range which we are developing. And 
as you develop these references, the acceptability and the confidence 
also increases. So export will be continuously an opportunity which 
we will target everything. And it takes a lot of efforts in terms of 
quality, meeting the delivery requirements. And those are much 
tougher conditions than the domestic market. 
 
And our expectations on quality, surface finish, packing, delivery 
times, those are not comparable to what is expected from the 
domestic, even though we try to keep similar qualities and everything. 
Your second question was on the newer segments. Yes. Fire-fighting, 
I mentioned this all these new developments we are doing. Our plant 
in Pune has got qualified for FM as assembler. 
 
We are bringing in, FM and UL licensed products. We are under the 
stage of development, prototypes. So all those activities are going in 
parallel. We have already done some business of ₹25 crores in this 
segment in this year up to first half, which we want to double it. 
 
And, once we have the complete UL and FM range of products, I 
think, this business will definitely go up. Fire-fighting is a segment 
with awareness is growing, compliance is growing, and so I think this 
market will be huge and continue to grow in future. And other 
segments, yes, we are also participating in other segments. 
 
Navy, defence, we have got some orders where we were not 
participating. Pumps for submarines, pumps for Navies. LSA hygiene 
products, which we have started selling non-metallic pumps. These are 
small segments. What I intend -- what I want to say is that, we are 
looking at all opportunities, whichever we can fill the gaps and grow 
in these markets. 
 
Sagar: 
Railway pump business has started? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Railway has been good success. We made the breakthrough long-term 
contract with Siemens. These pumps are so critical. And following 
Siemens' example, we got also orders from ABB now. So the progress 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 29 
 
is well. And I think step-by-step for all the locomotives and Made in 
India, I think we would be a good supplier at least with the 
international players. So that is a business, which is doing well, I 
would say from today's perspective, and the growth will depend totally 
on how our customers grow and invest and succeed. 
 
Sagar: 
So I just have one follow-up question on my first question. In exports 
market, is there any product gaps which you would like to fill in next 
one year? Can you highlight that as well? Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Product gaps keep on happening in API product range, 
whichever products are still to be developed. We will develop that. So 
product development is a continuous process. It is happening, because 
the product range is vast and KSB has the complete basket of product 
baskets. And we are looking at the vertical turbine pump now. So 
there are many products. The list is exhausting, and those 
development is continuously happening. 
 
Nirav: 
Hello, this is Nirav from ASK. Would it be possible for you to share 
some insights on the pipeline that we have for thermal power? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thermal power? The coal? 
 
Nirav: 
Yeah. Coal fired. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Coal fired, I think you've seen recently there is boom in this coal fired, 
but maybe a bit unfortunately for us, there is only BHEL who is one 
who is successful as an EPC. All the other private EPCs, GE, Toshiba, 
Doosan, L&T, all they have not been so successful. So and BHEL 
makes their own pumps. So for us, the opportunity is not there if 
BHEL wins the contract. The only opportunity comes is FGD pumps, 
which we are the main supplier to BHEL. So for the coal thermal 
plant, I would say the opportunity for us is mainly on the FGD pumps 
and the small auxiliary pumps. 
 
Nirav: 
Adani Group is also quite aggressive in that space, and they have 
given only supply contracts to BHEL. So can we get orders from them 
as well? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. BHEL, when you give the supply there, as I said, BHEL makes 
the pumps. 
 
Nirav: 
The scope is mainly to the best of my understanding, limited to BTG. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Correct. But those pumps also are supplied by BHEL. Adani would 
not buy the pumps directly, I think. 
 
Nirav: 
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Mohit Surana here. Just wanted to ask 
about the nuclear power order. Last time you mentioned we have an 
order book size of around ₹1,000 crores. The first couple set of pumps 
that we have supplied, there's a delay. And you said next year, we'll be 
likely booking those. Also, what about the balance ₹900 crores? How 
much time will we take to book? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Those will be delivered over a period of two to three years. So '25 to 
let's say, '27, these deliveries would continue. Our order booking for 
nuclear is more than ₹1,000 crores. It's almost, ₹1,300 crores. We 
booked for Kudankulam as also an order. So that would go next year. 
So that would be a good sign. 
 
Next year, I think we should achieve a good sales revenue from 
nuclear, if all goes to plan because that project is on fast track, and 
we're getting a good support from the customers in expediting. So that 
plus the pumps which have got pushed to next year together would 
give a good healthy revenue from this nuclear business next year. 
 
But, based on the orders on hand, I would say they would go up to '27, 
But there are so many other orders on the pipeline which will happen. 
So for the next seven, eight, 10 years, there's a good optimistic 
pipeline of these business. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
So I just wanted to understand the timeline. So whenever a new order 
comes from a new nuclear power plant that is being built, will that 
take same amount of time that has taken this time? I mean, like the 
first set of pumps that will be delivered for a new nuclear power plant, 
will that take another two years for testing and then the whole 
process? I mean, because it will have different specifications. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It is very normal. Only the first time it takes that much time, that 
provenness. Once you establish the provenness, there's no reason to 
repeat that test again. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So this is the first time a pump is being made 100% in India. And the 
customer also wants to make sure, and when it is Made in India, we 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 29 
 
were reporting in Germany, they wouldn't have asked so many tests. 
They would accept it because it's coming from Germany. But now it's 
Made in India, there are tests which are being added because, not even 
in the contract, but it's fine for us. It's good. It also helps us to learn 
more. And we're going through that phase. And once we're done, then 
we'll be thorough 100% expert. But, the remaining things then 
automatically get solved. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. So just another question on the margin front. So your 
valves margin has, we have seen expansion in that valves margin. 
Have we reached the sustainable level of margins there or we can see 
further improvement or, if you can give some insights on that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think we have reached a very good level in valves. You remember 
valves was always a very, up and down. It was sometimes even in red. 
And today, it is at a level of double-digit, not even double-digit, 12%, 
13%. It's a good sustainable level because we have achieved that 
improvement in our supply chain, our internal process, and all those 
has been standard, standard layouts and a lot of internal 
improvements. And that process is being continued now. We are 
replacing old machines, trying to improve the productivity, where we 
used three or four manpower. We are going to do it with one. 
 
So all those improvements over a period of time, digitisation, the 
warehouse digitisation, the order processings digitisation, introduction 
of S/4HANA, all those things are happening. So, I think the internal 
efficiency will be there, and these margins definitely should be 
sustainable. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, so just one last question. If you can give some sense on 
the order book size potential from Siemens and ABB with respect to 
the locomotives order. So last time you mentioned it will be a long-
term order for eight to 10 years, which will also include the servicing 
component. So if you can give some sense of the order book process. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I will not be able to give any value on that. It may be a UPSI or it may 
be helpful to my competitors also. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, no problem. Thank you. 
 
Vipin Goel: 
Yeah. Hi. Vipin Goel from Mirabilis. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Yes. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 29 
 
Vipin Goel: 
Yeah. So I had question on this Kudankulam award that we recently 
won. So this was in May, I suppose, when the news was out. And in 
terms of the nature of the order, is it like usually different from the 
fleet mode reactors that we do? Because this was a part of the strategic 
type up with Russia and then we have a Russian entity as well. So is it 
like that something has changed on a strategic level? The 
nomenclature also has kind of changed from to a fast track from a fleet 
mode. So has the opportunity size or the strategy in terms of the 
tendering has changed? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think it's a different not comparable to what we have for heavy water 
orders for the NPCL. This Kudankulam order is completely different 
product range, specifications, different from a different customer. So I 
would not make a comparison of that. I think it's a separate order with 
separate specification, separate pumps. The difference is it's on a fast 
track. And as I mentioned, because those projects are got delayed, and 
there is a real push to finish that earlier. So that motivates us that there 
is some hope that this can be invoiced or turned into revenue next 
year. 
 
But in terms of execution of the orders, since it's a first time customer, 
we are going through that phase. But our first opinion is that there is 
urgency on both sides to speed it up. So and since it is first time again, 
though them understanding us, us understanding them, those issues 
will be there. So but at the end of it, ultimately, they want some pumps 
definitely next year. So they will also make that effort apart from us to 
make that happen. 
 
Vipin Goel: 
And does this change the overall opportunity size, the number that we 
used to mention ₹3,000 crores? So has that increased? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Could be. But I reserve the comment right now, because the time it 
takes to develop other segments opportunities. But in general, nuclear 
is a very big opportunity, I would say. It's not only about existing 
projects, Kudankulam light water reactors. It's about SMRs. It's about 
also smaller nuclear plants. Now to fill that energy need as I have 
understood that there is also a possibility of the smaller 250 megawatt 
and other plants being introduced to fill the gap in the meantime, 
which are very well established. All the engineering and the 
provenness is there. So that also could be an opportunity. 
 
So nuclear is a big opportunity in general, I would say. From every 
aspect, there is positive will and announcements and investments. It's 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 29 
 
only thing whether how fast we can implement it. That is the only 
question which comes to it. 
 
Vipin Goel: 
Suppose in today's newspaper also, NITI Aayog's ex-CEO had 
commented on inclusion of private into the overall system. So does 
that also change any of the moving parts for you or is it like that even 
if private gets involved, then there's a possibility of more MNCs 
coming in and setting up their own reactors, which will be on this 
SMR basis? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. I'm not sure about MNCs coming in setting up reactors, but 
private sector would definitely help. You must have also seen that 
other EPC contractors are being successful in the bidding recently for 
the Kaiga ones also. So, traditionally, what is happening is the 
business, NPCL does it, used to do themselves everything that they are 
now giving it as a lump sum EPC contract to bigger EPCs. So the idea 
is to speed up those process and the projects. 
 
So private participation and setting up, the intent is to have more 
partners, more players, and also speed up and increase the capacity. 
That is the basic intent. So we are also preparing ourself to be future 
ready. I mentioned that we have increased the capacity at our existing 
plants. We are investing in new machines, space, building up sheds, 
recruiting people because competency is very important, experts and 
people with knowledge are know how in this nuclear things. 
 
So all that is giving parallelly, because it takes time to develop that 
total overall competency. 
 
Vipin Goel: 
Sure. So just one last one on the solar piece. Do you record it under 
the standard pumps division or is it under the engineering pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Standard pumps. 
 
Vipin Goel: 
So is that also the reason why H1 has done relatively better? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Yes. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Yeah. Hello. So this is Digant Haria from GreenEdge. My question is, 
since 2019, Chinese competition has not been a problem for us or for 
the entire capital goods ecosystem. Do you now see any signs of 
Chinese activity happening especially in India in some pockets of 
pumps or not really? 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not really. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. Second question is on the BPCL acquisition that we did. It's 
almost 1.5 years now, so any colour you can give on how many 
designs have we actually localised and of the 4,000 installations which 
they already have how much have you been able to reach in terms of 
spare parts sales? Any such colour on that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So I'll paint that colour. We are very bullish on that acquisition, 
because they have a good install base 3,000, 4,000 pumps. And to 
develop, we got seven containers of drawings to convert these 
drawings into electronic forms. And then converting them into 3D 
models, converting them into patterns is hell lot of work, and that is 
what is being done. And apart from that, it becomes so satisfying if 
you are enlisted as the proprietary supplier in all the PSUs. 
 
So these are the successes, which we have gained in these years. It's 
not that we acquire and we start supplying the next day. I'm trying to 
explain how this whole thing is working. It took us a lot of efforts to 
be a part of the PSU's vendor list and as a proprietary vendor. In this 
year, we set a target of ₹25 crores, what we should get. 
 
And on half yearly, we are on track. We got our first order for 
reciprocating pump. Can you believe it? That we never have made 
reciprocating pump in our, and the customer gave the confidence, and 
we are building a completely new reciprocating pump. So this 
business has opened a lot of opportunities for us, and where we are 
very well on track, and we are going step-by-step, because it is a pump 
being made from scratch. It's only the drawing which we have. We 
have to make this drawing to a proper form, convert patterns, make 
patterns, find suppliers who can do those things. 
 
And the progress is very good, as I said. So it will be like our good 
profitable, sustainable long-term business for many years to come. 
And we are very fortunate, and along the way, you get a chance to 
develop some new products like a reciprocating pumps, and where 
you don't have say. So there are many other pumps, which we will 
develop, which even KSB does not have in its range. So that's 
matching your colour, I hope. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Yes. Thank you. And last question is on the valves division. What part 
will be captive? What do we sell outside to others? And is that part 
specially selling to outside KSB ecosystem? Is that a big opportunity 
for us or not really? 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 29 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sorry. Valves, captive means? 
 
Digant Haria: 
We use it for our own pumps. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Those are very small for those piping system. Let's say we give an 
API pump, you have those piping and small, small valves. So as far as 
possible, we try to use our own valves. But that is not a very big 
quantity compared to our total business, very small quantity. But we 
ensure that all pumps which go from KSB, have KSB valves installed 
on it. And so I would say captive in our internal market is very small. 
What was the second part of your question? 
 
Digant Haria: 
How fast is that opportunity growing, the non-captive part of the 
valves? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The valve is a huge market. So many players in that market. And, I'm 
very happy that we are growing. Valve has been a really true success 
story for us today. Last year we did ₹350 crores turnover. And on the 
same plant, which was for years doing ₹100 crores, ₹150 crores, with 
a lot of product basket, branded products also. So the opportunity for 
valves is huge, because there are very few good players, I would say. 
More is the smaller players, and the market is quite big. So I see the 
same, if not more, the same trend of growth continuing there. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Yeah. In early last year, you mentioned that foundry availability was a 
challenge for this division. That problem is solved, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That problem was a temporary maybe. So we are making our supply 
chain better to having two vendors developing two patterns. So we are 
making it robust so that we don't have such kind of issues. 
 
Digant Haria: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi. I have a follow-up on exports. We did mention that we have 
developed new product range for exports and we have also booked an 
order from Poland. So how does the relationship with the parent 
work? Are we allowed to bid directly for a lot of these orders or parent 
bids for these orders and we supply to them? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. It is a mix of everything. The decision for our participation in 
projects or business, the decision is with the parent company. So we 
have a supply chain metrics where it is identified which countries we 
can export, which we cannot. And the countries in which we cannot, if 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 29 
 
the opportunity comes up, the parent company refers to us in case they 
feel that the products from their side or any other location cannot be 
competitive, then they add our name, and they refer the enquiry to us. 
 
So it is all guided, balanced by our central department, so that there is 
equal loading of factory loading for all KSB entities in the global 
manufacturing. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But, from India, we are directly allowed to in the SAARC region, 
right? That we are allowed without the… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Only in Bangladesh and Nepal that is off. Sri Lanka is part of 
Singapore territory. Myanmar is a part of Singapore territory. So only 
what is under our responsibility is Bangladesh and Nepal and Bhutan. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, there were certain pumps which were technology transferred to us, 
BB3, BB5 and CHTRa. So how has been the update? How has been 
the offtake of those pumps from the global market? Point number one. 
 
Point number two, do we expect further technology transfers from 
parent to India, which will specifically will be manufactured in India? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. First question, BB3, we are quite successful. We've got good 
orders from Taiwan and other export countries. So that business is 
growing. It is good that we are developing references, and then this 
will allow us to participate in Indian market also. So we are satisfied 
that the initiative, which we took in developing BB3 that has given us 
good positive results. And, yes, transfer of technology, absolutely no 
question that the principles will support any of our request. Because in 
KSB, the advantage, of course, is there with the manufacturing site in 
India, which helps to can supply globally. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. And the second question is the pumps you are talking 
about from Siemens and ABB, is it for the local needs or is it for the 
global needs of Siemens and ABB? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think it's both, but mainly to the local need. Today, what they are 
doing for the big market which is growing in India, they are doing 
that. But when they enter a rate contract, we would never know where 
these things are going. I am presuming that it is mainly for the 
domestic market, because our domestic market itself is growing huge. 
But, I am also sure that once they have tested out in the local market, 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 29 
 
they have good references, then they would not mind using it in the 
exports market as well. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I understand the Siemens part for the locomotive, but where does a 
pump will help ABB? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
ABB is also in the same locomotive market. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Okay. Sure. And the next question is on the FGD. How 
much ordering we can expect on the FGD side, since we have a 
dominant market share? How many pumps are yet to be tendered out? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think the most of it has been ordered out so far based on the, if you 
ask me, maybe it's already 70% has been ordered out based on the 
existing power plants, which had to be done. The remaining would be 
ordered out in the next two, three years mainly state governments 
once. But the good opportunity would come in the new power plants, 
which are going to be built in the next five years. So that would add a 
new FGD plants. So I think, maybe in a two year, couple of years' 
time, this market would again grow depending on the implementation. 
Now the future growth depends on how fast these coal power plants 
are implemented. So far, it was for the existing sites, which was 
easier, because you have to just put a FGD plant but setting up a 
whole greenfield project would be much longer. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. And just last question from my side is on the sorry -- lost 
my chain of thought. Sorry. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. Yes, please. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Can you talk about opportunity for river linking and the flood control? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, flood control, we are studying a possibility of rental business. We 
are studying the possibility of developing a rental business, which is 
under consideration, those which can be mounted on trucks and can be 
taken to different locations, a self-contained system. So those under 
our thinking. But other than that, for normal flood control projects, we 
have the necessary pumps. We have those motorised pumps which we 
have supplied to Kolkata Municipal Corporation, where those are 
submersible pumps, Amacan type. So those product range are there. 
We are bidding for many municipal corporations, specifically in the 
Eastern zone. So that will continue on that. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 29 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Second is, basically, are we seeing some competition coming in the 
nuclear business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Maybe you know it better. Competition is always there. Competition, 
in any business is always there. So nothing new about it or nothing 
strange. Competition is healthy. It keeps us more efficient and 
improves our own efficiency. So I would make only a general 
response to your question. I think competition, we should expect 
everywhere. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I wanted to understand the service business. When we do the service 
business for projects, do we have the capability to remote control 
those pumps and, monitor the performance? And do we, like over a 
long period of time, do we keep that data with us to be able to help the 
customer to improve the performance of those pumps? And just want 
to understand this segment better, like how we? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Good question. I think this is where the service business is changing. 
Now we have developed products, which are mounted sensors, which 
are mounted on the big pump specially. And all the data is collected 
and given back to our head office. Head office means in Pune. And we 
have, people working around the clock who are monitoring this data 
and analysing this data. And if they find that the pump performance is 
deteriorating, for example, if the vibrations are increasing, if the 
temperature is increasing, we can give an alert to the customer that 
there's time for a change of a spare part or overhauling. 
 
So that all has started happening. And, this is the change which is 
happening in the industry that we have started offering the remote 
services. Sitting in our offices, we are monitoring their pumps at their 
locations. So this is something which is a change. And this is 
becoming quite common now. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, can we do it for other companies' pumps as well or we can do it? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Yes. Everything. Means, the devices are the same, and what they 
have to measure, the parameters are the same. So whether it is our 
pump or competitor's pump, it hardly matters. So it's possible. And in 
some cases, maybe we are doing that. But today, we have established 
a team of, in fact, three engineers who are setting it. And we're not 
doing it domestically. We're doing it internationally also for all the 
customers globally. And that's why we have two people working in 
shifts because of the time zone. And not only that, they also provide 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 29 
 
some solutions also, diagnosis as well. So this is the change which is 
happening in the service industry today. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
My last question is on valves. So could you give a like how big is this 
segment and what is our market share and which are the sectors, 
which really are the contributing ones for this business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It's very difficult to make a prediction, valves overall could be ₹20,000 
crores plus whatever because valve is a huge market. We are focused 
on the Gate, Globe, Check. Gate Globe check, domestically. And there 
our share is quite good, 8% to 10%, for the products which we have. 
But having said that, I think the market is so huge. Now we entered 
into ball valves. We're not manufacturing it, but we are partially 
assembling and labelling it. And that itself, that business is for us, 
around ₹70 crores. And the ball valve market is a huge market. So I 
would say opportunity is huge, but we intend to go in a gradual way, 
to grow this business. 
 
Because apart from growth, you need to also generate your capacity 
insight, where we have the plant. So I would just say that the market 
opportunity is huge for this. And there are I mentioned it, there are 
very few, good quality players. So it becomes a good chance for us to 
increase our share also there. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
If I may, one last small question. On the railways, you've talked about 
Siemens and ABB opportunity, and you're not able to share the total 
value because of the competition. But could you share like value of 
like a single train set? Like, what would be the? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You're coming around the same question in another way. These things 
are very confidential, the price information. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Usually, we talk about 1% or 2% value of pumps for any kind of 
project. So is it a similar kind of? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Could be. Could be. Normally, you're right. It could be 2% to 3%, the 
pumps portion in any refinery or any other projects, or similar things 
you can assume. Yeah. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So just a question on services business again. If you could just explain 
very basically, if ₹100 is a cost of a pump, over the life cycle of the 
pump, what is the service opportunity and over what time frame? Is it 
₹20, ₹15? How to think about the service opportunity for pumps? 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Service opportunity, more than service opportunity, the spare part 
opportunity. Service opportunity, the customer doesn't want to pay 
you for the service. He will say [Hindi Language] [1:07:40]. That is 
our Indian setup. The people don't want to pay for service. So you 
combine it with spare parts. Because, in spare parts, you cannot 
service. If I charge him ₹10,000 per day, he will not pay me that 
service. So to judge that, it is very difficult. And our span of life, we 
focus more on the spare parts, replacement, and that depends on the 
application. If it's a rough application, abrasive, corrosive, then the 
business opportunity like FGD. That's a huge opportunity. Means, you 
can recover the cost of the pump in two, three years, for example. 
 
But if it's a water pump or a chemical pump, then it may take some 
years to fulfil the 100% of the pump value, maybe five, six years. But 
if it's energy pump, boiler feed pump, then the pump runs, KSB pump 
runs for years and years and years. And the opportunity example, we 
supplied the pump NTPC barred 600 megawatt. And the opportunity 
came after 10 years, 12 years. But when the opportunity came, it was a 
good value, similar like to this. So it varies from application-to-
application. It varies from the pump types and things. But whenever it 
is come, it is a good windfall of business for all of us. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So when we talk about taking this income from 15% to 25%, is it the 
existing stock of pumps that's why the life cycle is coming towards an 
end or it's like market share from other pumps, which have been not 
KSB pumps. How do we when we think about 15% to 25%, what is 
the math behind it or what is the framework behind it? That's what one 
was trying to… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The maths behind this is to take the business away from small players 
who are doing this business from pirated spare parts who are doing 
this business, because maybe we have not -- availability. Our delivery 
times can be long, so the customer is forced to go and take this from a 
pirated person in the market. It could also be from a competitor's 
pump where we try to replace. So there are a couple of factors. One is 
your increased install base. Your increased install base in a recurring 
spare part requirement, like FGD again I see. So that can be one area 
which gives us promise. 
 
BP&CL a pump which is highly engineered, which is prone to wear 
and tear, and which is very specialised. The customer will come to the 
proprietary, because it is related to the performance and engineered 
pumps. So that acquisition which we take helps us to give that 
confidence that it'll go from 15% to 25%. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 29 
 
 
Third important thing which you have all missed to ask me is about 
mechanical seal. We have gone into mechanical seal manufacturing. 
This market is huge market. Today we are doing, maybe business of 
₹15 crores, ₹20 crores, but this mechanical seal is the first item, which 
wears out in a pump. And we have added this mechanical seal in our 
portfolio. So this business is also going to grow exponentially. So this 
is going to be our aftermarket business. 
 
And the other regular business, which was being served by others, 
because of our non-presence, being in a passive mode, all those things 
we are changing. And lastly, competitor pump is always going to be 
there. That is always an opportunity if we are better than our 
competitors in terms of our response time, our competency, our 
knowledge and infrastructure. The customers would definitely prefer 
us. 
 
So this way, I'm not worried about 20% to 25%. I feel, on a group 
level we do 32%. But we have a lot of standard business in our 
portfolio, borehole pumps, which the customer doesn't repair, they 
replace it. So that get hidden. But if we achieve 15% to 20%, I don't 
see a risk at all or any questions in my mind. This is mechanical seals, 
BP&CL business, all the warehouse which we have made in our 
central, Chinchwad plant. Warehouse which we are doing now ₹100 
crores of standard business. Water pumps, where we used to take 14 
weeks, 16 weeks for delivery. They get it ex stock from the 
warehouse. So they have no reason to go to some other one and get an 
impeller made from this foundry or that foundry. So all that is a part of 
our SupremeServ business, apart from many other initiatives, which 
I've not talked about. So that gives me absolutely no in fact, I am very 
bullish on that SupremeServ business. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Two more questions. One is on the valves, you mentioned ₹20,000 
crore market. Pumps is a ₹20,000 crore odd market. How related are 
these two businesses? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Valve market is much bigger. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Much bigger? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Much bigger. I don't know whether pump market is ₹20,000 crores. I 
estimated it between ₹15,000 crores, ₹16,000 crores. Valve market 
can be ₹20 crores, ₹25 crores. I've just given an approximate figure. 
Don't, you may take the experts who do the analysis on this thing. But 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 29 
 
in general, if you have one pump, you have so many valves around it, 
so valve market is definitely bigger than the pump market. 
 
But again, it depends. There are in valves, you have very standard 
valves, throwaway valves, it's a big segment, so you have to see where 
you position yourself. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the last question is that it's a very fragmented market. Pumps is a 
very fragmented market. You have players from Coimbatore, Rajkot, 
all sorts of applications. Do you see a consolidation happening or this 
will remain a fragmented market? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think, it may remain as it is except that the quality or the level will 
improve over a period of time. This is what I expect as the customer 
expects also, because Indian market is a very price sensitive market. 
And slowly, slowly the acceptance or as the energy conservation gets 
that importance, the sustainability gets importance. So customers now 
are looking at the life cycle cost than the initial cost. So this awareness 
is improve changing. 
 
India has been traditionally a very price sensitive. And I mentioned 
about firefighting, the data awareness is increasing. Sustainability 
awareness is increasing. Even in our own plants, customers, we are 
doing energy audits to replace the pumps. So as the awareness 
increases, the pump suppliers who are all from small locations will 
also have a challenge to increase their efficiencies or their qualities. So 
I think that will happen over a period of time. Two, three decades 
back, this chunk was very big, but they have established themselves, 
the ones who survive long, and they come in the elite group of the 
pump suppliers also. So that happens, and that will happen in India. 
Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, one question on the Solar Pump business. What is your aspiration 
to on Solar Pump business? Can we expect this business to be 5 
billion, 10 billion over next two, three years, given that the 
opportunity is huge? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
$5 billion? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
₹500 crore. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
₹500 crores no doubt. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 29 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
What are the working capital requirements and challenges, and how 
are you managing it? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Working capital is a challenge, not like product business, but KSB is a 
very strong company, financial company, process wise strong. So 
[Hindi Language] [1:16:21] to bring it in the proper way. So working 
capital is definitely an issue. I fully agree with you that we can try to 
solve it by having our own manufacturer, local manufacturer. But 50% 
is that PV panel, whose prices are valid only for seven days, whose 
payment terms is only two weeks. [Hindi Language] [1:16:47]. That is 
all the challenges. So it depends on our efficiency [Hindi Language] 
[1:16:52]. That is also a challenge. And then fulfil all the 
documentation requirement and formalities of the government. So this 
is to improve our own internal process, but that challenge will be there 
compared to our product business, because we are supplying a system 
there. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
On the energy pumps, does the client gives you a combined order for 
the supply and O&M? Less the SupremeServ… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sometimes. Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sometimes. Is it happening more often? Is it do we think that 
changing? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Normally, [Hindi Language] [1:17:27]. We don't do a EPC kind of a 
turnkey job. [Hindi Language] [1:17:33] we have to replace a pump. If 
we go to our energy power plant [Hindi Language] [1:17:37]. So then 
they say you take a complete lumpsum turnkey job and do the whole 
thing. But when you give a new pump, they already have teams there 
at the site. So they only need our expert supervisor who will just guide 
[Hindi Language] [1:17:51] and that way it happens. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. 
 
Unidentified Participant: 
Yeah. Thank you. I think we've run out of time completely. I 
would request, Mr. Goswami to just thank the management and end 
the presentation. 
 
Unidentified Participant: 
Thank you. I think it is a very nice fantastic conversation on 
various business aspects. Really our pleasure and honour to host the 
top management of KSB Pumps. And we wish to continue this lofty 
tradition year-after-year. So thank you very much for excellent session 
today. Thank you so much. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 29 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you from our side also. You have been with very nice questions 
and inquisitive questions, and I hope we could have clarified most of 
them. Thank you very much. 
 
Unidentified Participant: 
Thank you. 
