PATEL 
INTEGRATED LOGISTICS LTD 
THE SYMBOL OF TRUST 
PILL:SEC:APR 24-25/48 
03 August, 2024 
To 
To 
BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
‘ 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 
- 400 051. 
SCRIP CODE: 526381 
SYMBOL: PATINTLOG 
Dear sir, 
Subject: Audio Recording and Transcript of Presentation on Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone) for the quarter ended 30'™ June, 2024. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the audio recording and transcript of the presentation made on 02 
August, 2024, on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone) of the Company for the quarter 
ended 30% June, 2024, is attached and also available on the website of the Company at 
www.patel-india.com The presentation concluded at 5:15 p.m. (IST) on 02" August, 2024. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully, 
For PATEL INTEGRATED LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Company Secretary cum compliance officer. 
CC to Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Registered office * Patel House, 48, Gazdar Bandh, North Avenue Ro: 
Tel (+91) 022 26050021 / 26421218 Website 
: www patel 
Santacruz (West). Mumbai, Maharashira, India 
- 400054 
com 
 CIN: L71110MH1962PLC012398 

Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH FOGLA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PATEL INTEGRATED LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. AVINASH PAUL – COMPANY SECRETARY – PATEL 
INTEGRATED LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI – PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Patel Integrated Logistics Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital India Private Limited. This conference call 
may contain forward looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involves risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you Laiba. Good afternoon and very warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for being 
on the call of Patel Integrated Logistics. We are happy to have the management with us here 
today for question-and-answer session with investment community. Management is represented 
by Mr. Mahesh Fogla, Executive Director and Mr. Avinash Paul, Company Secretary. Before 
we start with the question-and-answer session, we will have opening comments from the 
management. 
I will hand over call to Mr. Mahesh Fogla for opening comments. Over to you sir. 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Thank you Vikram and his team for adding this call. Very warm welcome to all who have taken 
the time out from their busy schedule to attend this call. Thank you once again for attending this 
call. Now let me read out a little financial number for the benefit of all of us. 
We have an income from operation for the June quarter of before the including GST of INR96.76 
crores and other operating income of INR12 lakhs. Total gross income from operation is 
INR96.89 crores. That is giving a growth of the 34.78 year-on-year increase in the percentage 
as compared to INR71.89 in Q1 of FY '24. This is the almost increase of revenue by 34.78% 
year-on-year. And so we have our focus on the turnover giving us these numbers and happy to 
inform all concerned for that. Traditionally otherwise this quarter remain tough for us compared 
to all other quarters of the year. 
However, we are able to achieve the turnover almost near to the INR100 crores. That is basically 
the team has done a remarkable job. Further, our total revenue after GST is 82.67 crores. Again 
that the expenses are operation cost of INR75.1 crores, employee benefit expenses of INR3.38 
crores, finance cost of INR45 lakhs. We have a continuous focus on reducing our interest cost 
and that helps us in now. I believe the lowest interest cost in the quarter in many years. 
Depreciation and amortization expenses are INR71 lakhs. Admin and other expenses are in line 
with the earlier quarter and it is actually INR1.57 crores. Again, the same quarter of the 
preceding year of INR1.56 crores despite the inflation and everything. So, this helps us due to 
our cost cutting or the continuous focus on the cost control measures help us in containing our 
admin cost. Total expenses due to this is INR81.14 crores. Again, the revenue of INR82.67 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 7 
 
crores giving us the profit of INR1.53 crores and that result in the EPS of INR0.24 paisa per 
share quarterly basis. So obviously again the EPS of INR16 paisa in the same quarter of the last 
year. So we had an increase in the EPS substantially by ideally almost by 50% increase in the 
EPS. Profit after tax increased by 47.71% year-on-year to INR1.53 lakhs compared to INR1.03 
lakhs in the same quarter of the last year.  
Our [inaudible 05:48] definitely also achieved due to our increase in sales volume by 12% year-
on-year to 14,535 tons is the volume for this quarter which is 12% increase compared to the 
same quarter of the last year. So we are very [inaudible 06:22] or hopeful that we will end this 
year with definitely with a very high growth despite the distant global geopolitical condition, the 
regulatory challenges which are there which I will also explain in the subsequent also. 
As we can see our PAT has been increasing year-on-year reflecting our strong performance and 
resilience among all the uncertainty whether the geopolitical regulatory all this. Further as we 
know people who attended earlier call know we have also the non-core real estate are there. So 
we are actively exploring opportunity to monetize our non-core real estate to further benefit our 
all stakeholders. That all are definitely there and at the same time let me come back to the 
numbers of the -- we have an [inaudible 07:29] segment also we give to the shareholders and the 
stock exchanges. So let me briefly explain the quarterly numbers of that revenue and the division 
wise numbers. 
We have for the co-loading of air freight division INR95.87 lakhs. Other than that we have 
INR1.02 lakhs up and this we minus the GST then we have of INR14.78 lakhs. Then net income 
or net sales from operations are INR82.11. We have giving that the next result before the interest 
cost we have a INR1.97 lakhs from the air freight division and the other division has a negative 
of - small negative of INR11 lakhs giving us a net figure of INR1.85 lakhs less finance cost of 
INR45 lakhs add interest income of INR12 lakhs.  
Profit before tax as we seen in the earlier we have a for this quarter INR1.53 lakhs profit 
compared to the same quarter of the last year of INR1.03 lakhs giving us the increase of 47.71%. 
We have assets deployed in the air freight division of INR124.96 lakhs and for the other division 
is INR61.55 lakhs basically the reality at the book value and again that liability is basically is at 
INR52.84 lakhs of the air freight division and other is the INR12 crores giving us net capital 
employed for the air freight division is the INR72.11 lakhs and other basically our reality 
division as a INR49 crores net figure at the book value, but definitely as we know also market 
value of the reality will be higher only.  
Further we are all can just now seen the union government budget which are given also the 
important to develop airport across various cities also in the Bihar also as we know and at the 
same time we are observing that airlines are also focusing on making the cargo as a separate 
division also. So that will give – this will give definitely help us in improving our business. If 
there is more and more trust from the airline for the cargo and being a company which is a pan 
India and we have a large ecosystem already in place all over India. 
So more and more cargo [inaudible 10:35] by the airline will give us definitely improvement in 
our business and help us in growing our business further. Another update I want to give to all 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 7 
 
the shareholders about our mobile app which is launched in the name of FreightPILL. We are 
already launched the mobile app now it is on the actual use only in many locations now in our 
company and this will make our operation paperless and probably in our area of operation we 
are the first to launch the mobile app in the name of FreightPILL. 
And as we all know that we are in the company has a non-core real estate also in the heart of the 
Mumbai many real estate in the heart of the Mumbai apart from the other places also and for 
that reason we are actively discussing with the many people to get the maximum benefits out of 
this real estate which are there. One that something because these are a big one and that is 
generally this type of thing takes time so the discussion going on but definitely we are hopeful 
in the very near future something on something gets finalized and we will be happy to inform 
all of you about our new benefit what we are doing and how we are monetizing our Real Estate. 
 
We are also not only try to depend on now the 38th June 2024 is over in the significance of this 
date is that now if we want technically we can go into our traditional roadway business also so 
there is a definitely internal deliberations are going on. At the same time we are not only want 
to depend we are going we are in the high growth air freight business at the same time as a risk 
mitigation measure and also for the benefit of all if something new come up which in our line of 
business only we will be looking for that also we are not we are looking for both organic and 
inorganic growth. 
 
We are in the of now definitely we are now the festival seasons are coming up starting from the 
independent day so we are expecting this quarter actually already doing will do well and 
subsequent quarter also will do well only by this I close my comment right now. Over to Vikram 
please. Hello? 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes sir. So we'll start with the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Vikram from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead sir. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Yes I think by the time question queue assemble. So sir if you look at last quarter we had a 
discussion about some tax refund is expected and even this quarter there was no tax provision. 
So how will be the effective tax for us going ahead or even on full year basis? 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Yes correct. Definitely the we are within the we do within the law only the tax planning and our 
tax refund not came as we are expecting because as you know, the all the tax department are 
getting more and more, I can tell you more aggressive or whatever language I don't want to do 
that language. So they want to more checking and all these are going on. 
 
As you know that yesterday also enforcers has got a GST notice. We also received some GST 
notice today only. That all is going on that I was talking about the regulatory challenges that 
only referring for that regulation good actually you pointed out to me. But look Vikram within 
the law we are a compliant company full compliant company and we want to be 100% compliant 
follow the rule of the law and within the rule of the law whatever the tax has to be paid we will 
pay but which is not required by the law we will not pay but which is required by the law or 
compliance we will pay. That's the way we plan our affair. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Understood, but as a full year basis broadly how much will be our effective tax as a percentage 
of PPT? 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Vikram, it is difficult to tell right now only for this point, but at the one or two quarter progress 
we will but at rest period, we will be keeping the interest of all the shareholders in mind and we 
will plan the affairs like that only, with the full compliance. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Understood sir. And with the sale of this Chennai land facility now we were looking for Pune 
location so any progress or development or what kind would be scope of activity at Pune 
location? 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Yes, it is progressing but at the same time we have not finalized any paper document as such till 
now. So we will not be able to comment much but definitely the discussions are going on I can 
tell you, but still there's some agreement of time which is very difficult to confirm the things are 
happening. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
But is the location is it finalized or… 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Location is zero on, but at the same time discussions and negotiations are going on then there's 
no challenge in the location as such, but discussions and negotiations are going on and which is 
beneficial to us we will do we want to very cautious also before taking any plunge, so that's the 
reason we are taking our entire focus cautious we look from all the angles, if it is more or less 
we become a nobody can predict the future, but if it's 100% from right now visibility is there 
and 100% confirmed then we want to plunge that the region is taking time. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Understood and if you look at our volume growth was pretty strong so can we get a breakup 
between say what was the volume for domestic in terms of tonnage and international for this 
quarter and last year same quarter? 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Yes, definitely same quarter compared to the same quarter of last year we have a last same 
quarter of last year we have if I talk about the domestic one is what can I give you the kg figures 
are ready with me for kg?  
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Okay. 
Mahesh Fogla: 
INR1,13,113,34,991 Compared to this quarter, we have achieved INR1,26,166,1763. So 
basically INR12,616, if we talk about tonnage. And the international also there is a jump is there 
if I talk about the -- in the tonnage only 1,629 or 30 you take a round figure 1,630 in the June 
quarter of last year. And in this in tonnage I'm talking about now and this quarter we achieved 
1,918. 
 
So overall if I talk about, we have a 12,964 in the last quarter of -- same quarter of the last year 
12,964 tonnage. And this year we have achieved that in this quarter we have achieved the 
increase in the volume by 12% giving us 14,535. So definitely there is an increase in the volume 
is there and as we can see the things which are going internationally, I think increasing more 
than the domestic but as the festive seasons are coming up, we expect the domestic also to pick 
up. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Understood. So our gross margin impact is also because of this mixed change or is there anything 
else because if you look at typically we used to do gross margin of 10%, 11% if you do the 
revenue? 
Mahesh Fogla: 
In this quarter it little bit come down only because of the product made international are doing 
more than the domestic and international there are margins are little lower. So it marginally has 
came down compared to the earlier quarter I'm talking about but overall definitely the sales have 
improved so overall margins have improved but in the percentage terms I have my gross margin 
percentage term is 0.5 % came down because of product mix nothing else overall. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Understood, but okay so there is no other reason apart from the product mix in terms of 
competition or something. 
Mahesh Fogla: 
No, in fact the average is like it's coming up only. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Okay and any update on right issue we have no BSE notice but just to follow up on that. 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Which BSE notice? 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
BSE notice on this rights issue. 
Mahesh Fogla: 
Yes,  rights issue that we have already got approval as you know also and just to inform to all 
concerned definitely this time it will not be at the par it will be at the premium only so it will be 
near we will be trying to more because we want to protect the interest of all the stakeholders so 
we don't want that a price get affected or other so we want we will ensure that it is more or less 
in align with market sizes. Yes, we are in the process of preparing the letter and all this one and 
at the right time definitely we will come out with that only but it's a very small issue just to tell 
you it's more like compliance measure than the right issue it will be only a hardly I think maybe 
around the INR40 lakhs to INR50 lakhs here not more than that. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Okay, we'll wait for more questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions I now hand the 
conference over to Vikram Suryavanshi for closing comments. 
Vikram Suryavashi: 
Yes, we thank the management of Patel Integrated for giving us an opportunity to host the call 
and taking time out for interaction with the stakeholder. Any closing comment from you sir?  
Mahesh Fogla: 
Yes, only I want to further update we also have every corporate or many not every corporate 
many corporates are receiving the GST notice. Today only we received the GST notice also but 
rest SEO definitely we will contest and our belief is that it's like more an officer want to keep 
the timeline in check and all that's why they are using the left right notice but we will not have 
any financial impact due to this. 
 
I just want to update to all concerns and definitely we will protect the interest of all the 
stakeholders and as you were mentioning we were all we were all geared up for the festive 
decisions are coming up and very hopeful that the things will improve further for us and for that 
reason. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Patel Integrated Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 7 
 
I want to give my season greeting to all of them because now from the independent day 15th 
August the festive season are starting wish all of them a very happy independence day then the 
Raksha Bandhan and Lohri festivals are coming up. Once again thank you all of you who 
attended this call from by taking time out of your busy schedule and giving an opportunity to 
explain our updates and explain our company's financial number to you as well as the other 
things to you. Thank you once again to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
