 
 
August 5, 2024 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2024  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on  
July 30, 2024, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended  
June 30, 2024, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2024.08.05 
13:22:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q1 FY2025 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: July 30, 2024 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram – Head Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, 
I welcome you all to the company's Q1 FY25 Earnings Webinar. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions once the 
presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Jitin Diwan, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would 
like to remind you that some of the statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide 3 of the earnings presentation for 
the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Avijit. Good evening everyone and welcome to 
IndiaMART's Q1 FY'25 earnings webinar. We have circulated our 
earnings presentation, which is available on our own website as well 
as the stock exchange website. We are sure that you would have 
gone through the presentation, and we would be happy to take any 
questions afterwards. 
 
I'm pleased to report that IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated 
collection from customers of Rs. 366 crores in Q1 representing year-
on-year growth of 14%. Deferred revenue has grown by 23% to Rs. 
1,474 crores on consolidated basis. Consolidated revenue from 
operations has grown by 17% to Rs. 331 crores. 
 
Unique business enquiries grew to Rs. 25 million representing year-
on-year growth of 15%. Our total paying suppliers have grown to 
216K. As we have been communicating since the last few quarters, 
we continue to see more than anticipated churn on the customer base 
in the silver bucket. In addition to this, our new supplier acquisitions 
were slightly lower this quarter compared to what we have been 
doing during the last few quarters. 
 
As a result, we have been able to add only 1.5K new paying 
suppliers on the net basis in this quarter. On the other hand, our 
Platinum and Gold customers, which constitute approximately 50% 
of our customer base and 75% of the revenue continue to have low 
churn and grew very well in terms of both ARPU as well as count. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
We will continue to make investments and undertake measures to 
enhance customer experience and improve retention as well as drive 
deeper penetration of the paying customers in the focused cities. On 
the inorganic investment front, in keeping with the vision of 
empowering businesses digitally, we are pleased to share that we 
have got into an agreement to acquire 10% stake in M/S Baldor 
Technologies Private Limited, which operates IDfy, an integrated 
identity platform offering products and solutions for KYC, 
background verification, merchant onboarding, buyer onboarding, 
risk mitigation and digital privacy. 
 
Further, as communicated in the last earnings concall as well as on 
the stock exchanges, we have onboarded Mr. Jitin Diwan as the new 
Chief Financial Officer of the company. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh for the update on Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Busy has done a net billing of Rs. 
23.4 crores in this quarter, representing a Y-o-Y growth of 4%. The 
revenue from operations have grown by 15% to Rs. 15.5 crores. The 
deferred revenues have grown by 41% to Rs. 51.5 crores. EBITDA 
for the quarter is at Rs. 1 crore with margins of 7%. The net profit 
for the quarter was Rs. 3 crores. The cash from operations was at 
Rs. 11.8 crores. During this quarter, Busy has sold 9.7K licenses, 
closing at total count of 373K licenses at the end of June 2024. 
 
We are focused on growing our new customer base and increasing 
the overall growth rate in the coming quarters. With this, I'll hand 
over the call to Jitin to update about the financial performance. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. I will take you through the 
financial performance for the quarter ending June 2024. 
Consolidated collections from customers were Rs. 366 crores in the 
quarter, representing year-on-year growth of 14%. IndiaMART 
standalone collections from customers for the quarter were at Rs. 
341 crore registering year-on-year growth of 15%. The standalone 
revenue from operations stood at Rs. 315 crores registering year-on-
year growth of 18%. Our growth in revenue was primarily driven by 
over 13% improvement in realisation from paying suppliers and the 
remaining by increase in number of paying suppliers. 
 
Deferred revenues stood at Rs. 1,421 crores, an increase of 22% on 
year-on-year basis. EBITDA of IndiaMART standalone business 
stood at Rs. 117 crores, representing a margin of healthy 37%. This 
margin expansion is due to organic operating leverage, certain cost 
optimisation initiatives, and saving due to lower customer 
acquisitions. As our customer growth picks up, the margin 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
expansion will normalise to gradual operating leverage inherent in 
the business. 
 
Consolidated net profit for the quarter was Rs. 114 crores. 
Consolidated cash generated from operations was Rs. 136 crores. 
Consolidated cash and treasury balance stood at Rs. 2,319 crores as 
of June 30, 2024. Thank you very much, everyone. We are now 
ready to take any questions. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Thank you, Jitin. We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish 
to ask a question to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow 
camera and microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your 
question in the chat menu and we will revert on it. Please restrict to 
two questions so that we may be able to address questions from all 
the participants. Now we'll wait for a few seconds while the question 
queue assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Sachin from BofA. Hi, Sachin. 
Please go ahead with your question.  
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity, and congrats on a good set of 
numbers. My two questions. Our first question, wanted to 
understand a bit more on EBITDA margin. Just wanted to double 
check that there is no one-offs associated with that and should we 
consider this as a steady state EBITDA margin going ahead. Of 
course, as in how the operation leverage comes, you might see a bit 
of an improvement. So that's question number one. Question number 
two, wanted to again understand a bit more on net adds. For last few 
quarters, it's hovering in the 2,000 odd range. When should we see 
an inflection point coming, where these net adds accelerate going 
ahead? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Mr. Jitin, you want to take up the EBITDA margin question? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Sure. Thank you, Sachin, for your question. So EBITDA margin is 
37% for the current quarter. So, if you see about 2% to 3% was the 
operational leverage, which we were supposed to get, because in Q4, 
there are higher collections and therefore collection related costs 
will also be there, which has not been in Q1. So that is one. Second, 
then we, got doing few cost optimisation initiatives in the last few 
quarters, which have been now realised and therefore, there is a 
saving which is structured. 
 
And then the last bit of it is since, as you know that the customer 
addition is on the lower side and therefore the cost related to that is 
also on the lower side. Once it picks up, then the cost will again be 
there on that side and therefore, you will see lower EBITDA margin 
to that extent. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: And just to add, April and May are generally the examination 
time. So most of the joinings that you have seen in the headcount 
are, June, later half joining as well as some of the joinings have 
happened in July. So some of these costs will come back, so we 
expect the margin to taper off a little bit from here, maybe at around 
33-34%, and that should be the steady state margin from now on. 
On the net add side, as I said, the churn in the silver monthly and 
silver annual buckets continued to be stubborn while we have taken 
certain steps to avoid churn in the Tier 3, Tier 4 cities. 
 
So we have stopped onboarding customers which were traditionally 
high churn location or high churn areas. But the results of that are 
yet not visible because the main cities are also affected by churn. So 
I think we continue to make adjustments into our product as well as 
our strategy to see, what is the change expectation from the market 
or what is it that we are not able to find correctly. 
 
And the only thing that I can say is that we are continuing to work 
on that side. I don't want to press the paddle on the gross addition 
until we have got the handle of the churn. So, let's wait for another 
two quarters to see if the churn is able to come under control, and 
we are able to get back to a higher customer addition. 
 
But on the margin side, as we said, if you really see in the last year, 
year and a half, we have consistently improved on the margin from 
26%, 27% to now 34%, 35% range. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Thank you. Just one quick follow-up out here. Assuming what you 
said, let's say for next couple of quarters, at least for six months, the 
net adds remain at these levels. Could we assume EBITDA margins 
be high to current levels? And then, eventually, as the net adds pick 
up, the margin should normalise to 33%, 34%. So, ideally and 
logically, for next few quarters, margin should be in the range of 
36% and when your net adds pickup, that should normalise to 33%, 
34%. Is that a fair assessment? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. As I said, from 37%, I think the 3% will immediately come 
back so around 34%, I am pretty sure that we should be able to 
deliver over the next two quarters. I cannot comment, when the net 
adds increase, whether we'll go to 33% or whether we'll be able to 
maintain 34% by then. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Sachin. Next question is from the line of Jasdeep Walia 
from Clockvine Capital. Hi, Jasdeep. Please go ahead with your 
question. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Thanks for taking my question. So, my question is, do you try to 
ascertain if the pricing is acceptable to your clients in the sense that 
the cost that they're incurring on IndiaMART, is it driving value for 
them? So, as of now, the ARPU, the increase at 13%, it's pretty high, 
and it looks good on the presentation the margins have increased. 
But, does it make sense to actually reduce pricing and drive net 
adds? And let's say let the margin remain at 29%, 30% which was 
the case last year. So, I just want to hear your thoughts, because if 
the pricing is beyond the means of the customer, you might face 
even more customer churn in future, which is bad for the long-term 
health of the business? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If you see the breakup of the ARPU, most of the gain is coming 
from top 10% of the customers. While most of the churn is coming 
from bottom 50% of the customers. So bottom 50% of the 
customers, neither there has been any price increase. I mean, we are 
at the same price point as we were before COVID. So there has not 
been any price increase on the silver monthly or silver annual except 
for the fact that we gave a discount of 20 odd percent during the 
COVID, which we withdrew after COVID. 
 
Other than that, most of the ARPU growth has happened in the top 
10% of the customers, not in the overall customer base. So, the 
assumption that the price would help us reduce the churn, seems 
incorrect there. Also, we have not increased the prices on the top tier 
of the customer. As you know, we told you that we've been 
experimenting with the category-based pricing, and we have been 
developing a framework for city and category-based charging. And 
that framework is now being adopted by larger number of newer 
sales. And that is resulting into the higher ARPU. 
 
So, it is only when certain categories, which are a very high value 
product, there only the price has been increased, which is reflecting 
in the ARPU. But at the entry level of categories, there has not been 
an increase in the price. At the churn also, at the gold and platinum 
level continues to remain at around 1% per month. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. So, my second question is, what's the growth in gold and 
platinum subscribers both in terms of number of subscribers and in 
terms of sales to gold and platinum clients? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So we don't directly sell in gold and platinum. We generally, 
upsell from silver monthly and silver annual. So, most of this growth 
is coming from upsell, from silver monthly and silver annual. As I 
said, we used to be at around 48 odd percent customers from gold 
and platinum. Now we are at around 50% of the customers from 
gold and platinum. In the last one year, while the overall customer 
base has grown by only 15,000, I think the gold and platinum itself 
has grown by 8 odd thousand. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. And what's the growth in sales to gold and platinum 
customers on a YoY basis for this quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I did not understand that. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Your revenue, which is coming from gold and platinum customer 
only, how is it increased on YoY basis for this quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, as I said, that about gold and platinum customers count about 
50% of the customer count and about 75% of the revenue. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. What was this revenue percentage last year? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Last year it is about 48% and 72%, 73% maybe. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Okay. Thank you. That's all for my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Jasdeep. Next question is from the line of Kushagra from 
Old Bridge Capital. Hi, Kushagra. Please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just two questions. So, on this, what 
I see is, the concentration at the top is increasing, right? So, the 
question really is on the category saturation. I mean, are your 
categories getting saturated, and hence the star suppliers or the gold 
and platinum guys are gaining the most in those respective 
categories. Of course, them being able to corner a lot of lead 
generation, which is happening on your platform. So, the question 
is, are there challenges on the expansion within the existing 
categories? So, are your existing categories sort of saturating? 
 
And then sort of attached question is for you to grow from here on, 
if you have to look at the growth levers for you, what would be the 
growth levers, and how important would be the expanding of 
categories in your overall growth drivers? That's my first question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If you see on the category saturation side, if you see from say 
three years ago or say five years ago, our top categories used to be 
5%, 6% of our total customer base, when we were like 150,000 
paying customers. Now at 200,000 odd paying customers, the top 
categories are still 7%, 8%. So, it's not that the categories have 
grown only on the top side of the platform. In fact, if you see this 
particular slide maybe four years ago, I think you will see the 
percentages have not really changed. And so, there are multiple 
categories which are available for us. 
 
Similarly, for the cities also, we have been stronger in New Delhi. 
We have been stronger in western part of the country, Maharashtra 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
and Gujarat. We have been okay in Tamil Nadu, but we have not 
been so great so far in places like Karnataka, Andhra and Telangana. 
So, I think there is still a lot more penetration, which is possible 
across many of those cities. 
 
Third, on the growth lever, as I continue to say, every year, our 
monetizable categories increase by 10% from the previous year. So, 
if we had only 20,000 odd monetizable categories pre-COVID, 
today, we have about 40,000 odd monetizable categories. And 
similarly, if we had only five big monetizable cities, now we have 
maybe 10 monetizable cities today. So, I don't think there is an issue 
with respect to either the growth lever or a near term saturation. 
 
Having said that, I have still not been able to prove why the silver, 
churn is not coming under control. While the gold and platinum 
customers are continuing to be a promoter of the platform and be a 
very, very strong user of the platform. I mean, last month, we had 
one of the highest engagement in terms of buyer and sellers both. If 
you see, all of those numbers are going highest ever. So there's 
something that has changed post-COVID and a lot of our manpower 
is also new. So, we are continuing to struggle on that silver churn 
side. Other than that, there is no other problem. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Okay. So to understand this better, what you were explaining for the 
category expansion and the cities available, let's say, for one of those 
industries, let's say construction materials, you would be very heavy 
within, you would be performing very well in Delhi, Maharashtra, 
Gujarat construction and building raw material, the first one and but 
Tamil Nadu and some of the southern states may not be as good. So 
to understand this right, the question really was within the states 
where you have already marked, where you have already significant 
presence, and the category is big for you, is there a case where 
whatever leads are getting generated within that particular category, 
the top guys, the star suppliers are actually cornering more and more 
of it, and hence, the pain point is being felt by the silver and the 
smaller customers. Is this what's happening in your platform or not 
really? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, our platform works like this. So, in terms of quantity, yes. 
But in terms of quality, everybody gets equal opportunity to 
participate. Our quality of the RFQs, whether you are a star supplier 
or whether you are a silver monthly customer, the quality of the 
leads or the timeliness of the leads that you will see, there is no 
restriction on that. 
 
However, yes, since you are paying Rs. 30,000 versus somebody is 
paying Rs. 3 lakh, the quantity of the leads you can consume higher. 
So, there is an equal opportunity. Within that, yes, you may be 
competing with star supplier or leading supplier on every buyer. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
However, the younger suppliers also have this agility that there the 
owner of the shop or owner of the factory directly deals with the 
buyer. While the larger suppliers typically depend on some 
IndiaMART staffers, maybe one or two expert lead managers who 
work there as a lead management person for IndiaMART.So, I think 
there are advantage disadvantage to both. 
 
So we are able to retain lesser number of the total customer that we 
used to onboard and used to retain versus pre-COVID era. And that 
10% lesser number that we are able to retain is making all the 
difference. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Understood. Sure. This is helpful. The second question really is on 
the traffic and the underlying metrics. So, if I look at your traffic 
now, even on a quarterly as well as on an annual basis has been 
hovering around the same range of Rs. 25 million, Rs. 26 million 
quarterly, Rs. 100 million to Rs. 110 million a year. And the 
conversions, basically, which is visible in those unique business 
enquiries are also holding on to that same 9, 10%. So, the question 
really is, are there sort of levers for you to attract more traffic or sort 
of increase that unique business enquiries from here on? 
 
And also, if you can give a sense on the traffic, like, which 
categories are getting more traffic and how the category mix has 
changed, in your traffic, despite the overall headline traffic number 
remaining stagnant for the last many quarters, actually? Yeah. That's 
my second question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, while you were right that traffic seems to be stagnant, but 
unique business enquiries, if you see this particular quarter have 
grown by 15% year-on-year. So, for the last three quarters, they've 
grown well. Yes, you are right, in the first half of FY'24, they did 
not grow but now, they are at a healthy run rate of about 100 million 
unique business enquiries for the year, which is even higher than 
FY'21-FY'22, when there was so much of shortage of material, and 
so much of shortage of medicine and other things. So, if you 
compare pre-COVID, I think we are going to be about 30% higher 
unique business enquiries. 
 
In terms of traffic, yes, there is a flatness, and we believe that, if that 
flatness continues, we will try and address that through digital 
advertising and through digital video advertising. But we have not 
yet gone there. But if need be, we'll go there. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Right. Just one last data questions. If you can give us the gross adds 
number, in first quarter? That's it. Thank you, and all the best. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We only disclose the net add numbers. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So next, we will take a question from the chat box. This question is 
from Abhishek Bandari. So, are we on track to achieve 20,000 
paying subscriber additions in FY'25? Do we expect a significant 
improvement in net addition in H2 FY'25? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: See, given the last two quarters, last three quarters of 2,000, 
2,500, around 1,500, I'm in no position to commit any numbers on 
the net add as of now. I can only, say let's go quarter-by-quarter and 
as soon as we hit 5,000, 6,000 again, then only I can give you any 
year end number. On the revenue side and on other sides, I think 
most of our numbers are driven by collection so that you know 
already, what is going to come. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivekanand from 
Ambit Capital. Hi, Vivek. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Thanks for allowing me the opportunity to ask questions. I want 
to start with the functional P&L that you present where you have a 
disclosure between the customer service cost and the sales and 
marketing cost. So, my question here is that, yes, churn is an issue, 
and you are struggling with your manpower as well as perhaps 
consumer behaviour or supplier behaviour. 
 
But why are you cutting on the selling and marketing costs? That is 
something I want to understand because we saw something similar 
play out in FY'21 as well. You have curtailed your selling and 
marketing costs and then suddenly when things opened up, you then 
had to run to hire people and that is currently still hurting you, right? 
Because you are saying that many of your sales and marketing staff 
members are new. 
 
So why curtail this in the first place? Understand that you are 
curtailing gross adds. I understand that. But why curtail manpower 
in this? That's question one. And do you want me to ask the second 
question, or do you want to respond to that. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, let me answer first. So, I think about last three quarters, we 
have been trying to do is to identify the areas whether cities or the 
category where we were onboarding customers and losing them at a 
faster speed. So, what we have tried to do is, cut down on those areas 
and that is what is being reflected here as a percentage.Also as a 
percentage of revenue, there is some bit of a natural leverage that is 
coming because the most of it is coming from customer service cost. 
So, customer service cost is the manpower of the existing customer 
servicing, and sales and marketing is the manpower of the new client 
acquisition side. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
So, we have only curtailed on the gross addition side. And we will 
as soon as we get the handle on the churn, we will probably reinvest 
on that. But you are right. We should not go quite, up and down from 
17% to 14% like that. 
 
Prateek Chandra : 
Also, Vivekanand, this selling and marketing, essentially, this is a 
cost of acquiring a new customer. And roughly around 50% of our 
sales comes in from the channel partners wherein the cost is 
completely variable to the acquisitions made in that particular 
quarter. So, in case if there is a change in the acquisitions, this cost 
will accordingly move lower or higher for that matter. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: So, your channel partner strategy remains the same. Is that 
correct? That the approach of adding new suppliers, new paid 
suppliers, half of them are still coming via channel partners even 
though you have curtailed gross adds. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. By and large, yes. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay. And if I may press a little bit on this, the insourcing 
strategy that you were discussing about, that hasn't had any bearing 
on this channel partner model at all, is it? Or am I confusing some 
two different things? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, no, there are two things. About 50% sales were coming from 
our own staff, but they were not on  IndiaMART role, they were on 
a third-party temp, staffing role. While there are channel partners, 
the channel partners have their own. So, what we have done is, stop 
using a third-party payroll, temp staffing service, to contain the 
employee attrition a bit. 
 
And in the last two quarters, I think employees' attrition has come 
down, which should help us increase the efficiency and some of this 
has also resulted into reduced cost of customer acquisition on a gross 
basis. However, on a net basis, since the churn is so high, the net 
customer addition cost still looks very, very high. But those 
efficiencies have also resulted into improved operating margin. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Right. Okay. I know Kushagra asked this question. How much 
can you stretch the ARPU lever? And, if you can help us understand, 
like we know that the top 1% ARPU is almost 4x of that of the top 
10%. Within the top 1% also, is there a very big differential in the 
ARPU, or are these 2,000 paid suppliers, roughly paying something 
similar? I'm just trying to understand what would be the highest that 
a supplier is spending on IndiaMART, is it like Rs. 5 crores, Rs. 2 
crores, is it that big, or is it very close? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, no Rs. 50 lakhs. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay. Thank you so much, and all the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Vivekanand. Next question is from the line of Nikhil from 
Nuwama. Hi, Nikhil. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, again on margin. 
Just want some clarity here. So, Prateek, what you mentioned that, 
we generally pay lower to channel partner when they are less 
supplier addition, but that should not impact your margin on Q-and-
Q basis, right given supplier addition remained low since last two, 
three quarter. 
 
And second thing again here is, what, Dinesh mentioned that the 
sales and marketing expense is lower because of less gross addition, 
and that's why we are not investing. So, are we saying that, given 
we don't have clarity in terms of what is causing the higher churn, 
that's why we are controlling the spend on sales and marketing? 
 
As soon as we let's say figure out the challenges in algorithm or 
some other issue, we'll start pressing the gears again, which will help 
us in supplier addition and will lead to, again increase in sales and 
marketing. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: To some extent, yes. Because, if I want to go aggressive on the 
gross acquisition, until I have sufficient visibility on the churn I 
don't want to. Because we acquire customer who will pay me Rs. 
3,000 a month. So, until unless he pays me for a six, nine months 
period, it will be a loss-making customer to us. So, if we are not sure 
of retaining the customer, then, why unnecessary acquire it. I mean, 
not that we are reducing the gross addition, but we are not growing 
the gross addition. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Just trying to understand it better. Let's say, what you 
mentioned earlier, that Tier 3, Tier 4 customer, which you acquired 
earlier and leading to higher churn, then the cut in cost on those area 
Why we're not investing in the area like you mentioned that we are 
not very well penetrated in Karnataka, right? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We are doing that. That's why I said on the overall gross addition, 
we have not reduced. I think we are still at 95% of the highest-ever 
gross addition. Okay? 5% plus minus keeps happening. So, we have 
cut down from those areas and doubled down into the Metros.  
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Okay. So, last one on margin. Let's say in steady state, where you 
are adding supplier at 5,000, 6,000 per quarter. Where should be 
your margin when you will be again spending on sales and 
marketing? You'll be again spending on servicing, assuming 
whatever operating leverage you will still have. So, what would be 
steady state margin in that scenario? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: That's too imaginary to tell because by that time, if the salaries 
suddenly changes like what happened in 2022 and then in 2023, all 
my prophecies go bad. During the COVID, I guided you for 35%, 
but suddenly the salary market changed big time. So, the guidance 
went bad. So, I think let's just see next 2-3 quarters and then come 
back there. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
So, Dinesh, basically, what I want to understand is, would we be 
investing more compared to what we are investing now? And our 
margin can go down lower than 33%? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If weinvest more, 13ur normal operating leverage will also 
show up, right. Because most of the margin is coming from top, 
gross margin bucket, not from the bottom sales and marketing and 
G&A and all that. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. The second thing is, last quarter, you have guided that, you 
will achieve 5.5K supplier in Q2 or Q3. This quarter, you said that, 
we are not guiding any supplier addition. So, what has changed, 
between the two quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, I mean, the entire first quarter, churn has been very, very 
stubborn. So, for the entire quarter, we have been able to do only 
1.5K net add. So, I'm still not able to see that by just doing Tier 3, 
Tier 4, cut here and there. Those were anyway 10% of the overall 
customer acquisition. So, I think the bigger issue is, how do we 
handle Delhi, Bombay kind of a bigger geography churn. And we 
still don't have much answer on that. So, I think we are going to 
make big changes on the product side now.  
If you see the number of times a buyer is being introduced to a 
supplier. The ratio of total business enquiries delivered to unique 
business enquiries. That ratio we are slowly and slowly again 
converting. So that ratio we are looking at probably going towards 
more like four, from six. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Understood. 
 
Prateek Chandra:  
We have 25 million enquiries and 128 enquiries delivered. 
Currently, we are at 5. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, which used to be at six. Now I'm planning to bring that 
down to four. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Understood. Just the last one in terms of data. How much is 
your churn in Silver, Gold, and Platinum category? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, Gold and Platinum, less than 1% per month, and Silver 
monthly is about 6% per month, and Silver annual is about 36% p.a. 
or 3% to 4% per month. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Churn actually, slightly increased in Platinum as well because 
last quarter you mentioned 0.5%. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 0.5% in Platinum, 1% in, Gold. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Okay. Understood. Thanks a lot. Good luck for coming period. 
Thank you. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So, we have another question from the chat box. The question is 
from Mr. Girish Shetty. Is there any common feedback you are 
getting from the silver customers who are not renewing? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think people are saying so, and that is why we are acting on the 
competition side. People are saying that it is difficult to do the 
maturity. So, there are buyers but they are not yet converting. The 
buyers have become very price sensitive, and we are not able to 
mature. So that is something has led us to introduce one buyer to 
lesser suppliers. I know earlier we used to do six suppliers now at 
five, and we are planning to go towards four, maybe. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Hi, Amit. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is, obviously, we 
have seen the growth coming from the ARPU. But if I see the 
ARPUs in the Top 1 % and Top 10 % customers, there the growth 
has been much higher than the average levels. And, if I see the 
increase in the customers that has been almost flat or 4% to 5% Y-
o-Y. So, most of the growth in ARPU is coming from the existing 
customers. So, is it fair to assume that, the existing customers are 
buying more and so if you can explain what kind of value added 
services they are getting versus others? 
 
And also, in terms of the churn that you mentioned, that is very 
difficult to judge what is causing the churn. So, if you can throw 
some light in terms of the selling process, is there some misselling 
happening from the channel partners? And, in terms of how the 
acquisition engine and the renewal engine functions. Is it the same, 
person who is acquiring, he is doing the renewals or there is some 
separate team for both? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We have separate divisions for new client acquisition, and silver 
customer servicing and key clients division with serves mostly gold 
and platinum customers at various places. For Tier 3, Tier 4 we have 
a centralised team here in Noida as well as in Chennai for Tamil and 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Malyalam-speaking areas. For the silver monthly, we have a 
dedicated customer team again here in Noida and one in Chennai. 
So, this is how our divisions are structured. 
 
In terms of ARPU growth, so, yes, you are right because most of the 
changes have happened at the platinum level. It is not the price 
increase, but it is the price rationalisation for categories which are 
of higher value, and the price rationalisation for categories which 
are of the lower value. Earlier, there was a flat price for everything. 
So, it has actually become more rationalised pricing for the customer 
as well as better realisation for us. 
 
And as I said, we haven't changed any pricing for silver monthly and 
silver annual customers in the last 5-6 years. The only change that 
we did was during the COVID, where we passed down 20% 
discount, and we removed that discount in end of FY'22 and that's 
the strategy also. So that at the bottom of the pyramid, you play the 
leadership role, whereas the marketplace becomes more richer and 
richer in terms of data and in terms of verified supplier availability. 
And, once you have enough number of suppliers and it is able to 
attract enough number of buyers, then you monetise the suppliers 
who are competing with each other to go towards gold and platinum 
for more and more buyers and RFQ and Buyleads. 
 
In terms of number of customers, if we have only moved from 200K 
to 215K in the last five, six quarters, the top 10% has also increased 
only from 20,000 to 21,000. However, from 20,000, if you really see 
there was 10%, 12% of the churn. That also got filled. So most of 
the upgrade is happening from silver monthly and silver annual 
towards gold and platinum. In fact, this year, we have seen a lot 
more number of gold customers that came because of the 50,000 odd 
customer that we increased in the FY'23 and mid of FY'24. So that 
is what is resulting into the continued growth. And if this customer 
growth stagnates for a longer period of time, as I said earlier also, it 
can become a problem for any marketplace. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
And, Amit, just to add. When you look at the overall ARPU 
increase in the gold and platinum subscribers. It's also indicative of 
the fact that the ROI that they derive that justifies, the extra ARPU 
that they are willing to pay for subscription to IndiaMART. And we 
have not seen the churn increase despite this increase in the ARPU 
in the gold and platinum category. So that's a sticky customer base, 
which continues to pay us more for the ROI that they're already 
deriving out of the platforms. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
So, obviously, what we're trying to understand is what value the top 
1% and top 10 % are deriving. Obviously, it's the power of the 
platform wherein they are getting the bulk of the traffic. But in terms 
of the silver monthly, is it very different in terms of how the platform 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
functions for a silver monthly versus in terms of RFQ generated or 
in terms of quality of lead being generated? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: The only difference is the quantity, no difference in the quality 
of the lead. Only difference is you get more enquiry, more visibility, 
but it does not differentiate between the RFQ quality being 
distributed either to a silver or to a platinum. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
And in fact, most of these customers, which are in gold and 
platinum were from the silver category itself. These are customers 
who have been able to build a team, call upon leads, convert 
customers well, and that is when they have transitioned to a gold or 
a platinum subscription base. So, therefore the gold, platinum 
subscribers are coming in from that same base of silver itself. It's 
just that they've been able to use the platform a lot better than some 
of the other silver subscribers. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Lastly, are we seeing any risk from the ONDC or is ONDC an 
opportunity for us wherein it can create an additional channel in 
terms of the MSMEs? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Whenever they become popular enough, to be able to attract a 
B2B, I think it will be good for us. As of now they are only trying 
to do very few categories like taxi and food and maybe some grocery 
a little bit. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Are we having any plans to go live on ONDC  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Until unless they become popular enough in the B2C category, 
there is no point being a very early adopter there. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah. Okay. Thank you, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Amit. Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Hi, Rahul. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah. Hi. Sorry to go into this question, which has been asked so 
many times, but in a different way this time. While you're trying to 
solve this attrition issue or subscriber issue, whatever you want to 
call it. Have we done any analytics around the age demographics or, 
let's say a digital behaviour profile of the retained subscriber versus 
a high attrition, to understand a much more deeper cause of it rather 
than the numerical part of it? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We are doing a lot more case studies and statistical analysis, 
within the same category, within the same city some of the 
customers end up doing better, and some of the customers end up 
having a lot more to tell about why this platform is not working for 
them. So, there are contradictory things available. One of the most 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
common thing that we could see is that it is becoming very, very 
difficult for us to mature the buyer and that is why we are trying to 
reduce the competition, manage the competition within the 
marketplace. So that's one thing that has come out clearly. 
 
Other than that, nothing very common that is emerging. Some of the 
time is many suppliers are very hyperlocal suppliers. So, I don't want 
to deal outside of the Noida, greater Noida. While IndiaMART as a 
platform, historically was a global platform, then became a national 
platform, then became a regional platform. Even today, it's not a 
hyperlocal platform. I mean, you can't have like I only deal in the 
sector 18 and around in Noida. So, sometimes some of those 
customers who come in, they come with a wrong expectation. 
 
But other than that, mostly it is with respect to either maturity not 
being there, or we are getting very retail buyers, because 
IndiaMART had become popular during the COVID even for 
medicine, even for consumer items, because lot more retail buyers 
end up coming to IndiaMART. Despite the fact that there is a 
minimum order quantity written on the platform, the price is so 
lucrative, because IndiaMART is majorly known for two things. 
One is variety of products, variety of suppliers, and the number two 
is the cheapest price, because IndiaMART does offer the cheapest 
price for anything. 
 
And there is no way to avoid retail buyers coming on to any web 
platform. The only thing that we can do is not reform their enquiries 
or not reform their RFQs. Because if we can identify that this buyer 
is a retail buyer, then do not matchmake him with three, four, five 
sellers. So, these are the two common feedbacks that we are getting, 
difficult maturity and retail buyers. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. I think that's very helpful. Just one more thing on the ARPU 
side. We're seeing significant improvement. So, I mean, obvious 
things are known, but is there anything we are doing specifically to 
raise the value for the high paying subscriber, that is driving this 
kind of a growth? And what is the most sustainable growth in ARPU 
for the FY'25 and '26 if you have that in your mind? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, on the value front, the effectiveness of relevant matchmaking 
is increasing. The higher engaged the supplier is, the better we have 
his behavioural data. So, we are able to push the more right kind of 
enquiries and RFQs, and that happens even better for a platinum or 
gold subscriber, because we have a very large number of datapoints, 
which kind of lead his purchasing and which kind of lead his not 
purchasing. So that's the value system, because if we have no data 
about you, we will try to send you buyers only from your locality 
and for all categories that you have indicated. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
But if we have data about you, then we are able to show you more 
RFQs, which are of your area of interest and of your categories of 
interest rather than the categories that you've indicated initially 
because your behaviour is lot more repetitive. And since gold and 
platinum use the platform like on a daily basis, they end up leaving 
a lot of footprint on the platform for us to be able to do a better 
matchmaking for them, and that helps them get a more relevant lead. 
So that's a general algorithmic thing that is built into the platform.  
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah. Appreciated the colour. I mean, you touched one important 
element where you said, you can't help out much in terms of retail 
buyer coming onto the platform. But, definitely, just like you have 
taken better control on the telesales part of it, maybe the next step 
over the period of time would be to take care of the customer 
acquisition, the channel partner thing eventually into the system 
wherein the understanding of the onboarding process and where is 
the mismatch happening in terms of expectation versus outcome 
would be more closely monitored within the guardrails of the 
organisation. I think that may probably help, at least on incremental 
basis, if not for the existing set. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. Thank you. Good suggestion.  
 
Rahul Jain: 
That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rahul. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the 
last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Dinesh Agrawal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q1 
FY'25 conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the 
time available. But if you still have any question, please feel free to 
connect with our Investor Relations team. Their contact details are 
available on our website. Thank you very much. Have a great 
evening, and see you next time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude 
this webinar. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
