 
Adani Wilmar Limited                                                  Tel  +91 79 2645 5650 
Fortune House                                                             Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing                            info@adaniwilmar.in  
Ahmedabad – 380 009                                               www.adaniwilmar.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
 
Registered Office: Fortune House, Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India 
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2024-25/46 
 
August 6, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543458 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q1 of F.Y. 25 of Adani Wilmar Limited (“the 
Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated July 30, 2024 regarding audio 
recording of Q1 F.Y.25 Earnings call held on July 30, 2024. Please find attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Wilmar Limited 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia  
Company Secretary 
Memb. No. – ACS 20217 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
a d a n i 
wilmar 
Darshil 
Mayank 
Lakhia
Digitally signed 
by Darshil 
Mayank Lakhia 
Date: 2024.08.06 
14:59:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Adani Wilmar Limited Q1 FY-25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, ADANI WILMAR LIMITED. 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ADANI WILMAR LIMITED. 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Adani Wilmar Q1 FY25 Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you, Sharad. Good afternoon, everyone. 
It’s our pleasure at ICICI to host Adani Wilmar Q1 FY25 Result Conference Call. From the 
management, we have Mr. Angshu Mallick – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director; 
Mr. Shrikant Kanhere – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Saumin Sheth – Chief Operating Officer. 
I will hand over the call to Management for Opening Remarks, post that we can open for the 
Q&A. Over to the management. Thank you. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Okay, thank you very much and welcome to the Q1 ‘25 Earnings Call of Adani Wilmar. Thank 
you very much for joining, taking out the time and joining this call. 
As a ritual, we will run through a very crisp presentation to talk about the performance and the 
financial result of the Company and then we will open the floor for the question answers. 
A quick snapshot on the Results Summary: 
The sales volume grew by 13% year-on-year from 1.43 million in Q1 ‘24 to 1.62 million in Q1 
‘25 as far as the standalone numbers are concerned. In consolidate however, the number grew 
by 12% from 1.49 to 1.66. The growth in volume is also reflective in all the other parameters of 
the business in terms of revenue, gross profit, and EBITDA and PAT, all have shown the 
increase. Revenue grew by 11% on standalone basis, gross profit by 58% and EBITDA gone up 
from 122 core to 609 crore on a standalone and 619 crore on a consolidated basis. The 
improvement in EBITDA and the margin profile is of course, on account of last year Q1 ‘24 got 
impacted because of the hedge dis-alignment which was behind us and not now any more with 
us. So, that’s the basic reason why the margin metrics actually has improved as compared to the 
last year. 
This slide gives you a little bit idea on how the gross margins on normalized basis is moving. 
This is what we have been saying for the last couple of calls that, since December ‘23 that is Q3 
‘24 Quarter we are back to our normal run rate of gross profit as well as EBITDA. Gross profit 
of 1756 crore for June ‘24 and the normalized EBITDA of 609 crore. This is after taking into 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
account all the normalization impact which are required, which basically include a derivative 
impact. 
Quick update on the Company Business Update: 
The volume as I said, grew by 12%, revenue at 14169 crore, we could register a highest ever 
EBITDA of 619 crore for this quarter. The demand environment for the branded and food is 
steady and is improving. Company is now staying focused on gaining market share particularly 
the food and oil both, so where we have been able to gain the market share. 
On ESG front, the Company has been included in FTSE4 Good Index Series and of course, all 
the ESG efforts on the ESG performance continues for the Company. 
Particularly on edible oils, we recorded a 12% improvement in year-on-year in terms of volume. 
The revenue now stood at 10,649 crore in Q1, up 8% from last year. We have seen a strong 
growth in sunflower and mustard oil both, both oils have been able to showcase a very good 
growth in year-on-year terms. As far as the mustard is concerned, we are also trying our product 
range in the premium category, we have launched one product called “Pehli Dhaar” which is 
cold press, which is a first press mustard oil. And we are continuing our efforts to launch more-
and-more premium oils in and around food as well as edible oil. We have been able to achieve 
the highest ever profits in edible oil in Q1 ‘25, the segment profit for Q1 ‘25 now stood at, this 
time stood at 398 crore. This is also on the back of stability in the edible oil prices that we have 
seen in this last gone by quarter which is Q1. The moment in edible oil prices were range bound 
between $100, $150 not more than that. This has also helped us particularly for the companies 
who have got a brand in front. 
The Food and FMCG highlights: 
Revenue grew by 40% this includes the government-to-government business also which we did 
in Q1 and revenue now stood at (+1500) of crore. So, by this run rate, the food business ideally 
should close the year FY25 by close to 6000 crore which was 5000 crore last year. The branded 
food is scaling up consistently for last now, more than 11 quarters, the food is growing at 30% 
year-on-year. Wheat flour business continues its growth trajectory by gaining market share and 
by growing on a year-on-year basis. The rice business stays steady, we are leveraging our edible 
oil network to see that our food product is growing at +30% kind of year-on-year growth. 
So, this is a trajectory which we are trying to showcase particularly in edible oil. If you can look 
at Q1 ‘22, we were close to 660,000 tonnes of oil to now 1 million tonne of oil in Q1 ‘25, which 
puts up a CAGR of 15% on edible oil. The standalone EBITDA has grown up from 118 crore 
now to 604 crore, which is quiet significant. Market share we are consistently improving in spite 
of being a strong number one, we are steadily consolidating our market share from 18.4% in 
June 23 to now close to 19% in June ‘24. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
The capacities utilizations are at a reasonably good level, 63% suggesting that we have enough 
capacities in place as we speak today to accommodate any kind of growth that we may get in 
coming quarters. The growth trajectory of the food and FMCG business also is very impressive, 
just like edible oil from Q1 ‘22 when we were at close to 120,000 tonnes for a quarter to now 
plus of 300,000 tonnes is growing at a 38% CAGR. Revenue is growing at 44% CAGR from 
520 crore in Q1 ‘22 to now close to 1500 crore in Q1 ‘25. So, the quarterly trend looks very 
good, the market share is also consistently improving in wheat flour from 5% in June 23 to now 
5.9% in June ‘24 steadily growing close to 100 basis point of growth. Basmati rice consumer 
pack market share is more or less flattish. But we have been able to maintain our number three 
position in this particular segment. 
If we look at a segment wise profitability for the Q1, the standalone EBITDA is now 669 crore 
of which 604 crores came from edible oil. Food and FMCG 31 crore, where we are still spending 
whatever we are making at a gross margin level we are spending on distribution and various 
other schemes to continue the growth rate that we are getting in the food. Industry essential at 
48 crore and un-allocable of 14 crore, so that’s how the segment results tax up, which is quite 
healthy as compared to the same period last year. 
A quick update on our general trade distribution: 
Now, our reach to the trade including the direct as well as indirect is close to 2.1 million outlets. 
Of that 2.1 million outlets 740,000 outlets we are reaching directly so that is 18% year-on-year 
growth. Rural town coverage is consistently growing, we are now covering close to 30,000 towns 
in rural towns. Our target, of course, remains same that we want to cover close to 50,000 towns 
by March 25. The alternate channels besides the general trade are also growing very fast for us, 
the alternate channels clocked a revenue of close to 759 crore in Q1 ‘25 that is 15% year-on-
year growth. E-commerce and quick-commerce continues to grow faster than the general trade. 
The HoReCa, which is the channel which we are developing for last two years is also showing 
a very encouraging results for us. The HoReCa revenue crossed +150 crore in Q1 ‘25 and (+500) 
crore in last 12 months basis. We have added seven new towns now, during the quarter taking 
the total coverage of the HoReCa channel now to close to 48 towns. We also further plan to 
expand this coverage of HoReCa channel to +100 large towns in near future. Branded export 
which is also a focus area of Company for last couple of years now, we are exporting to over 30 
countries now. The food business contributed 44% of branded export and therefore so it’s 
growing at a rate of 36% year-on-year. 
These are the couple of BTL consumer engagement Company did, I will not spend much time 
on them. But the message of the slides is that, we are consistently spending on distribution BTL 
and advertisement to take the brand to every category of the customer. These are some of the 
branding which we did for the metro rail and so that the reach to the consumer is more effective. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
So, in short the final key takeaways for Q1 ‘25 if I have to summarize them all is that there is a 
volume growth of 12% year-on-year, the edible oil volumes have crossed 1 million tonnes now 
for the quarter, the food FMCG revenue stood at 1500 crore, then particularly in edible oil it 
grew by 12% with very significant growth that we have seen in sunflower and mustard 
particularly. Food and FMCG volumes grew by 42% and the revenue also grew plus of 30%. 
Distribution reach has now gone up 18% year-on-year to reach 740,000 direct outlets, rural 
towns coverage at 30,000 and alternate channel which is also a focus area is growing very fast. 
ESG efforts of Company continues, and this is a result of that, that we have been included in 
FTSE4 Good Index Series recently. 
This is it from my side as far as the presentation is concerned. I just briefly talked about the 
numbers. I hope the audience who have joined the call have consumed the numbers and 
performance which we have declared yesterday. And now therefore, I would ask the moderator 
to open the floor for question-and-answer. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Avnish Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Avnish Roy: 
My first question is on the EBITDA margin. I wanted to understand, is there any one off here 
(+4%) EBITDA margin and FY24, I understand was very tough because of sharp inflation 
followed by sharp deflation and then a lot of inventory impact losses were there. So, are there 
any learning, have you changed your hedging policy in any way, your inventory overall any 
change there, which has led to some incremental profits here so, if we assume this kind of a 
pricing in terms of the edible oil, would you expect (+4%) margins to sustain if nothing changes, 
I understand that this is a real world and the geopolitical issue can always keep changing, but 
anyone offs here and any comments if you can give. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
So, Avnish just to answer your question straight there is no one off in the numbers which have 
been declared, so it’s a normal business profit number one. Number two of course, last year as 
rightly put in by you the last year numbers got impacted because of hedge dis-alignment which 
we experienced, not only we but the entire industry experienced that. Number three, of course, 
when the prices are stable and the demand is good usually the brand business does well and 
that’s what happened to us and therefore the numbers are quite encouraging for us in this quarter 
and therefore, as we go forward. We are hopeful that no such geopolitical issues will come up 
and the supply chain of the commodity and price levels more or less will remain in range, we 
should be able to continue this run rate in the coming quarter as well. 
Avnish Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on some of the competitive intensity from new players. So, if I see 
Amul they are advertising a lot on the print media and out-of-home also in Mumbai at least in 
terms of their organic products. So, two questions here, would you also have a thought process 
on India specific organic products because a lot of organic products are available which are of 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
suspect quality also, of course Amul would address that part. And second is, Amul’s pricing of 
course will be premium given its organic, but what will be the impact on your business if you 
could tell us that from a longer term perspective? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Okay, Avnish. The first one is on the print ad and the spends BTL and all that, every Company 
has a budget with which it has to manage its ATL and BTL. We are also reasonably okay in print 
and we also have almost annual plans with The Times of India and others. So, print while 
whatever the commodity business or the staples business can afford we are there, and we are the 
largest spenders of edible oil for sure. So, there we have both social media, television and all 
that. Second, it comes to organic products. See organic, one is the scale most important is that 
Company like us, would always like a supply chain which can provide us with the quantity that 
we need when we grow the business and unless we have a backward integration we won’t be 
able to succeed. Now, honestly to get into this organic, first it required three, four years of work 
without using that organic product as organic because it needs three crop season to get into the 
purity form. Without that we couldn’t get a certificate that is one, two we need farmers and then 
we have to have complete back end with the contract farming and all that which is a very big 
operation. Amul have the strength, they have farmers organization and hence they have that 
source or the supply side secured, and that is their strength. So, since that is the strength they are 
playing with their strength, I don’t think companies like us can do anything big in organic unless 
we get into big time contract farming and then have patience for three years minimum growing 
crop and managing that. So, as of now, the other side of the business is very big for us, we are 
already in the staples which can grow fast and you are seeing we are growing at 30%, 40% per 
annum year-on-year. So, we have great scope to do that. So, basic staples we are more interested 
because there the scope is anytime high, organic and all these are very small, niche market of 
the entire biggest pie. 
Avnish Roy: 
Sure. My next question will be on the opening remarks on premiumization. So, here if you could 
tell us specific in premium edible oil there is one large player and then another player got sold 
off by the US parent to a private equity. So, if you could tell us how is your participation, are 
you happy with the performance of the last two, three years in that part of demand, I understand 
it’s very small versus your scale, but ultimately if that is the premiumization that is where the 
market growth will be faster. So, can you discuss that part, how big is it? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See presently only one Company has a substantial share in the blended oil premium category 
rest all the brands are very small or niche and not available throughout the country. Now we 
have functional oil put under the category expert. So, the expert range we have brought which 
handles only the expert, as an expert it handles white like functional oil we have, the sugar 
conscious, immunity booster and the third one is the total balance. Apart from that we have just 
started one cold press “Pehli Dhaar”, first press what we call it not the cold press because all 
Kachi Ghani can be cold pressed but the first press is only the softer part of the mustard seed is 
crushed first and the oil is taken out and then it is bottled this oil has high aroma, high pungency 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
and is much better in taste, it’s like the extra virgin olive oil, but it is even better than that. So, 
that we have just introduced a month or two months back and initial responses are good. This 
will be a value added premium product apart from that the expert range and in the expert rate, 
we will add expert low GI white rice, low GI Basmati rice and low GI Atta and all this will be 
under the expert range which will deal with people who have sugar problem or any other. But 
let me tell you more than consumer side premium, we are working on the B2B business and 
trying to make that premiumization, one is that in maida, we have promised where we can make 
now flour especially for the bun for the cream rolls, for Croissant for Pizza, we are now doing 
for Noodles specially. Now these are special flours which is used for special application, and 
they fetch a premium because of the consistency in quality. So, we are looking at both consumer 
in-home as well as out of home, B2B consumers. 
Avnish Roy: 
Understood. Just one follow up I had on the edible oil. So, in palm oil, we are seeing one 
disruption that the market leader in soap, they have cut their palm oil by 25% in two of their 
brands. How does this impact your business from the raw material side and possibly in some of 
the byproducts you sell to the soap players, how does this impact from longer term, I understand 
these are very early days but given its market leader and the confidence they have shown on this, 
can this impact both supply side and your demand side, raw material side and your consumer 
side? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
I don’t think we are in that arena of supply chain. Whatever CPO we import we make our palm 
oil and then the PFAD that we have goes for our oleochemicals business. Yes, we do sell soap 
noodles to most of the big toilet soap manufacturers because we are one of the largest soap 
noodle manufacturers in the country. We do supply glycerin and stearic acid also to as an 
oleochemical products, but I don’t think that will impact the palm oil business anybody here and 
overall, the share of palm oil in the soap is not so significant, honestly. So, that is not going to 
impact anybody for that matter, either the Malaysia, Indonesia players or even in India anybody. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had two, three questions. One is on the food and FMCG side. So, while I understand that 
the government orders would be coming at a lower margin, but I just wanted to get a sense of, 
why we have seen year-on-year reduction in the profits on this side especially because the scale 
has been good even in the non-government order business has grown at 19%, 20%. So, if you 
could just give us a sense of, particularly in this quarter because what’s really happened that will 
be helpful. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Harit sorry, your voice was actually breaking so can you just spell out your question again? 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, what I was trying to ask was is, the profit margins in the food and FMCG business had been 
tagged lower this time, I understand one reason is that there is a government order business, but 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
even on an absolute basis the profit numbers have been a bit lower. So, what would be the 
attributing that to is it a commodity impact, is it higher investments in promotion and distribution 
if you could just help me understand? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Okay. So, got your question very clearly now. So, Harit the profitability and this is what we have 
been saying for quite couple of quarters that we are investing now, more and more in distribution 
and advertisement and other infra. So, to ensure that the kind of growth with food and FMCG 
has been showing continues and we get to a very reasonably good level of food and FMCG 
basket which currently this year we should close at 1.25 million tonnes of basket. And that’s the 
reason why the food and FMCG margins are like this, plus and minus it is not a significant 
movement in margin, but by design is that we are basically investing whatever we are earning 
at a gross margin level, into the infrastructure for distribution as well as on other heads. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. The second part again on food and FMCG was, if you could just give us a sense of what 
the nature of this kind of government order is and if it is likely to persist going forward as well, 
in a similar any kind of content? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, you are aware that government has banned exports of white rice and broken rice. What 
government has done is that, if they receive any orders from friendly government countries, they 
approve export, but that we can’t do directly, we have to route it through the cooperative 
companies in India, which are KRIBHCO or you can say NCER or even NAFED to some extent. 
So, these are the companies through whom we have to bill, and they will bill the counterpart in 
that country and that is how it will be exported. So, government-to-government means from here 
any of the cooperative firms nominated by central government can be the exporter. We can’t be 
the direct exporter; our job is to procure the rice from the market and process and pack and send 
it to the port at FOB level. And after that, we have to sell it to NAFED or anybody and NAFED 
will be the exporter. So, this is the G2G business, small margin, but good volume and it helps 
you in overall rice business because if you are a normal exporter also, then it helps you. So, that 
is why we are doing it, and I can’t say it will last for long because these are all government 
orders. Tomorrow if the white rice is open the way it was earlier, then then G2G business may 
not happen. Or it may continue, if the duty is still imposed and the government-to-government 
business doesn’t have a duty then possibly this business will continue. So, going forward, can’t 
say much about it as of now if there is a business we are not losing that opportunity, because it 
helps us in utilizing our same manpower, logistics support, port operations, everything remaining 
same, so it gives us margin.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it, makes sense. The other part is food and FMCG. So, again, if you look at the trend of 
shares in wheat flour versus Basmati rice, over the last three quarters we have seen wheat flour 
shares actually what fairly significantly almost 50 bps over a three-quarter period, rice has been 
fairly stable. I just wanted to understand the competitive dynamic between these two segments 
and what’s kind of allowing you to win faster in wheat flour versus rice currently, well obviously 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
on the Y-o-Y basis you are doing extremely well, just wanted to understand last three quarters 
what are the different dynamics playing out here between the two? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Very good observation. On wheat flour let me tell you, there is one big competitor having 40%, 
45% market share and then we are the second largest at 5.9 and then below us there may be 10 
brands 2%, 3% that means, this entire market is very fragmented with only one player. So, to 
garner share from these small, small players is relatively easier, relatively easier one. Two our 
distribution in South and strategy in South marketing strategy, all this has clicked well. And that 
is why our South market share has gone up to 7.5%, 8%. But if you see Chennai, we are almost 
18%, 19% in Chennai city, that is because we did some marketing activities which kicked and 
the demand went up very, very fast. So, that is the reason why you see we have done so well. 
Now let’s go to Basmati rice. Basmati rice historically has two players who are there in the 
market for more than 25 years. Now, they both have around 35 and 30, 60%, 65% market share 
and they are quite a strong player and they manage that. Rest of the brands, there isn’t any we 
are at 8% or something, rest below us there may be small, small players or very, very fragmented 
player or private label also possible. Now, here the large two brands are strong in their work and 
60%, 65% they are holding very, very clearly. Here the gap to garner from 10 to 15 will be 
relatively little tough, but yes, we have done some reworking like last year we pushed Kohinoor 
and the Kohinoor market share has gone up but, more of distribution we have to do and we are 
working on it. Our Gohana plant will be ready by November that will be the first IPO project 
plant where we are putting almost 600 tonnes per day paddy to rice line and 500 tonnes per day 
rice to rice line, it will be one of the largest food park in the country having integrated operations 
of mustard oil, rice bran oil, cottonseed oil, then I have Maida there, wheat flour, rice, everything. 
So, this plant will be big. So, we are waiting for that, once that happens, the quality of the 
product, the performance, yield, everything will be much better, and we will have big supply 
chain support. Once you have a big supply chain support in commodity business, brand and that 
part will help us in pushing. I am confident that this market share will increase to 10%, 12% in 
another three to four quarters. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Thank you so much for this. I had just one last thing on the distribution side. You obviously 
mentioned about the rural town coverage, I just wanted to understand, what are the similar March 
25 targets for direct reach. And the second question on that was, how much of our current direct 
reach is also been used for food and FMCG already, obviously it is 7.4 lakh outlets edible oil 
will be reaching across that but, how much would food and FMCG also have reached by now in 
that 7.4 lakh? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, today exit June our direct reach means a salesman going and booking order from an outlet 
and we capturing that data was at 7.4 lakh, out of which almost 3.5 lakh was rural, and rest 4 
lakhs was urban. Now, we are doing now roughly 30,000, Q1 the rural coverage we couldn’t 
expand much because of the election and heat wave, but our exit target March ‘25 is 50,000 
targets. And we are hopeful of reaching very near to those figures because the Q1 we lost 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
honestly, so we have three quarters to go and we have to reach 50,000 that is one. So, we are 
working on that, second is this 50,000 would almost represent 70% of the potential rural town 
business. So, we will have much bigger strength of rural distribution. Third you said that how 
many outlets are there see, when I say oil outlet need not be that they buy all the oil. If you go 
to South they may not buy soya bean or mustard, but they are buying sunflower, now in Easter 
it is mustard. So, oil wise if you see, mustard has the highest penetration amongst any oil in the 
country for both us as well as for Nielsen also says that mustard has the highest penetration. So, 
we have almost direct reach of roughly 3 lakh outlets out of 7.5 in mustard, sunflower, soybean 
has around 2.5 lakh outlet, Atta is around 225,000 outlet like this, there will be different number 
of outlets, but on the whole one or the other product is covered and is purchased by 7.4 lakh 
retail outlets. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And the 7.4 lakh is there a target? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Unique food can be as high as 3 lakh outlets, but not that everybody is keeping all the product 
some people may not keep Besan, some towns in Maharashtra, UP I have seen they keep Besan, 
nuggets may not keep rice like this you will get. So 3, 3.5 lakh retail outlets keep food, total 7.5 
lakh outlets we are covering and every outlet will buy some of the products which sells in their 
area. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayan Kartik from Outlook Business. Please go 
ahead. 
Ayan Kartik: 
Just wanted you to throw some light on the kind of competition you have seen from regional and 
local players because the last one we have seen a lot of brand reporting competition from local 
players. So, just wanted to understand what has been the effect on Adani Wilmar in Q1 and what 
kind of trends we are seeing per se? Thank you. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, on oil I will tell you. When the oil prices were high, say last to last year, local players were 
really doing well, because the inflation and the prices were much higher. So, brands like us 
would have cost them Rs.25 per liter more. Today, when the edible oil prices are stable, brands 
like us have much more strength, because in terms of pricing power, in terms of purchase power, 
supply chain distribution, our sales of Fortune have increased. Number one, so competition for 
us is less in refined oils, more will be in mustard oil, because that is a domestic oil, and it is 
processed in many parts of the country. But we still are the clear leader by around 15% we have 
a margin and the next band is around 6%. But it’s a very fragmented market mustard oil. When 
it comes to food, this business is dominated by regional players, national players in Atta, there 
is only one technically, in Dal there isn’t any national brand based on also there isn’t any great 
national brand three, four good regional brands are there. So, in food we have to fight with the 
regional brand. And our fight with the regional brand is always on quality, consistency, price 
value for money, distribution, reach and brand and second, our distribution in e-commerce and 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
modern trade. So, there we continue to fight with the local players and get the share and we will 
have to fight with the local players because there isn’t any national player. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Patel from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Patel: 
So, I just want clarity as of Financial Year ‘24. I am talking about rice, we did somewhere around 
50,000 metric tonnes right? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No, 50,000 metric tonne you are saying for what, overall rice? 
Rohan Patel: 
Yes, overall. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No, 50,000 in FY24 we did much more than 50,000 tonnes. 
Rohan Patel: 
Would you share the quantum? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
This quantum as such is not available in the public domain as such, but we can give you an idea 
of what volume of rice we did in FY24. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
FY24, little higher than 200,000 tonne. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. And out of that, how much would be the branded part and non-branded part? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
The branded part would be around 40%, 50% and private label exports are there which are their 
brands which we export so, that is also there. So, altogether brand, brand for us more than 50%, 
30%, 40% would be around private label depending on which country like Saudi and other places 
private label goes and rest is local B2B. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. So, roughly in the range of 50%, I can consider is branded? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
More than 50% will be branded. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. At the export percentage like out of the 200 plus 1000 we have done what would be the 
export as a percent? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
25% export, 75% domestic. 
Rohan Patel: 
And if you can help me out, do you do aged rice? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
We do aged rice but small quantity. 
Rohan Patel: 
Top four, five export destination? 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Export destination would be Australia, Saudi, UAE. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. And are you looking into growing your own brand or you want to also grow the private 
label also because in Saudi one of our competitor isn’t present which used to be present over 
there. So, are you leveraging on that opportunity also, to increase your quantum? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
The competitor of the one you are referring to they have done some work and they have got 
some investments from Saudi and possibly having a tie up for distribution but for us, we are 
doing 3P but we are also working through our Wilmar and JV partners, those who are interested 
like in US, Australia, other places. So, we prefer to export in our brand Fortune. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay, I get that. And can you share some rough idea about what EBITDA margins our rice 
division would be making? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
That will be see right now, what we have been saying for last couple of quarters most of our 
food is basically EBITDA neutral and that is basically by design because we are spending more 
on distribution and other infrastructure. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay, just for understanding if I can ask one last question. So, what are you targeting for FY25, 
with the volumes in line? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
We will be targeting much more volume, we are just waiting for our Gohana plant to get ready 
and commission, that commissioning once it happens we will have in-house supply chain. So, I 
can tell you one thing that we are looking at 30%, 40% growth year-on-year for the next three 
years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead sir. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
First two questions. Firstly, you had highlighted that sunflower oil has done good in this quarter 
and I do remember that sunflower oil if I look at market leadership, you marketed other oils but 
in sunflower you are third player. So, can you highlight the initiatives you have taken for driving 
this growth and what is the market share gained in this particular segment? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
One is that sunflower oil is surely part of our focus area, it is an oil which always gives consistent 
good margin. Now, as far as oil is concerned, we have enhanced our processing capacity and we 
are possibly one of the second largest importers in the country of sunflower oil. And we have 
almost the largest processing capacities across the country. Now, as far as sunflower oil is 
concerned, South and West accounts for 85% of the market. And in this markets South we were 
weak. So, we made some strategies, and we did some work on it. And slowly and steadily year-
on-year we have seen the results come in, and our South market share has gone up. Accordingly, 
our sunflower oil market share, if I am not wrong has gone up from around 10.1% to 11.3%. So, 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
we have gone up by 1.2% and I don’t think there is any other brand in the country who has 
shown any growth in Q1. So, we are the only people who have grown that is because we did 
some work on it. We are hopefully number two now if I am not wrong, because I have not seen 
the last figure. But, we were number three earlier behind gold winner, but now I think we are 
number two. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Got it sir, very helpful. I just wanted to understand you have been historically slightly weaker in 
the Southern market right and now you are gaining market share in the wheat category in the 
South market. So, just wanted to understand how are the synergies working in terms of 
distribution between the edible oil and food segments for the Southern market? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, I have always said earlier also when people used to ask me as an analyst, he did ask me that 
how are you going to win South and I had always said that what is our strength is that we have 
a basket of product we are not only in oil, we have oil, rice, flour, there are three big things, now 
we will play with all the three things together and we will win because we have an offering to 
the retailer and that exactly we did that, we went to the sunflower oil retailer gave them a Atta 
at an offer which they couldn’t reject and they took and slowly the market started accepting the 
Atta and now Atta sales say in Chennai city is almost equal to sunflower oil sales. So, that is 
how we have started doing well and going forward to win South we will have to win by our 
strength, and which is our portfolio. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Got it sir that is very helpful. Lastly on sir, rural versus urban most of the FMCG companies 
have been highlighting that they are seeing green shoot in the rural markets and rural have 
outperformed for last couple of quarters. If you could highlight something, how do you see the 
demand for your products in rural versus urban? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Rural has been under pressure, all the FMCG players have been mentioning this. Our staples 
business obviously the first choice for any consumer has to be staples and then any other 
products. So, we did not get impacted, but we did not grow also. So, our share 29%, and 30% 
remain at that level. So, rural contributed only 30% which we felt should have been more. No, 
going forward we see some positive lights, mainly because one, the monsoon is likely to be good 
and we are all seeing that happen, two is that the government’s initiative in investing more in 
the rural area for schemes and all that. And if this brings more employment, more rural 
productivity and all that, I am sure rural consumption will grow as staples business consumers 
prefer first to buy their sugar, wheat or atta, rice, and then any other products. So, I am sure that 
we will see a good growth. Going forward, October onwards the rural market should do better. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Mandhana from Avighna Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Deepak Mandhana: 
I just have one query basically, can you just give me an overview of how your industry essential 
business is doing because none of your PPT presentation covers that. So, what is the, because I 
can see that the value mix as well as the volume mix is growing there. So, can you just give me 
a fair idea about industrial essential business? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See in industrial essential we have three main products, first is oleochemicals, second is castor 
oil and derivatives and third is our meals which we use for cattle feed or animal feed, which is 
mainly soya de oil cake, mustard DOC and rice bran DOC. Now, you take oleochemical 
business, oleochemical business has been doing very well for us and we have the largest 
oleochemical complex in the country, we are 25% producers of glycerin in the country and 
almost 32% stearic acid. We make almost 10% soap noodle in the country after you take away 
the in-house consumption of Levers and Godrej. If you take that out, which is 6 lakh tonnes, out 
of 4 lakh tonnes we make almost a lakh tonne soap noodle. So, we are reasonably strong in 
oleochemical player, we have recently acquired one Company, world Chem, where we are, 
Omkar is the Company’s name where they have downstream Speciality Chemical products, and 
we have good business understanding about it. So, we thought we need some partner to grow 
this business, this is a profitable business and we are working on it to grow this business. So, 
that is Speciality Chemical. Second comes castor we are the world’s largest exporters of castor 
and processors. So, that business has been doing well, we are getting into derivatives because 
that is value addition. So, next new CAPEX on derivatives is going on. So, castor we will grow 
this business and make it much more profitable. And the third one is your DOC, what has 
happened is the summer, the DOC business was less and that is why you will see that the volume 
growth is not there, it is only because of the rapeseed mill, we couldn’t export what we had 
targeted, but the next this quarter possibly that will be covered because it goes on roll over for 
the next month or so. So, we should 
Deepak Mandhana: 
Just as a follow up, I wanted to ask that are we also looking in terms of export for the specialty 
chemical business or it is just for the domestic production only? 
Shrikant Kanhere:  
See, presently we do export our stearic acid glycerin, even soap noodles abroad we do export. 
Going forward Speciality Chemical will be, it is application based suppose any product which 
is required and we have a country where we can sell, we will surely explore, Wilmar is also big 
in oleochemical business. So, they also have clients outside their area of operation like China 
and Malaysia, Indonesia. So, they also have in Europe. So, we can also export there. So, export 
will be our area of operation as we go around. 
Shrikant Kanhere:  
Sorry, Deepak, I am just coming in between just to give you a better idea because you had asked 
that whether this business is growing yes or no. Out of the three components which Mr. Mallick 
mentioned castor, oleo and the oil mill. Castor and oleo both were growing in double digit so 
castor grew by close to 10% and oleochemical grew by 13% year-on-year in this quarter. But 
there was a de-growth of oil mill business of 22% and that’s where the entire category de-grew 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
by 7%. Having said that, the oil mill business is of course, depending upon the parity and the 
market conditions, so that’s not something which is a very sustainable business, but castor and 
oleo are the main segments of this industry essential segment which are growing in double digit. 
Deepak Mandhana:  
So, I believe we are EBITDA positive or both the segments? 
Shrikant Kanhere:  
Yes, very much. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you. So, the next question we will take from an email which we have received from Mr. 
Mitesh Kumar. And he has a specific set of questions particularly on the Bangladesh operations 
his first question was that, why the Bangladesh unit is under the loss since many quarters though 
India business has recovered back. So, see Bangladesh has got different problem first of all, we 
actually faced problem on the currency front last full year. Besides that, Bangladesh also faced 
macro headwinds the way other economies are also facing in terms of inflation and interest rates, 
the government was trying to put in price control in the country and therefore, price control 
coupled with the currency problem had some issues with we had last year and therefore, we 
suffered losses in Bangladesh last year. However, after the elections in Bangladesh recently, the 
new government is in place and the things are now improving so, for this quarter we had a loss 
of close to Rs.10 crore, which is far, far less than what we had in the same quarter last year. So, 
that is been now taken care of, things are improving from here, currency situation has already 
been improved there. So, the availability of dollars in the country is no more an issue. We still 
have some issue around the parity which is getting resolved. So, as we go forward in the quarter 
two and quarter three, you will see the improvement in the Bangladesh operations. 
The second question was, when likely Bangladesh unit will recover from profit? I answered in 
the first question itself. 
And the third question is not related to Bangladesh, but it is on the OFS which is, that is there 
any plan for an OFS for AWL. So, we have mandatorily had to see that the minimum public 
shareholding is achieved by Feb 25 given the fact that we got listed in Feb 22. So, we otherwise 
have to do that, now OFS is one part of it. So, I can’t comment whether it is going to be OFS or 
any other methods because there are specific method listed by the SEBI which can be used by 
the promoters to achieve the MPS. But I can only confirm on this call that yes the efforts are on 
to achieve that MPS of 25% for which the 13% dilution by the promoter would be on the cards 
from today till Feb 25. But whether it will be OFS, I can’t right now comment on that. 
The other last question was, future guidance of AWL revenue and profit growth given the oilseed 
prices in international market and hedging, other hedging option. The prices, this is what we 
have been saying the prices have been stabilized we saw Q1 numbers quite healthy, given the 
fact that there was not much volatility in the prices, so we are hopeful that this scenario will 
continue along with the stability in prices and demand will also continue. Even the fact that in 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
H2, there will be a lot of festivities in India and demand will be more than what we have 
experienced in the quarter one. So, this performance we can expect but having said that business 
is always a business you can’t foresee some of the hidden risks, but that will always be there. 
So, we are hopeful, we should continue with the current performance as we go forward. So, that 
is we had on the email, I will hand it over again to moderator if there are any other participant 
in the queue to ask any question they can open. 
Moderator:  
Sir, there are no further questions. I would like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Shrikant Kanhere:  
Yes, on behalf of Adani Wilmar we are thankful for attending this call and we encourage all the 
participants to participate in our call and hear our story and performance. Thank you very much.  
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you all and we hope we have a good festive season starting this month, followed by big 
wedding season coming from November and we hope the monsoon is going to be good overall, 
overall, the atmosphere remains positive and consumption looks to be solid. And I think all the 
FMCG companies including ours should do well in the next three, four quarters. Thank you all. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 
