 
 
 
 
August 3, 2024  
 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: VBL 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 540180 
 
Sub:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on July 30, 2024 i.e. post declaration of 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Half Year ended June 30, 2024 
is enclosed.  
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.varunbeverages.com.    
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Varun Beverages Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Batra 
 
Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Ravi 
Batra
Digitally signed 
by Ravi Batra 
Date: 2024.08.03 
10:42:11 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Varun Beverages Limited 
Q2 & H1 CY2024 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 30, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Varun Beverages Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR 
India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Varun 
Beverages Q2 CY2024 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Ravi 
Jaipuria, Chairman of the Company; Mr. Varun Jaipuria, Executive Vice Chairman 
and Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Raj Gandhi, President and Whole-Time Director 
of the Company. We'll initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which we'll have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. I would now request Mr. Ravi 
Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our earnings conference 
call. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go through our results, presentation that 
provides detail of our operational and financial performance for the second quarter 
and half year ended June 30th, 2024. 
 
We are pleased to report robust performance for the second quarter of CY2024, 
achieving a consolidated sales volume growth of 28.1%, which includes volumes 
from BevCo. The impressive volume growth of 22.9% in India primarily contributed 
to this outstanding performance, supported by our expanded capacities, enhanced 
distribution network and a strong summer season. Meanwhile, our international 
markets remained relatively flat. Moreover, it was a seasonally weak quarter for 
African markets.  

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
We are excited to announce further expansion in our partnership with PepsiCo 
having entered into an exclusive snack franchising appointment to manufacture, 
distribute and sell “Simba Munchiez” in Zimbabwe by October 2025 and in Zambia 
by April 2026. This follows our recent announcement to manufacture and package 
Cheetos in Morocco by May 2025. These agreements complement our existing 
distribution of PepsiCo portfolio, marking another significant step forward in our 
strong symbiotic partnership. Additionally, we are pleased to share that we have 
commenced commercial production of carbonated soft drinks and packaged drinking 
water at our greenfield facility in DRC. With the region representing an untapped 
market for PepsiCo, this expansion offers a huge growth opportunity for us.  
In line with our dividend policy, the Board of Directors has approved an interim 
dividend of 25% of the face value, i.e. Rs. 1.25 per share. Additionally, the Board 
has considered and recommended the subdivision split of existing equity shares of 
the company from one equity share with a face value of Rs. 5 each fully paid up into 
such number of equity shares having face value of Rs. 2 each fully paid up. This is 
subject to the approval of our equity shareholders of the company. This is intended 
for wider retail participation. 
 
With strong performance in a key quarter, we are on track to deliver healthy double-
digit growth in the calendar year. India remains a high-demand market with massive 
growth potential driven by a growing consuming class and the young population. To 
capitalize on this demand, we are focused on further strengthening our infrastructure, 
distribution network and product portfolio. With a focus on strategic growth and 
leveraging new opportunities in both India and international markets. We are 
confident in our ability to deliver sustainable value to all shareholders.  
I would now invite Mr. Gandhi to provide the highlights of the operational and financial 
performance. Thank you. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to everyone joining 
us today. Let me provide an overview of the financial performance for the second 
quarter and half year ended 30th June 2024.  
Revenue from operations, adjusted for excise/GST, grew by 28.3% YoY in Q2 of 
2024 to the level of Rs. 71,968.6 million. Consolidated sales volume reported a 
growth of 28.1%, reaching 401.6 million cases in Q2 of 2024, which includes about 
28 million cases from BevCo. Indian market grew by 22.9%, while the international 
markets were almost flat primarily on account of volumes in Zimbabwe getting 
affected due to portfolio of transitioning to zero sugar without affecting profits.  

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
CSD constituted 76%, Juice 8% and Packaged Drinking Water 16% of the total sales 
volume in Q2 CY24. In the second quarter of CY24, net realization per case was 
steady due to the consolidation of BevCo where realization purchase for own brands 
is much lower than the company's average. 
 
Our gross margins improved by 222 basis points to 54.7% from 52.5%. This 
improvement was due to timely procurement and storage of PET chips to avail 
pricing benefits. This was a trade-off between savings in cost of goods sold and 
partial offset of enhanced interest cost due to higher inventory carrying costs. 
Further, our ongoing focus on reducing sugar content and lightweighting packaging 
is also contributing to sustainable growth in gross margins. Notably about 46% of our 
consolidated sales volume now comes from the low sugar or no sugar products. 
 
As a result of higher gross margins, EBITDA increased by 31.8% to the level of Rs. 
19,912.2 million, with EBITDA margins improving by 74 basis points to the level of 
27.7% in Q2 CY2024. With enhanced capacity of preform manufacturing, majority of 
preform requirement is now being manufactured in-house, leading to shifting of 
conversion costs from COGS to other expenses. 
 
Moreover, to get better operational efficiency and low production overheads, we 
have written off small residual values of Property, plant and equipment of certain 
lines from the acquired sub-optimal-sized old plants. All the new production 
categories are fully integrated and backward integrated and the renewable solar 
energy generation facilities, which will further help in reducing fixed costs. 
 
Depreciation increased by 41.0% in Q2 CY2024 on account of the acquisition of 
BevCo and the establishment of new production facilities. Finance costs increased 
by 86.2% primarily due to new production facilities, the acquisition of BevCo and, 
higher borrowing costs. PAT grew by 25.5% to the level of Rs. 12,618.3 million in Q2 
CY2024 from the level of Rs. 10,054.2 million in Q2  CY2023, driven by volume 
growth and improved margins, partially offset by higher depreciation, finance costs 
and write-off’s of Property, plant and equipment values to the extent of approx. Rs. 
700 million. 
As of 30th June 2024, our net debt stood at the level of Rs. 58,808 million, up from 
Rs. 47,345 million as on December 31, 2023. During H1 2024, we spent ~ Rs. 12,000 
million on the capex of CY2024 and around Rs. 6,000 million for the capex of 
CY2025. Additionally, we acquired BevCo for ~Rs. 11,629 million. Consequently, net 
debt increased by about Rs. 11,500 million with the remaining amount funded 
through internal accruals. These strategic investments have expanded our footprint 
and strengthened our presence across several dynamic markets, both in India and 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
the African business. Despite these growth-led investments, our financial stability 
remains strong with debt-equity and debt-to-EBITDA ratios standing at 0.67x and 
1.37x, respectively, as of 30th June 2024. 
 
In H1 of CY2024, the net capex capitalized amounted to ~Rs. 30,000 million, 
excluding BevCo assets. This expenditure was primarily for setting up new greenfield 
production facilities in Supa; Maharashtra, Gorakhpur; Uttar Pradesh and, Khordha; 
Odisha, as well as for brownfield expansion in Morocco. As of June 30th, 2024, the 
capital work in progress and capital advances totalled around Rs. 12,000 million, 
mainly for the DRC plant and Phase 2 of the Gorakhpur plant, which focuses on 
Juice and value-added dairy plants. The net capitalization, capex for CY2024 is 
expected to remain at the earlier disclosed level of Rs. 36,000 million only. 
Considering the continued robust demand for our products as well as diversification 
into our newer product categories, we shall be doing a capitalization of around Rs. 
25,000 million-Rs. 26,000 million for the season of CY2025 primarily towards the 
greenfield production facilities in India and three snacks manufacturing facilities in 
the African markets. Out of the planned capex, about Rs. 3,000 million has already 
been spent till June 2024, and we expect to spend about Rs. 10,000 million more in 
the second half of CY2024. 
 
Our working capital days increased to ~33 days as of 30th June, 2024 from ~21 days 
of 30th June 2023. This increase is attributed to the strategic purchasing of PET 
chips in India and the inorganic expansion into new markets, including BevCo and 
the DRC plant. DRC plant, as indicated earlier, already started commercial 
production on 22nd July 2024, and we have a lot of good hopes out of it. 
 
To conclude, we remain committed to maintaining a strong financial position by 
focusing on the execution of multiple strategic initiatives that we believe will sustain 
our long-term growth trajectory. Our ongoing investments in expanding capacities, 
enhancing our network, on ground infrastructure, and diversifying our product 
portfolio are expected to drive sustainable and continuous growth in the coming 
years. 
 
On that note, I come to an end of the opening remarks and would like to now ask the 
moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions that you may have. 
Thank you. 
 
 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA India. Please go 
ahead.  
Aditya Soman: 
Sir, two questions from my end. Firstly, on India growth, can you give us a sense of 
how growth has planned out in Q3, especially in the first month of Q3, since we had 
a very strong calendar Q3. And related question to that, can you give us a sense of 
how this 23% volume growth that we saw in Q2, how the various months have done, 
particularly energy drinks and on CSD with regards from that? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Our Q3 is also growing in double digits, and we are quite happy with our growth. Q2 
growth was close to 23% in India, which is a very healthy and a very nice growth.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Aditya, as far as Sting is concerned,  it's mix is around 15% in H1. So Sting has 
stabilized, and we are very happy to say that we are holding on to that in a 
competitive scenario and still expanding further. And as far as rest of the mix is 
concerned, we have seen growth in juice and in CSDs, but we have deliberately kept 
the sale of water quite low in this quarter because, as indicated earlier, the margin is 
comparatively lower in case of water. We increased water only in Morocco, where 
realization is much higher as compared to India. And as Chairman said, the outlook 
stays healthy going forward also. 
Aditya Soman: 
I understand, very clear. And then just maybe a second question on the new 
snacking opportunity. At the margin level, would business be similar to what you've 
seen for beverages, or do you have any sense of how the margins for the snacks 
would compare in Morocco, Zimbabwe, and Zambia? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, for each country the margins are different, but overall, we had a very healthy 
EBITDA margin of 27%-28%. 
Raj Gandhi: 
This is for the season. And Aditya, your question is about the snack foods or on the 
beverage for those territories? 
Aditya Soman: 
On snack foods. Beverages, obviously we get the overall average, right? So on 
snack foods, would it be very different from the beverages average or broadly in the 
same beltline? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It would be actually better than the beverages. Snack food has quite healthy margins 
and it's a good business. That's why if you look at it, mostly, it's kept by PepsiCo 
themselves. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. Very clear. And then would you look at this as like a stepping stone to 
hopefully getting more of these in other geographies? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are open to take as many countries they are willing to give us, but it would be in 
the African region only. They are not interested in giving it to us in India. But each 
country is a large market and the 3 countries we have taken alone are $800 million 
worth of market for snacks. 
Raj Gandhi: 
And Aditya, if you remember a few quarters ago when we mentioned it, the initial 
step was starting the first co-packaging at our Kosi plant. Since then, we have been 
regularly providing updates. We think the progress we have made in this short time 
is commendable. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gautam Trivedi from Nepean Capital. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
First of all, congratulations on yet another bumper quarter. So we are happy 
shareholders. With respect to the fact that you are now at 4 million outlets and the 
fact that, as you just mentioned. So I guess my question is that, as you just 
mentioned, Mr. Jaipuria, that the PepsiCo is not expanding the portfolio for snacks 
outside of Kurkure for India as of today, if I understood that right. Would that be 
correct? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, they are keeping the complete snack portfolio for themselves in India. We are 
only co-packing for them in India and that also Kurkure Puffcorn. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
I guess my question is, since we already have an outreach to 4 million outlets and 
have successfully launched Creambell milk products, is there merit in entering the 
snack food business ourselves with our own brands? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We would not like to do that and that would not make our partner happy. We don't 
think we would be doing that, we are getting full support from PepsiCo, especially in 
the African country, they are quite happy to give it to us in Africa. We think there's 
enough room for us to grow, why go into competition with them. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the water business. What you are seeing in this quarter, June 
quarter, the market leader in Juice business base of an impact because out-of-home 
travel being less. So they were expecting and maybe Street were also expecting 
good double digit, but it can be lower than that. Similarly, another listed player, which 
is in Water business, we were also expecting a very strong double digit, but it will be 
lower than that. Wanted to understand in your business also when I see this quarter 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
v/s last year same quarter, around 100 bps lower water contribution is there. So you 
have also seen some impact of less out of on travel? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, there is impact because when it's 45-48 degrees, there is less traffic in the 
market, which you also saw. So there is a definite effect, and we are also not going 
out of our way to push water anyway. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And one follow-up question on the coming quarters. I see your base in India is now 
15% and 18%. And this quarter, the high range, of course, is not conducive because 
the temperature will be lower. In December quarter, the La Nina impact generally, 
the winter is harsher. So would you be still confident that for the entire second half 
CY, you will be confident of double digit. These are early days, I understand. But 
given the base and given the seasonality, would you still expect double-digit growth 
in India? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Consolidated, we see no reason why we should not be doing double digits growth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Not India. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
India also. 
Raj Gandhi: 
The factors influencing the extent of what we are saying are, First, the stability in the 
South where seasonality is flat, so those regions will continue to contribute. 
Secondly, in Africa,  the second quarter of the year is a low season, while the peak 
season is in the fourth quarter. Further, BevCo and DRC will contribute to this trend 
going forward. 
 
What we are seeing in our 30th June results is all the costs associated with setting 
up these operations. We should be mindful that in Africa, through BevCo acquisition 
and a new plant in DRC, we have doubled our capacity this calendar year. The result 
of that has not yet come, but we are seeing the costs, depreciation, and interest 
related to it. We have also taken some strategic decisions where we have taken 
advantage in COGS by stocking PET materials, and the cost of which is getting 
reflected in the interest cost. The interest expense was at its peak last quarter. 
 
And in the next few months, when the costs come down, as our model stays the 
same and as the chairman explained, with these two territories of SA and DRC, for 
whom the season is going to be the fourth quarter, and with the South and West 
India, which have flat seasonality, there is no reason why we should not achieve 
double-digit growth. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, last question, back on Africa. So, on Africa, if I see, another HPC company has 
sold some parts of Africa because of, maybe the potential not being to the desired 
expectation. And if I see per capita income of Africa also last 10 years, it is very 
below initial expectation. So my second question here is if Pepsi is happy in some 
geographies in Africa to give you, what are the pros and cons and how would you 
also meet because currency fluctuation issues, lack of democracy or per capita 
income not at all meeting the expectation, what is initial expectation. What are your 
proactive steps to overcome to you? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
See, if you look at it, the per capita consumption in Africa is 5-6x of that of India. The 
consumption in African countries is very high. Secondly, the population growth in 
Africa is close to 3%. Every year, there is close to 3% people being added. So, there 
is a huge potential. Also, Pepsi is very underpenetrated in Africa, like DRC which 
was a white patch. In South Africa, we are at ~2.0-2.5% market share. So, there’s 
nothing to go down. There’s only upside everywhere, which we have shown in the 
other markets too, we have seen that every year, we have gained share or increased 
our margins and done better. We don’t see any reason in Africa where we would be 
struggling, it might take a little longer, because each country is a different animal. 
Raj Gandhi: 
And you asked in your question that the per capita income is low, but as Chairman 
explained, per capita consumption is higher, which compensates much. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Soft drink is food in Africa, it’s not a luxury. It’s a food. Almost every individual has 
soft drinks in the afternoon. 
Raj Gandhi: 
And on the currency, we think the worst situation is in Zimbabwe. However, we have 
managed very well over the last few years; it’s a debt-free company and is really 
growing. The sugar tax, which came a couple of quarters ago, did cause volumes to 
drop during the transition, but the margins were not affected. Now, volumes have 
started to recover. So, we have learned to manage these challenges in Africa 
effectively.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
If you can manage it, Africa is a great business and going forward it’s looking very 
positive for us. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, I understood on the positive. Just one question on your comment on why Pepsi 
is willing to give some part of Africa, but not willing to give India.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
They don’t give snacks anywhere in the world. This is the first time they have started 
giving snacks. They will give it in the smaller territories. Snacks worldwide, they don’t 
give franchise. We are one of the lucky ones who have got it initially. 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My question is also on the Foods business. 
While there is some idea on what is happening there in terms of the company willing 
to give you a franchisee, etcetera. As investors, if you can give some better guidance 
on how to estimate what kind of sales this business could generate in the next couple 
of years so that we can accordingly model it. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, I think at present we are looking at 3 countries and in the next couple of years, 
we can definitely look at close to $100 million revenue depending on which other 
countries we expand. It’s a growing market and it’s a very lucrative and a positive 
market in snacks because the capex is much lower and the turnovers are much 
higher. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Percy, just see the data points we have already shared. One is the capex. Second 
is the date from when the plants will be installed. Third is the market size. As of now, 
these should be sufficient because we only have these data points. Once this starts, 
the size of the market and PepsiCo’s presence will be factors to consider. The rest 
of the projections depend on the date by when the plants will be ready. According to 
the new guidelines, we have to inform about any new investment. So, we have 
informed and are now working on those things. Except in Morocco, where we had 
the selling and distribution agreement and sales started ahead of time. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood, sir. Second question is on the capex. If I look at your cash flow 
statement, in addition to the acquisition, there is a Rs. 2,000 crores of capex as per 
the cash flow. And if I look at the balance sheet, there is about a Rs. 3,000 crores of 
capitalization. So, if you can just help me for the remaining half of the year, how 
much we should see capex in the cash flow and how much more in terms of 
capitalization? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Percy, you remember on the 31st of December, we mentioned that out of this year's 
total estimated capex of Rs. 3,600 crore, approximately Rs. 2,400 crore was sitting 
in CWIP.  
Out of the opening CWIP of Rs. 2,400 crore plus Rs. 1,200 crore spent in the current 
year for current year’s capex, Rs. 3,000 crore is capitalized, and Rs. 600 crore will 
be capitalized later. The major part of remaining capitalization was DRC, which got 
capitalized on the 22nd of July, with Rs. 400-plus crore, and roughly Rs. 200 crore 
is in Gorakhpur, which is still a work-in-progress. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
For the next year, about Rs. 2,600 crore is planned for new plants coming up in areas 
near the market to take freight benefit and handle the competition more effectively. 
Out of the planned capex for next year season, about Rs. 300 crores has already 
been spent till June 2024 and we expect to spend about Rs. 1000 crores more in the 
second half of CY24. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So basically, next 6 months, the cash outflow you are saying will be 
about Rs. 1,200 crores for next 6 months? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Rs. 1,000 crores, roughly. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Rs. 300 crores is already incurred. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, congratulations on a very good performance, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, 
this 23% growth when we compare it to about 40%-45% expansion in our capacity. 
I guess some of it is due to delay in opening of some of the plants, which happened 
during the quarter. The question is to check is in even for a short period of time, did 
we touch the peak capacity in the June quarter? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, for very short period before some of our new plants started because some of 
the plants got delayed slightly because of the supply chain issues and the containers 
getting delayed. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Moreover, majority of the expansion was for CSD Lines in India.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. Second question is on margin time. Our stand-alone EBITDA margin 
improved largely in line with the gross margin improvement that we have seen. 
However, in the consolidated level, there is some mismatch between gross margin 
gains and EBITDA margin gains. What is the reason for that, sir? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Yes, this is because of consolidation of South Africa territory, which has come with 
its own brands, and their higher costs. This was the first quarter, and South Africa's 
ratios are slightly different. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
One, it was the first quarter. Second, it was the winter quarter, which is the worst 
quarter for the African region and especially South Africa. So, give us another quarter 
and we will be pretty used to South African systems and market. We are just 
correcting all the weaknesses to be prepared for the next season, which is coming 
up in the fourth quarter of the year.  

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Raj Gandhi: 
And in Q2, basically, one, we were setting it right in South Africa. And secondly, we 
were installing the DRC, which is now operational and started contributing from this 
quarter. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
A couple of bookkeeping questions. The working capital days have inched up to 31. 
Can we expect normalization back to 20-odd days at CY 2024 end? 
Raj Gandhi: 
In fact, in a couple of months, you'll see the difference. As already explained, we 
purchased excess PET chips worth about Rs. 250 crore to take advantage of the 
pricing, which has led to a substantial increase in the gross margin. However, this 
has been partially offset by an increase in inventory carrying cost and interest cost. 
Nonetheless, it made sense as it brought savings. So, we decided to proceed with 
this strategy. In the normal course, if we stop purchases, the excess inventory will 
be liquidated in the next couple of months. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And sir, you mentioned about margins in the snacking business better being, 
better than the overall beverages business. Can you throw some light on asset turns 
for this business? Are these also better versus the beverage business? 
Raj Gandhi: 
It should be similar, and the only advantage is that we don't have to run that business 
with three shifts, which is not that complicated. In this business, we don't have to 
make adjustments in the off-season, reduce the staff, and still manage the shaw. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The seasonality curve is much better in snacks. It's reasonably flat. So you get a 
much better return on your capital. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital Management. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
My question is regarding the usage of recycled PET chips. So if my interpretation is 
correct, you will have to use 30% recycled content, I think, from 1st of April 2025. So 
given, I believe there are capacity constraints in the market and Indorama joint 
venture potentially is not active yet. So how are you planning to comply with the 
regulations from per capita as well? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The joint venture plant will be operational next year and will be sufficient to give us 
close to 30% of our requirement. Between what we are buying and what the plant 
will be able to produce, we don't see any challenge. 
Raj Gandhi: 
And as a trial, last year we started production of Pepsi Black from recycled PET 
procured from outside. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Nitesh Dutt: 
And sir, what will be the impact of this on your cost of PET chips? Would it be gross 
margin dilutive? Also, do you expect any kind of relaxations in this from the 
government or regulators? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We don't know about the relaxation part, but it's not very negative on margins. It's 
very close to the virgin PET chips. So we don't think it's much of a margin issue. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: 
My first question was, sir, if you could give some flavour on the market share which 
we have in Africa for the Beverages business, we understand South Africa, it's low 
single digit, but if you could remind us what is our market share across the markets 
we are present here? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Sheela, as we have already informed you that we have different share in different 
markets, South Africa we just discussed. And in Zimbabwe last year, we reported 
~71% market share on a full year basis. And we finished at about 35% in Zambia. 
And including water, we did ~30% in Morocco. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Just a follow-up on the question asked earlier on working capital days. So you 
mentioned that this will be resolved in the next couple of months. Does that also 
mean for the consolidated changes also, which we are seeing because of BevCo? 
Because you know inventory days are higher, debtor days are higher as well as the 
receivable days are higher. So I just want to understand whether all this will improve 
in the coming months. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Well, as far as the effect of BevCo is concerned, it will take time. It will start showing 
results from the next quarter, but it will take a lot of time because there are many 
fundamental issues to correct. Market penetration needs to be deepened so that we 
can dictate the terms. Currently, most of their volume sales are to large modern trade 
outlets, where it's very difficult to dictate terms; instead, they decide the terms for the 
number of days of credit period. This will not change in a couple of days but rather 
in a few months. The impact will be felt in a couple of months, and it will definitely be 
addressed over time. 
As far as India is concerned, it’s in good shape because we have been in this 
business for 50 years. And in South Africa, we have only been there for 4 months. 
Initially, we are assessing what needs to be done. On the margin front, the realization 
is much lower for own brands, about 30% lower than the PepsiCo brands in that 
country. The mix of PepsiCo brands, which used to be 15%, has already increased 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
to 18.5%. Gradually, PepsiCo brand’s sales mix will start improving, and this will 
help. 
We need to create our own larger facilities with economies of scale, like in India. All 
three of our plants that started this year in India are using solar electricity. We 
generate our own power and do 100% backward integration in-house. We are aware 
of these changes in India, and we plan to replicate them in SA, though it will take 
time. However, we should not underestimate the value of our investment. Acquiring 
five operational plants for ~ Rs. 1,200 crore was too reasonable, and we need to 
capitalize on that. We have taken a big step, but the results will take time to come in. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Congratulations once again for delivering superb numbers. Sir, you have already 
explained, but still made a bit of clarification that your staff cost and other expenses 
as well as finance cost, as expanded both for the stand-alone as well as consolidated 
entity. So if you can just explain like why such a big jump in staff cost, particularly. 
Raj Gandhi: 
9 plants were added in H1 compared to the last year: 5 in South Africa, 3 in India, 
and 1 in DRC. The results of these additions are yet to come in. As we mentioned, it 
will take some time for us to stabilize. The expenses have already come in, but the 
revenue will start building up. And for South Africa, as we have discussed, keep in 
mind that it was the off season. If you calculate the interest cost and depreciation in 
India for November, December, and January, it mirrors the winter months in South 
Africa. We will see the positive impact over the next two quarters. Improvements will 
come as we make progress, and the steps we are taking will bring advantages, as 
well as economies of scale and backward integration. 
Today, they have to buy everything from outside, unlike in India where we 
manufacture everything in-house, except for concentrate and sugar. Further, ~85% 
of their sales are from their own brand, and they don't have the ability to upcharge in 
the market. They are treated as B-Brands, where the realizations are 30% lower than 
if we manufactured the same product on the same equipment with the same sugar, 
but for the PepsiCo brand, which is a more premium, well-accepted, and recognized 
brand. On the availability side, as we mentioned, we had to make a lot of 
adjustments. Currently, they are too dependent on modern trade.  
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Understood. And lastly, I just wanted to check that you will continue to be on an 
investment phase for quite some time to come, which is, in a way, a good thing 
because you have that kind of a growth opportunity ahead of you. And is there any 
way to articulate that what kind of minimum return on capital employed or any other 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
risk parameter like net debt to equity or something which you are closely monitoring 
while you're driving your growth trajectory? 
Raj Gandhi: 
 Firstly, regarding the debt-to-equity and debt-to-EBITDA ratios, we are very 
cognizant of those and are monitoring them closely. Based on these ratios, we 
decide on any capital expenditure. The only time we felt the need to address this 
was in 2019 when we were acquiring South and West India, which led us to do a 
QIP. Currently, all these ratios are well under control, and we are in a very happy 
situation. So there is nothing to worry about; these issues have been taken care of. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara Capital. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sir, just on the comment that you made on international volumes, which are flat ex 
of BevCo and that you ascribe it to shift towards zero or low sugar. One, while you 
indicated 46% of the volumes is low sugar, I mean, majority of that would be in the 
international market, right? Just one clarification. 
Raj Gandhi: 
That's right. Yes. 
Amit Purohit: 
Yes. And this shift has been happening for quite some time, right? Why has the 
impact been seen probably in this quarter? And how do we think about it going 
forward in this transition? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The impact was temporary, which was mainly in Zimbabwe, which is a large 
international market for us, before South Africa and DRC starts. There was a special 
tax on sugar. So there was a complete change in the portfolio and that's why there 
was an effect on volumes for this quarter, which has already changed now,  the 
market is growing back into normal, and we are growing in that territory again.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP 
Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sir, my question is on the realization front. In this quarter, our realization stood flat 
and we have stated that because of the consolidation of the BevCo business, where 
the margins are quite lower, the realization stood flat. Considering the fact that in the 
second half of the year, when season for Africa business is quite good, should we 
expect realization to be lower in the second half of the year on a YoY basis? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Kaustubh, there are two things to consider: one is South Africa, which will bring it 
down, and the other is DRC, which might take it up. Let's wait and see. We are 
analyzing this ourselves, and maybe both will compensate, and we might end up 
with the same monthly revenue growth and per case sales growth. Moreover, in 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
South Africa, the mix will also be changing. For example, from the 15% mix of 
PepsiCo brands we have moved to 18.5% in South Africa, without adding even a 
single bottle of capacity or doing backward integration. If we can increase this further, 
the top line will grow from its previous level. We would be happy if we are able to 
continue this trend. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Right. Second, maybe Q3, Q4 might give us a better understanding how the 
realization would pan out. 
Raj Gandhi: 
That's right. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: And just from the understanding point of view, we are seeing the contribution of no 
sugar or low sugar products going up, are realization and margins in this product 
much better than the conventional Pepsi products? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
That's right. Our margins are better with low sugar and no sugar. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Once the contribution pick up, I think that should also add to your profitability going 
ahead. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes. It depends which country and where, but it will definitely help. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Yes. Is it possible to give the volume growth or how many million cases BevCo sold 
in the last season, which is the fourth quarter? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Quarter-wise, we can’t give historical numbers but they sold about 112 million cases 
last year. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
The entire financial year, you are saying? 
Raj Gandhi: 
That's right. Last calendar year. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
And this quarter, it was 28 million cases, right? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Only for the current quarter, you are saying? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Yes which is 1/4th of 112 that is 28, and this is the weakest quarter. This tells the total 
story. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
What you are saying is earlier, you mentioned that you will be seeing quite a lot of 
changes in BevCo in the upcoming season. Can you just share some light on what 
kind of changes we are expecting there? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Changes with respect to our go-to-market, our backward integration. It will take time, 
but we are going to correct and that's why we have taken the market with such a low 
share. But if you look at it, what the total year volume was, we are achieving 25% of 
that practically in the lowest quarter, which is the weakest quarter of the year. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Now that you have understood the market a little bit better when you acquired the 
company, can you throw a little bit more light on what kind of opportunity you are 
looking? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It's a new country, and we've only been there for 2-3 months. We have given you 
enough information that, during the worst winter, we are achieving the numbers we 
should. We can't give you the complete exact detail at this point. We wish you would 
give us a couple of quarters to really understand the country. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
One more thing is that you had mentioned that DRC will be a big opportunity. Can 
you just throw more light on that? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It’s a big opportunity because there's more than 100 million population. And it's 
practically on the equator. There, it's summer all the time. The seasonality is very 
low there. There's no change in seasonality throughout the year. So it's a good 
market and it will be a constant throughout the year market. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
What's the presence of Varun Beverage over there or through PepsiCo? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We have just started 8 days back. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Can you say that, I mean, apart from India and South Africa, this can be our biggest 
market for you? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, we won't say it's the biggest market, but it will be a decent market for us. India 
of-course is much bigger, and it will always be the biggest market. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
And what about the consumption wise, per capita consumption there? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Africa per capita consumptions are all high everywhere, South Africa being the 
highest. I don't have the exact number, but it would be at least 3-4x of India. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shravan Rajpurohit from Nakshatra Assignment. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Shravan Rajpurohit: 
Sir, my question is, what is your guidance for next year? How much percent we can 
grow next year? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We can't give you exact number. We have said double digit looks feasible, and that's 
what we can tell you. 
Shravan Rajpurohit: 
Sir, one more question. What kind of growth we can expect in the next 2 quarters? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, again, the same thing we are saying we should grow double digits. That's the 
guidance we are giving and that's what it was feasible. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. I'll now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank 
you once again for your interest and support and for taking the time out to join us on 
this call. Look forward to interacting with you all soon. Thank you very much. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
