 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 80 69134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com,CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
 
Date: August 7, 2024 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on July 31, 2024 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
We hereby enclose the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, July 31, 
2024 at 5:00 PM (IST), post announcement of financial results of the Company for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2024. The audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call along with 
the Transcript have been uploaded on the Company’s website at www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
NAGAM
ANI C Y
Digitally signed by 
NAGAMANI C Y 
Date: 2024.08.07 
16:05:56 +05'30'

1 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2025 
 
July 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
 
Kayum Dhanani 
:  Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal 
:  Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit V Betala 
:  Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma 
:  Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

           4, 2021 
2 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited’s 
(Barbeque Nation) Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma, Head of Investor Relations. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Bijay Sharma 
Thank you, Laiba. Good evening and welcome, everyone to Barbeque Nation's Q1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. For today's call, I have with me Mr. Kayum Dhanani, Managing 
Director; Mr. Rahul Agrawal, CEO and Whole Time Director; and Mr. Amit Betala, CFO. 
We will begin the call with Mr. Kayum sharing his perspective on key highlights for the 
quarter. This will be followed by a detailed discussion on business performance and 
outlook by Mr. Rahul, post that we'll open the forum for an interactive Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Kindly refer to the earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. I will now hand over the 
conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I take the pleasure in welcoming 
you to Q1 FY '25 conference call of Barbeque Nation. The operating environment remained 
challenging in Q1 and have been so for last few quarters. However, we are seeing gradual 
month-on-month improvement in SSSG numbers during the last 4 months and remain 
hopeful that things will gradually improve during the rest of the year. 
As you are aware, during the previous year, we had chosen to focus on existing network 
and temporarily paused restaurant additions with an intention to protect margins and cash 
flows. We are happy to note that our margins have been improving on  Y-o-Y basis for last 
3 quarters. We expect the margins to further improve with gradual improvement in the 
demand scenario. 
 
Though our approach led to temporary reduction in our Y-o-Y revenue, we are pleased to 
see our operating margins improving. The benefit from various cost and efficiency 
initiatives undertaken has delivered positive margin growth on Y-o-Y basis. While our 
same-store sales growth was negative, our same-store EBITDA growth was positive.  
 
Barbeque-Nation's core business has delivered mid-single digit same-store EBITDA 
growth driven by gross margin improvement. Our premium dine-in brands i.e., Toscano 
and Salt are growing well and have delivered high operating margins. Our International 

           4, 2021 
3 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
business continues to perform well, though we had temporary impact in sales due to floods 
and prolonged rainfall in Dubai.  
We are focused on maintaining best-in-category guest experience to drive dine-in footfalls. 
We have undertaken various food festivals in Barbeque Nation and launched seasonal 
special menus in Toscano and Salt. We are continuing to invest in our assets and designs 
to give the best-in-category experience to our guests.  
We are also on track to achieve 25 to 30 new stores additions in FY '25. During the quarter, 
we opened 4 new restaurants, all of which are with upgraded designs. We are targeting to 
add 100 plus restaurants over the next 3 years and achieve a network of 325 restaurants by 
FY '27. 
 
Over the years, we have built strong tech-driven backend processes to scale brands and is 
probably the best in the casual dining category in India. We believe these proprietary 
backend systems will help us scale other existing and future brands in our portfolio. Over 
the years, we have maintained industry leading margins, and we'll strive to achieve these 
and generate strong cash flows to drive shareholder value.  
Thank you, and I would now hand over to Rahul to walk you through the performance in 
detail.  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Kayum. Good evening, everyone. 
During the quarter, we reported a revenue of INR306 crores, a decline of 5.6% on a Y-o-
Y basis, and a growth of 2.6% sequentially. The Y-o-Y decline in revenue was primarily 
due to negative same-store sales growth, around 4% impact was due to store closures in 
the previous year and controlled new store additions last year.  
We reported negative SSSG of 7.4%. While we continue to navigate the industry challenges 
around subdued discretionary spend, few company specific factors also negatively 
impacted SSSG. In Barbeque Nation we had base impact of relatively higher sales from 
value promotions undertaken in Q1 FY'24, which were discontinued subsequently. Also 
being predominantly a non-vegetarian brand, Barbeque Nation's sales were also impacted 
by Navratra festivals which was not in the base quarter. In our premium CDR segment, 
that is Toscano and Salt, there was onetime impact of liquor serving restaurants being 
closed during general elections in few states. And our International business, also got 
temporarily impacted due to heavy rains and floods in Dubai. Our dine-in/delivery mix 
continues to be 85% to 15%.  
Gross margins for the quarter increased by about 400 basis points on a Y-o-Y basis. Around 
80 basis points improvement was due to reclassification adjustments carried out in Q3 FY 
'24, wherein employee food costs shifted from cost of goods sold to employee costs. And 

           4, 2021 
4 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
the balance improvement is due to better realizations in this quarter as compared to Q1 FY 
'24, and balance improvements is due to lower input cost. Restaurant operating margins 
increased by 200 basis points driven by better gross margins and cost controls. This is 
despite the operating de-leverage from negative SSSG.  
Consolidated operating EBITDA for the quarter increased by 8.8% to INR51 crores. 
Reported operating margins also increased by 220 basis points compared to last year to 
16.6%. Adjusted operating EBITDA, i.e., after the impact of Ind-AS grew by 18% to 
INR21 crores. Adjusted operating EBITDA margins for the quarter was 6.9%, an 
improvement of 140 basis points compared to same period last year. We also maintained 
robust EBITDA to cash conversion and delivered around INR20 crores of cash profit, an 
increase of 17.4% compared to same period last year.  
We remain focused on maintaining best-in-category guest experience to drive our dine-in 
growth. We will continue to invest in our restaurant culinary experience and restaurant 
asset upgradations to drive our core dine-in business. We added 4 new restaurants during 
the quarter and closed 2 restaurants. At the close of the quarter, we had 219 restaurants, 
which included 186 restaurants of Barbeque Nation in India, 8 Barbeque Nation restaurants 
in international markets and 25 restaurants of Toscano and Salt, out of which Toscano was 
17 and Salt was 8. 
 
In the near to medium term, our growth would be network-led along with SSSG 
improvement. We plan to add 100 new restaurants by FY '27, which will be broad-based 
across our brands. We are excited to build a portfolio of scaled F&B brands and remain 
optimistic that these initiatives undertaken by us, coupled with network expansion, would 
further enhance our operating performance.  
Thank you. With this, we can open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Congrats on good margins. I just wanted to check on some of these issues that you 
mentioned were largely April and May centric. So if you could just help understand how 
June and July has trended if the performance from SSSG perspective? And also going into 
Q2, we did have the impact in the base quarter of an extended morning period last time 
around, which affects at least non-veg a little bit more as well. In that context, how do you 
see the trend shaping up over the next quarter or so? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The one-off that we mentioned are largely April and May phenomena. If you look at our 
April SSSG was down almost double digit. This subsequently improved in both May and 
June. And for the overall quarter, we had around 7.4% negative. And if I look at the first 4 
weeks of July, we are approximately minus 3%. That trend is improving, and that gives us 

           4, 2021 
5 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
that confidence from where we were in the month of April to May and June and July is 
slightly better. 
 
Quarter 2 last year was largely impacted because of Adhik masa. Now also, we have 
Shravana going on, which impacts our business in some manner. Despite this, we are at 
minus 3%. My hope is that as we enter into August and Shravana ends around 20th of 
August, we will have close to 1 month to play and then Shradh starts. So quarter 2 generally 
is the weakest for us, but I hope that the negative trend that we saw in quarter 1, is not 
continuing in the same way in quarter 2. I think we are seeing positive numbers in trend-
wise in the month of July. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And the second thing is on dine-in, I mean while you're not a QSR, you're a CDR business, 
but QSRs continue to have weak kind of dine-in performance. Dine-in as an overall space 
seems to have been a little bit more weak over the last few quarters. I just wanted to 
understand what is the kind of your prognosis of demand, consumer behaviour, etc., for 
your price points? That would be very helpful. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, dine-in has been impacted much more but at least for our brands and as you know, 
generally the demand decline has largely been on the value segment. We consider 
Barbeque Nation as more of a value brand, whereas our other premium CDRs like Toscano 
and Salt our SSSG numbers have been positive, if you look at last year (full year) and 
barring the impact of few restaurant closures because of elections. This year also overall 
numbers have been just flattish. 
 
The impact has been more in Barbeque Nation. And in Barbeque Nation, while dine-in has 
been by and large impacted. We have core group level demand that we satisfy. And that 
business is not directly impacted because of any other channel that has come up. And if I 
look at regional shift between our dine-in business today for the month of July, for example, 
we're already seeing things in positive SSSG in our North and East market, West is 
approximately flattish, but South is negatively impacted much more than other regions. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay, understood. And the third thing was on the 100 store target for next 3 years. Could 
you just help to understand how much of this in your view will be Barbeque India-led and 
how much of it will be non-Barbeque-India-led. And so basically, everything else, one side 
and Barbeque India one side. So in terms of expansion over the next 3 years? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, around 12 stores will be from Barbeque International, which is between 3 to 4 store 
every year. Around 40 stores will come from our Premium CDR between 2 brands, which 
is Toscano and Salt. So we'll do around 10 to 12 stores every year of these. And balance 
50 will come from Barbeque India. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it, I'll come back for more. 

           4, 2021 
6 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth. 
Palash Kawale: 
Congratulations on margins. Sir, my first question is around gross margin. So could you 
just explain in details so what are the different drivers of margin expansion? And have we 
taken any price hikes in last 1 year? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
2 parts to it. If you look at our gross margin versus quarter 1 of last year and quarter 1 of 
this year, there is almost 400 basis points change. And if you look at our past quarter results, 
you will see that in quarter 3, based on the auditor's suggestion, we started reclassifying 
the cost of meals that are served to employees at the store level, which has moved from 
cost of goods sold to employee cost. And that gave us a benefit of approximately 80 basis 
points, which is then also in the current year. And in Q1 FY '24, we had a lot of offer driven 
growth, which has reduced our average realization. So to that extent, yes, there is a price 
difference. But if you compare our gross margins with the sequential quarter 4, there is a 
decline in gross margin of approximately 70 basis points. And that is largely because of 
increase in meat item, largely chicken in quarter 1. And also because of express offering 
that we're running in some of our Tier 2 markets, which is at lower gross margin. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay, sir. what was the contribution of value sales last year in Q1? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We ran very aggressive Happy Monday, Tuesday offers, which is wherein the prices there 
around INR600, as compared to our regular prices of around INR850 also. And these ran 
for 2 days, which is approximately 30% of the month, of the quarter and this ran in 
approximately 60% to 65% of our outlets. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And sir, what is the that stable gross margin that we are looking into for FY '25 and 
FY '26, given the chicken and meat prices remain stable? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, this is 68% at the current reporting structure, 68% margin is stable for the full year. I 
think after that, we have seen those prices also coming down in the month of July, we've 
already seen that benefit coming in. Also, prawn prices have also reduced a bit in the 
current quarters, in the ongoing quarter, which will help us. I think full year basis 68% is a 
decent number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chaitanya, an Individual Investor. 
Chaitanya: 
I had 2 questions majorly with respect to opening of new restaurants. So first, what is the 
capex for opening a new Barbeque Nation restaurant, and what would be the amount of 
pre-operating expenses that form a part of this capex? And second, how much time does it 
take for a new restaurant to ramp up? And what will be the expected payback period? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Our capex is now approximately INR3 crores per store. Our preoperative would account 
around 10% on these capex, and the payback periods are also around 3 years, if I look at 
long-term data of our store performances for each of these categories. 

           4, 2021 
7 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
Chaitanya: 
Understood. And this pre-operating expenses, these are capitalized or expensed off? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Part of these are capitalized, part of these are expensed off. So anything which relates to 
addition of assets are capitalized and anything which is operating in nature are expensed 
off. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Resha Mehta: 
This SSSG of negative 7.4%. Can you break that up for Barbeque-India specificity between 
dine-in and delivery? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We don't provide that breakup Resha, but broadly, if you look at our mix of dine-in and 
delivery, it is similar to what it was in the quarter 1 of last year. The impact is pretty much 
proportional in both the cases. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And also you did speak about Q2 being the weakest, etc. But otherwise, how do you 
see the overall regular demand? Are there any green shoots, any form of improvement that 
you are seeing around? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, we are. Like I said, if you look at first 4 months of this financial year, there has been 
a sequential improvement from April to May and June to July now. While Q2 is weaker, 
Q2 also was weaker in the previous year. And SSSG-wise, the numbers are slightly better. 
But we would like to remain cautious because if you look at our trend in quarter 3 and 
quarter 4, so we're tracking pretty well. 
 
And then in quarter 1, at a business level, we're down more than expected. I think our focus 
now is SSSG and on improving our margins further. There are a lot of cost initiatives that 
have been taken last year, and that's the reason why one, is gross margin, but also at the 
cost levels also, if you look at also fixed cost levels at stores, there's a per-store expense 
decline, that has played out, and that is something that we will continue to tightly control, 
that we try and defy as much as possible, the negative operating leverage that comes out in 
this business. And second focus is also on growth. I think our consolidation, rationalization, 
cannibalization, all of these impacts have gone. While we'll continue to maybe relook at 
our portfolio and close 1 restaurant in a quarter but the growth of new stores is right on top 
in our agenda. And a good thing is that the growth is very well spread out across brands 
and markets, which will also reduce the impact of negative margins that comes from the 
new store expansion. So that's the plan. And over 3 years, looking at it, we'll see that 
markets will sort of change and will give us that benefit. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And is there any seasonality that's been between Q4 and Q1? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, Q1 normally is better because of summer holidays in most of the places. So family 
demands go up. Quarter 4, you get the benefit of first weeks of January, but February, 
number of days are lesser, that impacts a lot. And March demand from families normally 

           4, 2021 
8 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
drops because of kid's exams. Generally, historically pre-COVID our quarter 1 versus 
quarter 4, quarter 1 has been marginally better. 
Resha Mehta: 
And lastly, on your SSSG, which is negative 7.4%. So if you take out the stores that were 
closed, then what will the SSSG look like? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We had mentioned there are 4 factors specifically. And if I put all of these together, we 
believe there is an impact of approximately 3% on SSSG because of that. So adjusted for 
that in our view it is around 4.5% which has declined, evident decline because of market 
factors. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena Investments. 
Bhavin Pande: 
So just wanted to understand, recently vegetable prices have increased significantly. So 
will we see any impact on gross margins this quarter? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We don't see much. The cost of vegetables in our overall purchase basket is relatively 
smaller. And even if we see mid-single-digit inflation on those, it really doesn't impact our 
gross margins as such. I think the real change happens from meat basket, which is chicken, 
prawn, mutton and fish. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. And expanding on that only. So when we look at sort of non-veg or meat market in 
India, every quarter there could be some period where there's some festival and the 
consumption gets delayed. So is there a way to make business immune from this pattern? 
Or do you think it's part of the business, which should be recovered in a quarter, which has 
minimal of these days? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The seasonal factors do impact. When we say that quarter 2 is seasonally the weakest 
quarter, it happens because quarter 2 also has a lot of festive days or veg-only days like 
Shravana, Shradh in which specifically in North India, Hindi-speaking guys, they don't 
consume non-veg, and that drops significantly. Maybe on the positive side, during festive 
season's second week of December onwards to around 1st week of January, there's a lot of 
going out, which helps our dine-in business a lot. To that extent, and our business is a high 
operating leverage business so even if the demand moves 10% plus minus, it starts 
impacting in your overall top line and margins. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. And do you think post-COVID, the dine-in business and the way people spend on 
restaurant has changed significantly or do you think it's just a patch of demand slowdown 
due to high inflation. And once this inflation is behind us, we can see streams of demand 
that we saw post pre-COVID? Or do you think now because the aggregate is coming in, 
delivery will also account for significant chunk of the business? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No. Inherently, dine-in business have been around for many, many years, and dine-in is 
not just food, but it's also experience. I think, yes, delivery is growing across the segments. 

           4, 2021 
9 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
But delivery is also replacing mostly the home-cooking business, and also creating new 
demands, which were not serviced earlier because they are not going out and doing that or 
eating. For example, deserts, where-in earlier you had to go out and there was inertia, but 
now you can order in that.  
 
Specifically for dine-in segment, which is where the product is not just food but also 
experience, also ambiance, service, all of these put together and you have a great meal with 
your dear ones, that is a segment that is continuing to remain. It has remained in for many, 
many years and will not impact. I think delivery helps to the extent of giving one more 
channel of revenue and growing the market as such. In terms of dine-in, I think 2 trends 
that we see if I compare before COVID. One is that there is increased level of competition 
coming in. If you look at during COVID-times, there was some reduction in the overall 
industry level supply which pretty much benefited a lot of players during the entire calendar 
year '22. And as COVID was behind us and new supply sort of kept coming in, this overall 
demand got distributed across multiple players that's trend that we are seeing in the dine-
in side of the business. The second trend is that there is clear drive towards premium 
experiences, and that's the reason why some of our premium portfolio brands while they 
are small, has done better. 
 
And on the value segment, there is clearly an impact of lower money in the pocket because 
of inflation. So mix of all these factors, it has led to that decrease. Frankly, I'm already 
seeing some trends of stress in some of the smaller unorganized players, wherein they 
realize that with the SSSG numbers being lower, it's very difficult to sustain this 
operationally-heavy business. I think some of these consolidations, in my view, should also 
happen over the period of next maybe 4 to 8 quarters. And once that corrects, there will 
also be a normalization happening in our industry that we saw pre-COVID. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. And just contrary to what other listed QSR players are doing in terms of introducing 
new basket of products. Most of them are skewed towards the entry-level products. But 
when we look at broad theme of India, we are betting on our capita going for up, 
premiumization happening, where more gourmet restaurants, as you mentioned luxury 
dining, premium dining should pick up. So what do you think is the opportunity for listed 
players and QSR players like you to capitalize on it? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I'll restrain from talking about QSRs. I think I understand CDR very well, as compared to 
my understanding of QSRs. But I think I believe the opportunity in the country is pretty 
much for every segment. We have a large country and at least in the top 30 cities of this 
country, you can build a scaled business across brands as long as you deliver on the brand 
promise to your guests. 
 
And with that philosophy, I think we have an opportunity to build on our existing Barbeque 
Nation, and we have opportunity to also build on our 2 premium CDR brands, Toscano and 
Salt which today are in 3 and 2 cities only. This year, we plan to enter 2 more cities in both 

           4, 2021 
10 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
the brands. And overall, I think scale becomes a big advantage for restaurants. And we 
know the journey of last 10 years when we had to invest in our back end to grow 1 brand. 
And now that we have that advantage of the back end, we will try and take it up to other 
brands as we scale up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amruta from Wealth Managers (India) Private 
Limited. 
Amruta: 
So I've got 2 questions. The first is, do we offer the delivery service in the premium CDR 
segment in the Toscano and Salt? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, we do. 
Amruta: 
All right. And we have like for FY '24, roughly around 17%, 18% of the revenue came 
from the premium CDR and the International business. And from FY '24 to '27, we are 
looking to more than doubling this number of stores. So what kind of a revenue 
contribution are we targeting for FY '27 from these? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, I think store economics would remain same. So gradually, there's a diversification of 
the portfolio happening and over the period of a few years, this will move in favor of the 
other brands. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investment. 
Pritesh: 
Sir, I just wanted to know the sensitivity of restaurant operating margin to SSSG. What 
will be the sensitivity? For every 1% SSSG growth now, what should be the margin 
change? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It ranges between 40% to 50%. 
Pritesh: 
So for every 1%, SSSG gains 50 basis point margin, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Pritesh: 
Any case, I had calculated 60 basis. I just wanted to confirm with this. And your comment 
is that on the SSSG side, based on your best guess when do you see the SSSG is improving? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, I think with quarter 3, this should further improve. We are seeing this trend over last 4 
months as we discussed in the previous part of the call. And these 2 months, both August 
and September also have some disturbances because of a lot of vegetarian days. So I think 
quarter 3 is the right time that where we can see that further improving. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khush Gosrani from InCred Asset Management. 

           4, 2021 
11 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
Khush Gosrani: 
I just wanted 2 data points, as earlier, we used to give new store versus mature store revenue 
per store in margins. So if you could highlight how it has been in Q1 as well, that would 
be helpful. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
On the matured stores, we did revenue per store of around INR5.9 crores. With restaurant 
operating margin of around 15%. In new stores, we did revenue per store of INR4.6 crores 
with restaurant operating margin of 8%. 
Khush Gosrani: 
8%, Okay. And if the SSSG improves, what kind of margins will look especially in new 
stores? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The new store doesn't come into SSSG, but new store should have a natural co-relation of 
vintage, which should improve our margins. 
Khush Gosrani: 
And the new store moves to a mature store after 3 years or after 2 years? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
2 years is how we calculate this. 
Khush Gosrani: 
And so then peak post-Ind AS margins when the SSSG improves can go back to like what 
we have done in 18.5%, 19% in Q3? For a mature store, if my data is right. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Q3 I think should be better than that. Q3 should be 20% plus. Q3 also is seasonally 
strongest quarter for us. 
Khush Gosrani: 
And by year-end, what is the target number of stores that we want to do? So right now, we 
are 219 combined. So what would be our target by end of the year to reach? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We will be anywhere between 240 to 245. 
Khush Gosrani: 
And last question from my side. Sir, what is the per store capex for a Toscano and for a 
Salt? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It's around INR3 crores for both . They are slightly premium so capex per square feet is 
slightly higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's call. On 
behalf of Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 

           4, 2021 
12 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Q1FY2025 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Ltd. 
+91 080 6902 8721 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not an exact verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.barbequenation.com 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, 
statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to barbeque Nation’s future business 
developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations 
concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual 
developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-
economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, 
technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key 
factors that could affect our business and financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any 
forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
