 
August 07, 2024 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
           To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2024   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), we are submitting the Transcripts of Conference Call 
held on Thursday, August 01, 2024, in respect of the financial results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2024.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Nehal Shah 
Director 
DIN: 02766841 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEHAL 
SHAH
Digitally signed 
by NEHAL SHAH 
Date: 2024.08.07 
16:18:38 +05'30'

 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
August 01, 2024 
 
Call Duration 
 
49 minutes and 03 seconds 
Management Attendees 
 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy-  Growth, Innovation 
and Partnerships 
 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
 
Jyoti Singh – Arihant Capital 
 
Manan Vandur – Wallfort PMS 
 
Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital 
 
Shadab Akhtar – Individual Investor 
 
Ashish – JM Financial Mutual Fund 
 
Aditya Mutha – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Allied Digital Services 
Limited's Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Vaswani 
Thank you, Nirav. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us 
on Allied Digital Services Limited Earnings Call for the 1st Quarter of 
Financial Year 2024-25. 
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah - Founder and CMD; 
Mr. Nehal Shah – Whole-Time Director; Mr. Paresh Shah - Global CEO; 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan - Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships, and Mr. Gopal Tiwari - Chief 
Financial Officer. 
We will open with comments from the Chairman, following which Mr. 
Nehal Shah will cover recent developments across the business, Mr. 
Paresh Shah will then cover the operational performance and order wins 
followed by Mr. Ramanathan, who will speak on strategic objectives. Mr. 
Gopal Tiwari will briefly walk us through key financial perspectives. 
Thereafter, we shall open the call for the Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our Chairman, Mr. Nitin Shah for 
his Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Nitin Shah 
Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the 
time to join our earning call. 
We continue to see a strong demand for our services. India market is very 
solid. The nature of contracts is also changing. Customers are evaluating 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 19 
transformative projects, and they are thinking big because the cost of 
being left behind from their peers is very high. Taking big indicates that 
we are seeing changing scope of engagement towards greater degree of 
emerging technologies like Cloud, Cyber Security, AI and machine 
learning. 
We commemorated our 40th anniversary on 1st May. In last four decades 
we have created a solid foundation and will focus on accelerated growth 
in our fifth decade.  
As all of you know, Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Ex-TCS CMC, NITI Aayog 
has joined our leadership council as Global Head Strategy – Growth 
Innovation & Partnership recently and I am now handing over floor to Mr. 
Nehal to say his opening remarks. Thank you. 
Nehal Shah 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our 
Earnings Call today. I hope you have had a chance to review our Earnings 
document shared earlier. 
This quarter has been particularly encouraging for us with positive 
growth in revenues with improved profitability on a year-on-year basis. 
In global markets, customers continue to face pressure from a broader 
economic environment. In the US, the upcoming presidential election has 
introduced a cautious approach, slowing down decision making. 
However, we have seen some improvement this quarter and our pipeline 
indicates numerous business opportunities. Nonetheless, further 
adjustments in expectations are necessary on both sides of the value 
chains for activity levels to pick up strongly once again. 
In India, the operating environment remains vibrant. As we mentioned in 
our previous call. The General Election in April and May caused a slight 
slowdown in decision making, reflected in our numbers. However, 
Enterprise customer’s activity remained robust, evident in the new wins 
and renewals which Paresh bhai will cover in his remarks. Since the new 
government has been formed, we are confident of the new contracts 
being awarded soon. 
For Quarter 1 2025, our revenue split by geography shows continuous 
momentum in the India business, which reported 17% year-on-year 
growth in Quarter 1 FY25 despite the general elections. Revenues from 
the rest of the world geography also showed positive growth of 1% year-
on-year, indicating initial signs of improved traction. The revenue split by 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 19 
segment shows that the solutions business grew by 52% year-on-year in 
Quarter 1. Solutions now represent 23% of revenues in Quarter 1 
compared to 21% in Quarter 4 FY24 and around 16% in Quarter 1 last 
year driven by our smart city projects. Consequently, revenues from 
government customers in Quarter 1 increased by 50% year-over-year, 
now constituting around 23% of overall revenues in Quarter 1 FY25 
compared to 17% in Quarter 1 FY24.  
As mentioned last quarter, we see interesting opportunities emerging in 
the Middle East. We have established a sales office in Dubai and plan to 
assemble a local team of over 50 members for execution as we are in the 
advanced stages of discussion with few potential customers.  
The outlook remains buoyant. We have multiple discussions underway 
with new customers, including a couple of large contracts. We have made 
additions to a leadership council and expanded our global network of 
offices. 
Moreover, with the recent sluggishness in the US market, the 
hyperactivity in the IT sector has eased and attrition rates have declined 
further. Even as we await the farming up of customer activity, we have 
utilized this opportunity to retrain and reskill our people, making 
ourselves even more future ready. 
With that, I would like to hand over to our global CEO – Mr. Paresh Shah 
to share key insights about the Operational Performance and Key 
Developments during the quarter. Thank you. 
Paresh Shah 
Thank you, Nehal. Good afternoon, everyone.  
Here is a brief overview of our operational performance and key 
developments this quarter. ADSL has secured orders totaling over Rs. 150 
crore including new wins and multiyear contract renewals.  
We have been selected to provide Infrastructure Management Services 
for a major real estate developer expanding into Northern India's mid 
housing segment.  
We have also secured a contract with the manufacture of high-
performance refractory materials in the glass, ceramics and concrete 
sectors to manage Infrastructure Services for their offices in East India. 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 19 
One of India's largest integrated chemical companies with an annual 
revenue of around Rs. 5,000 crore have chosen us to manage 
Infrastructure Service for their West Region office and also provide 
annual maintenance services for their Mumbai office.  
Additionally, we have renewed several contracts in several sectors, 
including IT consultancy, financial sectors, software and medical devices, 
shipping, FMCG, food and beverages, mining and also defense and space.  
A provider of innovative scientific solutions in the US has also selected us 
to manage their IT transformation posts spin-off from Olympus Group, 
including Digital Workplace Management Services. We are confident of 
an increased pace of order wins in the quarter ahead. 
Now, I will hand it over to Mr. Ramanathan - our Global Head of Strategy, 
responsible for Growth, Innovation and Partnerships. 
Ramanan Ramanathan Thank you, Paresh and good afternoon to everybody. 
It is indeed a pleasure and privilege to connect with all of you today. As 
has been pointed out by the Chairman as well as the other speakers 
today, Allied Digital over the last 40 years has built a very comprehensive, 
very impressive range of services, not only for domestic customers in 
India, but also for customers abroad. And I think there is a tremendous 
opportunity as I have entered this organization to penetrate larger 
markets and to be able to broaden our offerings to different types of 
customers. 
Let me share a little bit about what the opportunities are, and our 
strategies are going to revolve around that. First and foremost, India is a 
big opportunity. India is a growing market, one of the fastest growing 
economies of the world. Allied Digital is very well positioned with already 
12 to 14 smart cities under its belt and with over 100 smart cities 
identified in India. That is a tremendous opportunity for Allied Digital to 
replicate its successes through multiple smart cities. Now, smart city 
projects are not easy projects. They are very complex projects. They 
require a combination of hardware, software, integration, engineering as 
well as application management skills. And this actually helps Allied 
Digital not just for the Indian market, but also position these services in 
the global market where smart cities are increasingly being developed 
and not only in advanced countries like United States, but also in many 
emerging economies. 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 19 
The second part is Allied Digital through its comprehensive range of 
services has penetrated the Indian markets, but not the Enterprise 
market still and there is an opportunity for Allied Digital to be able to 
offer its services and its offering. An already impressive range of 
customers have been acquired over the last one year, but I think over the 
next couple of years there is a huge opportunity for penetrating. Also, all 
of you are aware that GCC's are being set up in India, Global Competency 
Centers and every GCC will require the type of services that Allied Digital 
offers in Infrastructure Management beyond domain-based competency 
management. 
The third is we are looking at penetrating deeper markets and other 
markets, for example, I think Nehal already referred to the fact that we 
have penetrated the Middle East market, but there is an opportunity for 
Allied Digital to replicate its successes in the United States and in other 
parts of the world like UK, Europe, as well as in Africa, where emerging 
economy is very similar to what is there in India. Asia Pacific also offers 
good scope for their offerings. The fact that many of the customers of 
Allied Digital are marquee customers with operations in multiple 
countries across the world positions Allied Digital to be able to offer its 
services not only through partners that it has, but also directly to many 
customers. And I think that is one of the strategies that we are going to 
adopt to see how we get to diversify not only our range of partners, but 
also diversify into direct access of customs. 
Finally, we are all living in a world where technology is rapidly changing, 
Artificial Intelligence is making its presence well, and I think from a 
market point of view or a positioning point of view, we have already 
positioned ourselves as an AI driven intelligent Infrastructure 
Management Service provider. The Digital Desk solution that has been 
developed by Allied Digital is very much in this area, so integrating AI into 
not only infrastructure management, but intelligent application 
management and being able to value add to our customers is going to 
greatly benefit Allied Digital in the years ahead. So, these are some of the 
opportunities we see, but we are also going to be positioning our 
strategies aligned to the other.  
Thank you so much for giving me a chance to share a few thoughts today. 
I will now pass it on to Gopal - the CFO of the organization. 
Gopal Tiwari 
Thank you, Mr. Ramanan, and good afternoon to everybody. I will now 
quickly cover the financial highlights for the period under review. As you 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 19 
can see from our numbers, there have been positive tracks in this 
quarter. While the India business continues to be burned, the pace of 
growth in revenue on a year-on-year basis in this quarter is in the mid-
teens compared to more robust levels in the preceding few quarters. This 
is largely due to the deferment of decision making due to the General 
Election in India. This is temporary and we expect it to rebound back to 
more strong levels in the next couple of quarters. We are pleased to 
report a slight uptake in international business too. 
We have reported an increase in EBITDA of 7% on a year-on-year basis. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter has been steady at 11% when evaluated 
on a year-on-year basis. As is evident from the revenue metrics, there has 
been an increase in the Solutions revenue which has resulted in an 
EBITDA margin at these levels. As the revenue from Services picks up 
through the year, there will be an improvement in the margin. The 
EBITDA margin in Q1 FY25 is not strictly comparable with the margin in 
Q4 FY24. Apart from the slight shift in the revenue mix, the Q4 EBITDA 
margin of 14% was aided by one-offs due to reversal of provisions made 
earlier in that financial year. 
While the EBITDA margin on a year-on-year basis remained steady at 
11%, we have driven improvements in PBT and PAT margins due to better 
expense management as well as higher other income due to the rising 
cash balance. Given our solid financial position, abundant liquidity and 
adequate resources, we are well equipped to fund our growth initiatives 
and deliver sustainable value to our stakeholders.  
Thank you. I will now ask the moderator to open the forum for a Q&A 
session. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh 
My question, sir is on the margin side, like in this quarter, we have 
announced the steady margin at 11%. So, what are further guidance and 
on the deal win side if you can guide us, on this smart city side, like we 
already completed a number of cities, but what are the future projections 
on that side if we have anything active in the discussion? And also on the 
Digital Desk side, what are the achievements that we have done and what 
are in the pipeline? 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 19 
Nehal Shah 
Jyoti, I will answer that question to you. I have typically understood there 
are three questions that you asked, one from the margin side, the other 
from the smart city future and the third one on the Digital Desk. From the 
margin side, yes, you are right, the last quarter was as already confirmed 
by Gopalji during his remarks, in the last quarter there was a certain 
reversal because of which we saw certain high in the margins. This 
quarter we feel that this is the base margin that we are at and we should 
be improving our margins in future quarters. But what we are looking at 
is that while we focus on our margins, we are also making sure that we 
focus on our topline growth as well. So, whenever we acquire a new 
customer in any new geography or any new place, as you are aware, our 
projects and our business are in line of 3 to 5 years. The intent is during 
the first two years, the margins are a little bit on the lower side, but as 
we go ahead in the queue with the customer, our margins keep on 
increasing through optimization and through acquiring and farming new 
business from the same customer.  
From smart city side, so far we have completed about 12 cities and two 
cities are under implementation as we talk today. There are a couple of 
smart cities that are there in the offering which are right now in the 
bidding stage. One of them is in the advanced bidding stage where we 
feel very confident of acquiring that customer in the next one or two 
quarters. Having said that since the Government of India has not changed 
and we see the same leadership coming up everywhere, we feel that the 
smart cities which were right now the top 100 smart cities might be taken 
down to the future towns that is Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 towns where we 
expect more such smarter towns coming up, projects coming up. And 
even in the first phase, the projects that have been implemented, a lot of 
those projects will undergo renewals and Phase 2 of all those projects 
coming up as well. So, while we are discussing and talking, I see a lot of 
opportunity on that side as well. Apart from that, there are other projects 
which are typically not as a part of the smart city things, but we are 
constantly working on projects which give us leverage to show our skill 
sets and show our expertise on doing similar kind of engineering projects. 
We recently have bid for certain Metro projects as well, where we would 
be doing CCTV setup on certain railway stations and all. We are waiting 
for an outcome. Once we have some concrete outcome on that, we will 
share the news with all of you.  
Apart from that Paresh bhai, if you could just answer on the Digital Desk, 
that would be great. 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 19 
Paresh Shah 
So, let me just address on the Digital Desk. We have done great 
enhancements. Last quarter, we released our Bot platform, and this Bot 
platform helps customers to bring in a lot of automation and use AI from 
an end user perspective. We are already implementing this for one of the 
very large automotive customers in India and that project is going on. So, 
we are pretty much confident that there will be a lot more opportunities 
coming along the way. Also on the Digital Desk platform, we have added 
few more customers across the globe, both in India and also across the 
globe. So, we see that this trend will continue, and we want to make sure 
we continuously invest in more and more AI enabled projects. Especially 
AI is going to be part of Digital Desk platform. It will be called as an AI 
enabled platform very soon. We are certifying that also in coming 
quarters. And obviously we are moving into AIOps which is more of 
predictive analytics in coming quarters. So, we already have an exciting 
journey ahead for Digital Desk, both from the customer point of view as 
well as bringing a lot of AI features going forward. 
Jyoti Singh 
Sir, just one more portion on the deal win side that the deal that we won 
in Q4 and Q1. So, when we are seeing the revenue booking, when we will 
be going to see that? 
Nehal Shah 
So, Jyoti, generally whenever we win a deal, typically from a winning of 
the deal, the announcement of the winning to the first bill, the cycle is 
anywhere between 90 to 120 days wherein we start the SOW process 
with our customer which lasts about 4 weeks. Post that we go on the 
transition phase and once the transition is done is when we have the 
billing start. So, any deals that we have won in the last quarter of last year 
will start billing in the 2nd Quarter. So, we see a lot of billings happening 
in the 2nd Quarter onwards. Deals that we have won in the 1st Quarter, 
we might see at the end of the 2nd Quarter or maybe the start of third 
quarter those customers being built, for the net new customers that I am 
talking. Renewals will continue the way they are, they will not have any 
change in the billing terms. 
Jyoti Singh 
So, sir, does that mean our upcoming quarter will be very strong as most 
of the realization will come in the Q2 and Q3? 
Nehal Shah 
Correct, so we see there is going to be an upside on the Q2. Q3 should be 
better as well. That is how it is right now. 
Paresh Shah 
So, definitely as you see this quarter, we added Rs. 150 crore of revenue, 
so the billing, you will see that in the third quarter of this financial year 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 19 
where you will see kind of because it is about 90-120 days as Nehal 
pointed out. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manan Vandur from Wallfort 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Manan Vandur 
Sir, I had a few questions. I just wanted to understand, as I am new to this 
company, even as in the data center side, what service would we provide 
if there is someone who wants to set up a data center, what service would 
we provide? Please explain that? 
Nehal Shah 
I would take that up. Manan, thank you for this question. Typically, our 
expertise lies in building up operate, so we call it as BOT, build, operate 
and execute or transfer or maintain those are the kind of things. So, 
anybody who wants to build a data center we have got this skill set to 
design them. Make sure that we implement the whole data center and 
keep it running and manage it for another 5 years. Typical customers for 
us are various customers, the enterprise side and all the smart cities. So, 
most of the smart cities that we have done for the Government of India, 
all of the smart cities have their own data centers and have been built by 
us. So, close to about 12 to 14 cities that we are working on, and we are 
building data centers for the state governments in different states and 
managing the surveillance and the other things on those data centers. So, 
our expertise lies in designing, solutionizing, managing and maintaining 
those data centers. 
Manan Vandur 
And I just wanted to know, going forward, let us say like 4-5 years, what 
the total addressable market would be for smart cities for us and like how 
much we would be able to capture out of it? 
Nehal Shah 
So, a good question, Manan once again. So, typically in the last call, I had 
said that we are getting news that the Government of India might soon 
announce 1,000 smaller towns, each town having a budget of about Rs. 
30 crore to Rs. 50 crore. So, if that is something that comes up, we might 
have an addressable market for the next 3 years of about Rs. 50,000 
crore. Apart from that, what I would want to also tell you is that there are 
6 or 7 players largely who are in the smart city arena, and we are one of 
the pioneers and we were the first ones to make sure that the first city in 
India that is Pune City went live way back in 2015. Apart from us, there 
are our competitors are companies like L&T, NEC, KEC, all those kind of 
companies. So, these are typically 6 or 7 or maybe 8 companies that I 
could count that are competing for this kind of business. So, we see the 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 19 
addressable market is very high with the kind of expertise that we have 
shown and the kind of implementation that we have done. We always 
feel that we are a forefront runner in such kind of projects. 
Ramanan Ramanathan Ramanan here, if I can add, as all of you are aware, the Government of 
India has been investing in infrastructure in a very big way across the 
country and all of that infrastructure implies that there is an opportunity 
for smart district, smart towns and smart villages also. And Allied Digital 
is in a good position to bid for some of the important and large projects 
in that area. The fact that there are 106 smart cities already identified by 
the Government of India and out of which only about 22 have got 
implemented so far and in which around 12 are with Allied Digital. That 
sort of speaks well about the potential as well as the opportunity that 
Allied Digital has. And those of you are familiar with the Indian 
geography, there are about 8,000 small towns and cities in the country. 
And so even if you are expanding from 100 to 200 smart cities, that is 
going to be a substantial addressable market for the company. 
Paresh Shah 
Also to add, apart from smart city projects, we have a huge market for SI 
based government projects. We have several projects; we won a very 
recent one in the state of UP. So, in terms of real estate development, in 
terms of healthcare, there is major spend that is happening in the 
government in terms of building digital infrastructure, various 
applications get built on that. So, we are also pretty much eligible and in 
the race for lot of SI projects in the government space. 
Manan Vandur 
So, you also talked about some around 1,000 towns, if I am not wrong, 
right, 100 cities and 1,000 towns if I am not wrong, correct? 
Nehal Shah 
Right, yes. 
Manan Vandur 
And last question, sir, like around 8 years-9 years back, we had margins 
of around 18% to 19%. So, do you feel that around, in the coming 3 years 
or something because we will be having so much traction from the data 
center side as well as the smart city side and the towns and all of this 
coming up, we would be, you know reaching around 18%-19% in the next 
3-4 years, would that be possible for us? 
Nehal Shah 
So, Manan, that is the intent, you are right. We would want to very soon 
or very quickly go into the project that we have been doing in India. Our 
absolute dream is to go sometime in the future to reach even 20% with 
the kind of opportunity that can arise from our Software business, last 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 19 
product that we have from. So, if that happens, I think the numbers that 
you are saying are pretty much doable, but the near focus would be to 
reach quickly to mid-teens. 
Manan Vandur 
And one last small question, I will squeeze in, around 6-7 players which 
you mentioned for the smart cities, that competition is there, could you 
name a few of them? 
Nehal Shah 
So, I already named three of them, L&T is one of them, KEC, NEC, CMS 
and maybe some smaller ones, one or two which I am not able to 
recollect right now. 
Nitin Shah 
So, I talked about prominently, I would put L&T, they have developed 
their skill set just recently about 7-8 years back; then international 
company Honeywell. NEC is another strong player. Then there are a lot 
of local players like KEC International, who are the other ones? Technosys 
or something, which is prominent in Madhya Pradesh, so we don't see 
them as a great competitor because they are not seen anywhere else. So, 
these are the kind of landscape as far as the competition is concerned. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar 
So, just first, I wanted to understand when we say our near-term focus is 
to reach mid teen kind of a margin, so what is the timeline we are looking 
at to reach those kind of EBITDA margins? 
Nehal Shah 
Deepak, if it comes to me, I will want to do it in another 3 or 4 quarters. 
But to be realistic, depending upon the kind of projects we close on, I 
wouldn't want to give a definite timeline, but I would say that our 
intention is to go towards that by constantly improving and making sure 
that our costs are under control to make sure that we reach to those kind 
of levels. 
Deepak Poddar 
Sir, one to two years, would that be fair timeline? 
Nehal Shah 
Yes, that would be safe and doable thing, I would say. 
Deepak Poddar 
And another question is, this year I think this 1st Quarter, again it was a 
little subdued maybe because of the election also. So, the growth was 
only 6% on a Y-o-Y basis? So, how do we see the growth for this year, 
FY25 at a company level? 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 19 
Nehal Shah 
We are targeting to grow as we have grown in our previous years. If you 
have seen in the last 4-5 years, we have been growing more than 20% 
that the target that we want to keep. We feel that is achievable with the 
kind of pipelines and the customers that we have. The only question 
arises, sometimes the billing spills over to another quarter and that is the 
reason we might see a little bit of things happening here or there, but 
from second quarter onwards we are pretty confident, our numbers will 
keep on improving. 
Deepak Poddar 
So, from second quarter onwards, whatever we are targeting in terms of 
20% growth would be visible, right, on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Nehal Shah 
Yes, you will see an upward trend for sure from here on. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shadab Akhtar, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shadab Akhtar 
So, we have been targeting Rs. 1,000 crore revenue for FY27, right? 
Nehal Shah 
Yes. 
Shadab Akhtar 
So, when are we expecting to go at least near about Rs. 200 crore in 
revenue? Are we targeting this in this year, FY26? 
Nehal Shah 
Rs. 200 as in quarterly Rs. 200 crore you are saying? 
Shadab Akhtar 
Yes. 
Nehal Shah 
Rs. 200 quarterly typically means Rs. 8 crore. Our target is to reach to that 
probably in this year. We should do that and there is a possibility if the 
customer and the pipeline that we have, we might even pass that as well. 
Shadab Akhtar 
And what about the margin side? Are we expecting similar margin growth 
like on the same basis? 
Nehal Shah 
I would say currently our margin levels are at our base. From here on we 
should be able to improve, and improvement should be seen in future 
quarters. Since our business that we are in is not a business which is 
driven quarter-on-quarter basis because most of our customers are for a 
longer period anywhere between 3 to 5 years. We get a lot of 
opportunities to improve our margins as we go more into the customer 
in this year, 2 year, 3-year, 4 kind of things. So, there is a constant need 
and the constant ask to our operations team to make sure that we keep 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 19 
on improving our margins by optimizing costs, getting AI into our 
executions and also to make sure that we keep on doing a lot of farming 
and our current customer base. So, I am sure with all these three things 
put together, we should be able to better our margins in the near future. 
Shadab Akhtar 
So, like other estimate would be mid-teens, can we expect? 
Nehal Shah 
The idea is to reach there as soon as we can, is what I am telling to 
everyone. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next follow up question is from the line of Manan Vandur 
from Wallfort PMS. Please go ahead. 
Manan Vandur 
Even as we have quite a lot of opportunities ahead, I just wanted to 
understand even as we are going to look into smart cities and smart 
towns and all of that, are we looking ahead to taking on debt or it will be 
more through internal accruals or how is it going to be? 
Nehal Shah 
So, most of the time, we would want to use the vouchers money that we 
have with us, but we might keep on taking some project funding loans or 
something for short term where we would utilize them for doing the 
implementation and would be able to pay them off after that. Gopal, if 
you could just add to this for that. 
Gopal Tiwari 
So, far as working capital funding is concerned that we are more than 
sufficient having that. Only thing is project funding in case we win further 
large projects, we might have to go for a project funding which will be 
short term in nature. The duration could be 9 months to 12 months 
period. So, otherwise there is no such issue with our funding because the 
company is almost, it is net debt free already and we are having sufficient 
cash flow with us to take care of any large projects coming in. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Ashish from JM 
Financial Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ashish 
Given this entire smart city play, towns and all, what kind of incremental 
investment you guys would need to make say, because it seems to be a 
clear story, this entire smart city and all. So, in the next one year, how 
much are you planning to spend across? 
Nehal Shah 
So, investment, mostly Ashish would be done on the skill set. We would 
be making most of our people ready for those kinds of projects that we 
keep on coming. Our core team is absolutely intact. We haven't lost any 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 19 
of any of our core team members in the last 6-7 years and we are very 
confident that most of the times, whenever we add on to any smart cities, 
it is most to do with adding up of more skill sets from a delivery 
perspective depending upon the city or the state that we are at. So, those 
are the kind of investments that we see from a delivery perspective. From 
the skill set perspective, there is a constant search for talent and there is 
a constant upskilling and reskilling happening at our end to make sure 
that we are future ready in most of these challenges. So, the good part is 
that whenever we design or we do the solutionizing, the core team is 
completely in-house. We do not outsource any of our projects or any of 
our core designing to any third party. So, that is why we have been 
successful in delivering all the cities that we have done so far. 
Paresh Shah 
Just to add on what Nehal talked about, even in technologies we would 
be looking into making sure we bring in some expertise in terms of 
creating our own IP and innovation solutions. As we have done several 
smart cities, we want to make sure that we can become kind of reuse a 
lot of our talent and solutions design that we have done. So, that could 
be another opportunity where we will invest into innovative solutions as 
well as managing certain startups where we can kind of help them to 
build new solutions that are required for the smart cities. 
Ashish 
And the entire journey of smart city and all, would you guys also be able 
to do security part, this cyber security type of thing? 
Nehal Shah 
Absolutely, Ashish. We are doing most of the cyber security stuff in some 
of the smart cities that come to us. It comes as a no brainer for us to go 
and do that. It is a part of most of the RFP's as well where we have to 
deploy, and we have to manage the cyber security for. 
Nitin Shah 
Let me tell you for that matter cyber security is a major vertical for us and 
we have been focusing a lot on cyber security. While we are speaking 
right now, there is a session which is going on where our head security is 
giving lecture to several seesaw in one of the five-star hotels today. And 
we have a stock established since 2007 where very few people had 
understood what is stock. So, since then we are into this game of cyber 
security, be it government project or enterprise. We are quite active in 
cyber security. 
Ashish 
And just to understand your business model better, do you guys have to 
pitch showcase via System Integrator, or you have your own BD team and 
then you pitch for projects? 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 19 
Nehal Shah 
We call ourselves as Master System Integrators. We are the system 
integrators. So, how does these projects work, most of the state 
governments opened a consultant, which are one of the big 4 PWCS, or 
KPMG's of the world, and they will put out an RFC and system integrators 
like us or master system integrators like us would go and bid for them 
and get projects. 
Nitin Shah 
We have a policy since many years to be completely self-reliant and 
everything that we do, we do not want to keep anybody between us and 
our clients except for the very low end activity like tooling cable or 
directing pole or something which we might outsource it to somebody 
and labor kind of we outsource it to some, but otherwise we are 
completely self-reliant when it comes to high in the value chain to provide 
solutions and that is how we have built the organization to be self-reliant. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Mutha, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mutha 
Sir, recently India is undergoing many attacks on cyber security front. As 
you guys are working with governments across the nation, do you think 
that opens an opportunity for our Cyber Security segment to get some 
business from them? 
Nitin Shah 
Yes, unprecedented and we are very active in Cyber Security space, but 
the kind of threat, not only in India, across the globe, day in, day out, we 
keep seeing a new threat coming. So, we have a team who will 
understand the real zero Hour kind of threat. The moment our threat has 
occurred, our people will be able to identify the root cause of that. So, 
we have a specialized team to understand, but no one can 100% prevent 
that, but we have expertise once the threat is detected, we know how to 
combat that. And recently by the way, our people have worked 
extensively during that Microsoft and Cloud, why don't you Paresh talk 
about that? What our team has done wonderful job in that we have done. 
Paresh Shah 
So, there were some major disruptions, as you know, about close to a 
week back and where every large organization who had major 
investment into crowd strike had to face a lot of issues and there were 
major disruptions across the globe, both in India and US customers. So, 
we basically had lot of exercise to do on that and we basically not only 
guided the customers to take up next steps and put in the right patches. 
Many like we also had banks. Yesterday, I was talking to our team. There 
were banks who suffered most and where they had a lot of custom 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 19 
software and we had to kind of put in emergency people to make sure 
that the team kind of can clarify and clear the issues and put the right 
patch for crowd strike. So, yes, we have been pretty vigilant into this, and 
our agility has been very well appreciated by the customer. Even in Azure, 
just a day before there was a major breakdown, there was a spike and of 
course it was not your security, but there was a performance related 
issue. We were able to quickly act on it and kind of support our 
customers. So, we see this trend coming here and there because cyber 
security is a continuous threat, and it is going to be always in demand. 
And we are well positioned, and we also see good traction coming 
forward from a lot of our customers for doing proactive protection in 
deploying large platforms on cyber security to prevent major issues. 
Aditya Mutha 
And one follow up on this, sir, do we own some IP in cyber security or we 
are just using products of different big companies? 
Paresh Shah 
So, I won't say we own IP, but we have our own methodology and 
platform. So, we have our Digital Desk platform, for example, right, which 
is used for a lot of IT infrastructure management. One of the recent 
customers that we have won is a single integrated platform which will 
integrate a lot of IT services, infrastructure services, it is more of an ESM, 
enterprise service management. Cyber security integration is also part of 
it. 
Nitin Shah 
I believe your question is whether we use our own platform or we use 
third party platform, am I right? 
Aditya Mutha 
Yes, sir. 
Ramanan Ramanathan So, let me tell you, we use proven platforms, the world well known, one 
of them is Microsoft and the other one why don't you talk about that? 
Paresh Shah 
So, we use multiple platforms to leverage cyber security services. 
Obviously, as I mentioned Microsoft, there is a Fortinet, there is IBM 
QRadar also. So, we have a lot of technology. So, we are kind of can pick 
up the technologies pretty much. 
Nitin Shah 
Platform agnostic support. 
Paresh Shah 
And we actually use our own methodology to make sure that we can give 
a very holistic solution. Cyber security is all about providing holistic 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 19 
solutions to customers and that is where we build a more orchestrated 
platform around it. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. The next follow up question is from the line of 
Manan Vandur from Wallfort PMS. Please go ahead. 
Manan Vandur 
If you could explain why there was like a flattish growth over FY23 to FY24 
in the revenues, you can please? 
Nehal Shah 
So, typically Manan, if you look at the overall consolidated revenue, there 
was a slight sluggishness that you would say or a flat growth that was 
mostly to do with the US macroeconomic which was not very customer 
friendly at that point of time. But if you see at the India revenue, the India 
revenues grew close to about more than 30%-35%. So, in the US at that 
point of time, due to the war that was going on between Ukraine and 
Russia, there were a lot of uncertainties, some of our customers had 
budget issues, we lost some of our customers to their in-house, they 
shifted most of the business in-house rather than going through a vendor. 
Those are the kind of things that have happened at that point in time 
which eventually led flat growth over the year. 
Manan Vandur 
So, the current situation also going in Israel and Palestine side, so do we 
have any clients in that Middle Eastern part which might affect us? 
Nehal Shah 
No, we don't have any clients there currently. Most of our clients are 
typically in the US and the European region. 
Manan Vandur 
And if you could just tell me the margins as in like, so we have two 
breakups, right, Solution and Service. So, if you could tell me about the 
margin for solution and service individually that would be helpful? 
Nehal Shah 
So, Manan, there are two line of business where we have kept things very 
easy. Services line of revenue means recurring revenue. So, any revenue 
which is recurring in nature, any contracts that we signed for 3 years, 5 
years and we have either month-on-month or quarter-over-quarter 
billing, we put all of those revenues in the Services bucket. Typically, the 
Q2 revenues are better. They are in the mid-20s, and I am talking about 
GMs right cross margins are in the mid-20s to late 20s. Solution business 
is the other side, our onetime projects, those are the projects where we 
do implementation of large smart city projects, or we do any migration 
projects or projects that we are doing store expansions for some of our 
customers. So, any billing or revenue that we get, which is for a shorter 

 
 Q1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 19 
period of time goes under solution which is mostly onetime kind of a 
billing. So, those revenues are put into the Solutions bucket. In Solutions 
bucket, typically margins are a little lower because in some of the 
Solution projects there are products that you need to use typically in the 
smart city kind of business projects. So, that is why we see a little bit of 
lesser margin, the margins could be in the range of mid-teens, I would 
say. 
Manan Vandur 
And these were gross margins, right, both of them? 
Nehal Shah 
Yes, mid teens to upper teens, is something the gross margins. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Nehal Shah 
Thank you for your participation and engagement during the call. If you 
have any additional questions or require further information about our 
company, please reach out to our team or contact CDR India. We look 
forward to interacting again in the next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
