 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113 
www.sbilife.co.in 
 
 
July 31, 2024                                                                            SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2425/89 
 
Assistant Vice President                      
 
                      General Manager 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
                      Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
 
           BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
 
 
 
                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
 
 
 
           Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051                                            Mumbai 400001 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE                                                             BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q1 of FY 2024-25 
 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2425/71 dated 
July 19, 2024 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with Schedule 
III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Wednesday, July 24, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts/investors is also hosted on 
the Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Girish Manik 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 26391 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
Girish 
Mahesh 
Manik
Digitally signed 
by Girish 
Mahesh Manik 
Date: 
2024.07.31 
20:08:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited  
Q1 FY-25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AMIT JHINGRAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO  
 
MR. SANGRAMJIT SARANGI – PRESIDENT AND CFO 
 
MR. ABHIJIT GULANIKAR – PRESIDENT, BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
MR. SUBHENDU BAL – CHIEF ACTUARY AND CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
MR. PRITHESH CHAUBEY – APPOINTED ACTUARY  
 
MS. SMITA VERMA – SVP, FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to SBI Life Insurance Company Q1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran – Managing Director and CEO, 
SBI Life Insurance. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We welcome you all to the Result Update Call of 
SBI Life Insurance for Quarter ended June 30th, 2024. 
We appreciate and thank you wholeheartedly for your time. Update on our financial 
results can be assessed on our website as well as on the websites of both the stock 
exchanges. 
Along with me present in this room are Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi – President and CFO, 
Mr. Abhijit Gulanikar – President, Business Strategy, Mr. Subhendu Bal – Chief Actuary 
and Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Prithesh Chaubey – Appointed Actuary and Ms. Smita 
Verma - Senior Vice President Finance and Investor Relations.  
 
I am pleased to share that we have seen progress in several key areas as compared to 
previous quarter of corresponding period, demonstrating the strength and dedication of 
our teamwork. We are building a strong base for the year ahead by registering growth 
in Banca and Agency productivity, onboarding new agents and digital initiatives. This is 
a testament to the hard work and strategic initiatives we have implemented, ensuring 
that we not only meet but also exceed our goals. Moreover, our efforts in New Business 
development have been fruitful. We have seen a notable increase in our New Business 
Premium, especially in the linked and saving products. With higher insurance 
awareness there is a positive trend insurance industry and higher focus on financial 
planning and long-term savings.  
 
During the period 99% of our business is sourced digitally. We will continue our digital 
initiatives by embracing agility and innovation in meeting the evolving needs of 
customers in the digital age and fostering brand differentiation. It has been a good start 
to the year and during the year ahead, we will continue to accelerate on this momentum, 
striving for excellence in everything we do. We remain confident of navigating the winds 
of change, ensuring a future where insurance is not just a product but a pillar of financial 
security and empowerment for all.  
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Now, let me give you some key highlights for this quarter ended the 30th June 2024: 
Our New Business Premium registered a growth of 13% over previous period and 
stands at Rs. 70.3 billion and maintained private market leadership with share of 21.8%. 
Individual New Business Premium stands at Rs. 47.5 billion with a growth of 17% and 
private market share of 25.9%. Gross return premium stands at Rs. 155.7 billion with a 
growth of 15%. Protection New Business Premium stands at Rs. 7.2 billion. Profit after 
tax stands at Rs. 5.2 billion with a strong growth of 36% over corresponding period of 
last year. Value of New Business stands at Rs. 9.7 billion, registering a growth of 12% 
over last period. VoNB margin stands at 26.8% for period ended June 30th, 2024. Our 
asset under management has crossed a milestone of 4 trillion mark with a growth of 
26% over corresponding period last year. Robust solvency ratio of 2.01 as against the 
regulatory requirement of 1.50.  
 
We will now update you on each of the key parameters in detail: 
Let me start with the premium 
The growth of Indian insurance industry for the current quarter has rebounced and has 
demonstrated a robust performance during the quarter. It grew by 22.9% over previous 
period. We have successfully maintained our market position amongst private players 
in individual and total New Business Premium and have delivered an enduring 
performance for the quarter. In the year ahead our endeavor is to continue to maintain 
and grow our market share as compared to the previous year. Individual New Business 
Premium has grown to Rs. 47.5 billion with a growth of 17% over last period. Single 
premium contribution is 36% of individual New Business Premium, which is mainly 
attributed to growth in our individual annuity product. If we exclude the annuity business, 
single premium contribution is at 18% of individual business. The Company’s private 
market share stands at 25.9% and industry market share stands at 15.7%.  
 
On individual rated New Business Premium, we stand at Rs. 32.2 billion with a growth 
of 21% over last period and maintaining our leadership position with private market 
share of 22.4% and total market share of 15%. Also Group New Business Premium 
stands at Rs. 22.9 billion with contribution of 32% in New Business Premium and a 
growth of 6% over last period. Having said that, we have collected total New Business 
Premium of Rs. 70.3 billion. The Company’s private market share stands at 21.8% and 
total market share stands at 7.8%. Renewal Premium grew by 16% to Rs. 85.4 billion 
which accounts for 55% of the gross return premium. To sum up gross return premium 
stands at Rs. 155.7 billion with a growth of 15% over corresponding quarter of last year. 
In terms of APE, premium stands at Rs. 36.4 billion registering a growth of 20%. Out of 
this individual APE stands at 33.1 billion with growth of 22%. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
During the quarter ended June 30th, 2024, total 4.25 lakh new policies were issued. We 
remain committed towards the goal of increasing the penetration and achieve holistic 
growth. Number of lives covered during the quarter ended June 30th, 2024, is 4 million. 
The Company is aligned with the regulator’s vision of insurance for all and will continue 
to focus on various reforms enabling deeper penetration of the life insurance industry. 
Individual New Business sum assured registered a growth of 16% over corresponding 
quarter of previous year.  
 
Let me give you some details about the product mix: 
As on June ‘24, our guaranteed non-PAR savings products are contributing 21% of 
individual APE basis. Individual ULIP New Business Premium is at Rs. 27.5 billion which 
now constitutes 58% of individual New Business Premium. Growth in ULIP is attributed 
to positive movement in equity market and change in customer preferences. Individual 
protection New Business Premium is at Rs. 1.5 billion. Group Protection stands at 5.7 
billion. Credit Life New Business Premium has grown by 6% and stands at 4.7 billion. 
On Protection Business contribution 8% of APE stands at Rs. 3 billion. Retirement plans 
assist customers in building a substantial corpus of funds to maintain the desired 
lifestyle and manage expenses in their golden years. Our comprehensive solutions 
ensure a secure, comfortable and fulfilling retired life for our valued customers. Total 
annuity and Pension New Business underwritten by the Company is Rs. 15.4 billion. 
Annuity Business is at Rs. 11.5 billion and contributes 16% of New Business Premium. 
Individual Annuity Business contributes 90% of total Annuity Business. 
 
Moving to updates on the distribution partners: 
With a strength of more than 59,000 CIF’s, SBI and RRB’s Bancassurance business 
contributes a share of 63% and on individual APE basis it stands at Rs. 20.7 billion with 
a growth of 12%. SBI branch productivity on individual APE terms stands at Rs. 3.5 
million for the current quarter and registered a growth of 14%. With enhanced focus on 
agency channel and strategic launch of agency 2.0, we have made impressive strides 
in agent activation, agency channel productivity and onboarding of new agents and 
better collaboration. Our agent productivity for the quarter stands at Rs. 1.7 lakhs on 
individual APE terms, registering a growth of 27% over corresponding quarter of 
previous year.  
Agency registered New Business Premium growth of 28% over corresponding quarter 
of previous year and contributes 21%. Agency channel individual APE showed a growth 
of 48% over last period and stands at Rs. 10.7 billion. As on June 30th, 2024, the total 
number of agents stand at 2,57,266, a growth of 15% over previous year. During the 
quarter ended the Company added a net of 11,188 agents. The share of agency 
channel in individual rated premium has increased from 27% in previous period to 32% 
in current period.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
During the quarter ended June 30th, 2024, other channels that is the direct channel, 
corporate agents, brokers, online and web aggregators grew by 61% in terms of New 
Business Premium and 38% in Individual New Business. Linked business through other 
channels registered growth of 89% on APE basis. The share of other channels in New 
Business Premium have increased to 28% in current period from 19% in corresponding 
quarter of previous year. We are focused to strike optimum balance among various 
distribution channels and we expect to grow by leveraging these multiple drivers and 
further strengthening our distribution network.  
 
Now to some updates on profitability: 
The Company’s profit after tax for the quarter ended June 30th, 2024, stands at Rs. 5.2 
billion with a robust growth of 36% as compared to previous quarter of previous year. 
Our solvency remained strong at 201% as against regulatory requirement of 150%. 
Value of New Business stands at Rs. 9.7 billion with growth of 12% as against Rs. 8.7 
billion in last period. VoNB Margin stands at 26.8% for the period ended June ‘24. The 
shift in VoNB is mainly on account of increase in share of ULIP business as compared 
to previous period and for a specific period in non-PAR savings, the impact of yield 
movement was absorbed by the Company instead of being passed on to the customers.  
Talking of operational efficiency: 
OPEX ratio stands at 6.1% for the quarter ended June 30th, 2024, as compared to 6.8% 
for corresponding quarter of previous year. Our total cost ratio stands at 10.5% for the 
period ended June 30th as compared to 10.8% for corresponding quarter of last year. 
With respect to persistency of individual regular premium, 13th month persistency 
stands at 86.5% with an improvement of 150 basis points and 61st month persistency 
stands at 59.0% with an improvement of 229 basis points.  
 
As mentioned in my opening remarks, asset under management stand at Rs. 4.15 
trillion as at June 30th, 2024, having a growth rate of 26% as compared to June 30th, 
2023. Death claim settlement ratio stands at 98.7%. The Company has registered an 
improvement of 107 basis points over last year. At SBI Life an unwavering commitment 
to our customer centric approach remains at the heart of everything we do. Our mis-
selling ratio stands at just 0.04% which is lowest in the industry. To further strengthen 
it and keeping customer at the center stage in order to better address the customer 
grievances, we have created the position of internal ombudsman and appointed an 
industry veteran to set a new benchmark in customer satisfaction. This is first in the 
entire insurance industry. We are committed to delivering need-based solutions that 
address the ever-evolving customer needs based on customer profile, life stage and 
goal prioritization. The Company continues efficient usage of technology for 
simplification of processes. With 99% of the individual proposals being submitted 
digitally. 42% of individual proposals are processed through automated underwriting.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
We have aligned our business strategies with IRDA vision and other regulatory 
initiatives, emphasizing the importance of consumer empowerment in driving growth of 
the industry. IRDAI has issued a master circular on life insurance products that 
encompasses a series of forward-thinking reforms aimed at enhancing the efficiency, 
transparency and overall functioning the insurance sector. These reforms are designed 
to foster innovation, improve customer satisfaction and ensure the stability and growth 
of the industry. Measures like increase in special surrender value, increase in free look 
cancellation period, loan against policy for all non-linked saving products, offering 
surrender value and robust processes to address customer grievances will further 
increase insurance penetration. We at SBI Life fully support these initiatives and are 
committed to aligning our operations with the new regulatory framework. We believe 
that these changes will bring about a positive transformation in the insurance industry 
benefiting all stakeholders involved.  
 
To conclude by fostering a culture of resilience and continuous improvement and with 
our expanding multi-distribution network, committed team members and best in class 
customer service, we are confident of our ability to navigate the future and maintain our 
position as a trusted leader and preferred market player. We will continue to focus on 
long term, sustainable and profitable growth. Thank you all and now we are happy to 
take any questions that you may have.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.   
Avinash Singh: 
A couple of questions. The first one is more around what will be your strategy around 
protection, encompassing both the retail protection and credit life? Because I mean on 
the credit life side you have a large bank like SBI as a partner and also on the retail side 
you have a big reach. But since last almost more than a year, protection somehow 
seems to be losing momentum, at least on a relative basis to savings. So, what is going 
to be the strategy to sort of improve our protection share in the product mix, particularly 
the retail protection and credit life, GTI separating for the moment? So that’s first 
question and the second question if you can sort of outline on your strategy or plans 
around product design or the commission tweaking post September 30th.Once this new 
product has to be sort of filed where you have this enhanced special surrender value. 
So, what are your thoughts on sort of our impact in terms of how we are going to deal 
with the you know balancing the margin or payout to the persistent customers at the 
same time the commission payout?  
Management: 
So, taking your protection question first, there was a slight blip during the quarter in the 
protection sales as we saw in the result. And that was basically I think was being driven 
by more demand of ULIP products in the market depending on the returns that are being 
generated through ULIPs and our natural attraction of the customer segment for these 
higher returns. But having said that being in the insurance industry, protection remains 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
very important and this is on top of our mind also. To improve the protection business, 
we have gone into a huddle with our main Banca partner SBI and depending on the 
data analytics of SBI on its database, we are going to offer a product very soon on the 
digital platform of State Bank of India, that is YONO, and this will be a simpler product 
with three click kind of issuance based on the data analytics and pre-approved kind of 
sum assured with very competitive rates and being on the digital platform, the journey 
will be very easy for the customer, the rates will be very competitive and we expect a 
very good response through this particular product. In addition to that, we are also 
designing a product for the ultra HNI kind of segment where higher sum assured is 
needed. This product should also be launched sometime during the month of August, 
and we expect to garner a good business out of this higher sum assured product also. 
Of course, underwriting offering higher non-medical limits and simplified medical 
procedures also are being introduced to improve the individual protection business. The 
group protection of course has shown some growth and we expect that with the property 
market in boom, the group protection business especially with the Banca partner will 
definitely show further growth during the year.  
 
Coming to your second question about the strategy and plans, we have maintained that 
the new customer centric approach of the IRDA, the better surrender value and also the 
customers, SBI Life being the lowest cost operator and also because of the kind of 
product mix that we have at SBI Life, we will be the least affected Company. As of now 
we are not planning any commission structure change for our corporate agents or for 
our individual agents and the rate structure will continue to be the same.  
Avinash Singh: 
On first part on credit life, do you have any plans to sort of meaningfully improve traction 
beyond home loans? Because now SBI of course is pretty big in auto loan, even in 
personal loan their reasonably big. Are you looking to sort of increase penetration of 
credit life in auto loan customer or personal loan customer or is the home loan going to 
be the core area?  
Management: 
Home loan continues to be the largest portfolio for the bank also and we see good value 
increasing penetration there. In addition to that with these new protection products also, 
on individual basis as well as on the group term basis, we will be targeting the education 
loan customers. So, for these young customers the protection will be priority and we will 
try to cover them through group or through individual products.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishchint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional 
Equities.   
Nischint Chawathe: 
I’m not sure if I really understood the reason for year-on-year decline in margins. As I 
understand, your margins in ULIPs at least in the past you’ve had kind of highlighted 
are higher than margins in the PAR book. So, what has driven the compression in 
margins?  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Management: 
Nishchint the main thing is our protection has not grown to the extent we wanted. That 
is one of the key reasons why our margin has gone down. And in opening remarks MD 
also stated for that for a short while the drop in interest rate was not passed on to the 
customer. That is also there, of course non-PAR remains high margin product. But 
within non-PAR our margins have gone down comparatively slightly compared to last 
year because we did not pass on the drop in interest rate to customer. So, it’s 
combination of product mix, slightly higher ULIP sell and these two factors which have 
caused decrease in margin.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Slightly higher ULIP sales should have actually lifted your margins and you are saying 
that these two components probably more than offset that and which is the reason why 
your margin have margins have dropped. 
Management: 
Correct. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
If I just look at purely the savings vertical versus protection vertical margins, is the 
savings vertical margin kind of almost stable or gone up or how should one think of? 
Management: 
They are almost stable.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
So then practically it’s only the protection swing in which you probably have around 
maybe 60%-70% margin on individual protection which is practically driving all the 
difference in numbers this quarter.  
Management: 
I mean directionally correct. We will not comment on the amount I mean the numbers.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just one more thing is you know on the regulatory side, there have been you know 
quite a few changes. Anything else that we are now really envisaging at this stage? 
Management: 
So, we have always stood by the changes that the regulator brings in because we firmly 
believe that whatever is being done by the regulator is to ultimately benefit all the 
stakeholders in the industry, be it customer, be it the insurance companies or the 
distributors. So, whatever comes in we are ready to implement that and in fact we have 
gone ahead. If you notice during my comments, we said that some of the customer 
centric approach like the introduction of internal Ombudsman in the Company, that is 
for the first-time insurance industry that we are doing that. So, all the customer favoring 
decisions of regulator we fully stand by that.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
And because of the surrender penalty guidelines change, what could be the impact on 
margins? Because I think you mentioned somewhere that you’re going to absorb it and 
naturally share it with the distributors.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Management: 
Not much. As you know our product mix is not towards the Unit Linked, less than the 
non-PAR. Secondly, we always used to be very prudent in terms of setting our 
assumptions. Our surrender value is higher than the regulatory required. So, we don’t 
penalize the customers. Our approach in the pricing the product is to ensure 
consistency and continuity in terms of what return we offer to the continued policyholder 
and things. We’re not banking our return based on the surrender penalty coming from 
that. So, to that extent there is very less impact. Only impact will come on the year one 
and year one our assumptions, our experience is also very low. So, we don’t see much 
impact will come on that perspective. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just finally any guidance that you would want to give for the growth for the financial 
year? 
Management: 
So, we stand by the guidance that we gave during the end of the last financial year 
results. Our top line growth will be in higher teens to 20% and regarding the margin 
also, we will be in the same range of plus/ minus 28% kind of.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.   
Prayesh Jain: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on commission costs that have gone up, what could be 
the reason for that? Secondly there is a slowdown in annuities as well. Could you 
highlight the reason for that? What is the outlook there? 
Management: 
For the commission part, as you know we have provided as required under the expense 
of management guideline, which was not there in the last year’s first quarter. That is the 
reason there is a little spike shown in the current quarter. And as far as the annuity is 
concerned, we have been very focused on the individual annuity. For group annuity, 
this is coming based on the transactions which you do over a period of time, so which 
are in pipeline. So, we expect that annuity will also pick up overall for the financial year 
in the next few quarters.  
Prayesh Jain: 
And just lastly in the surrender charges, you are saying that if your product mix remains 
the same and the new products are launched from October, your margins would not be 
impacted. Is that a fair assumption to go with?  
Management: 
We are saying that there will be very minimal impact. We can’t say there will be no 
impact. But looking into our product mix and the surrender value that we are currently 
offering, there will be much minimal impact will come on our margins, on overall margin 
for the Company. 
Prayesh Jain: 
How do we kind of come to (+/-28%) VoNB margin guidance that you are giving and 
the second half margins are likely to be lower would be impacted by this and how do 
we arrive at the guidance of 28%?  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Management: 
So, we are saying that product mix will improve and that will compensate for the loss in 
margin that you are seeing in the first quarter.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on the Banca channel, SBI Channel, I know in last quarter 
also they were slow. But in general, the trend for this channel last year through the 
fourth quarter it didn’t decline but the growth sort of slowed down. So, has there been 
any SBI stance over insurance or anything that you can share on that? Second is on 
the competitive landscape, after last year’s taxation change had entered Tier-III-IV 
geographies which is your home turf in a way. So, are we seeing any increased 
competition in your geographies, any color you can give around that?  
Management: 
If you are following Company’s result, you would have noticed that there is very strong 
seasonality, especially in the Banca channel. After a very robust December quarter our 
growth in March quarter for the Banca channel was flat, in fact a little negative. But if 
you notice the numbers for June, we are back on the growth path. Although it is in the 
lower double digit, but the growth is back and second and 3rd Quarter usually are 
stronger for Banca and we expect that we will be back on the same growth path in 
Banca again. 
Management: 
The second one I think you referred about the Tier-II, Tier-III cities for change in that. 
So, as you know we have been very strong on the Tier-II, Tier-III cities, almost kind of 
48% to 50% of our business comes from these regions. And the presence of SBI across 
geographies in these particular regions are very high. So, we don’t see much 
competition per se from any quarter. And we will try to enhance our penetration more 
on these regions to take the target which we have planned for the Company.  
Shreya Shivani: 
So even incrementally right now you’re not seeing any increased competition or is that 
what you’re trying to indicate?  
Management: 
You can see that the industry is having very robust growth, so there is enough in the 
market for all the players to take in. We won’t say that we are being affected by the 
competition in any major way.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital.   
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the agency channel. Now the agency channel has been growing 
fairly strongly and one of the key drivers behind that has been the number of agents 
that you have been adding over the last 2 years. Just wanted to understand that you 
know how sustainable is this agent addition and do you have an annual target about 
how many agents you would like to add every year? So that would be my first question 
before I come to my second question.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Management: 
So, as you would have noticed in my address, I talked about our agency strategic 
initiative of Agency 2.0 what we are calling it internally in the Company. As you yourself 
said that you have been noticing the agent accretion during last few quarters in the 
Company. And the first quarter, growth in agency business is the result of the addition 
of these agents over previous quarters. As we recruit the agent it takes some time to 
mature and increase the productivity. And we are now noticing that increase in 
productivity of our agents and the consequent growth in agency number. Agency almost 
grew by 43% on IRP basis. And that is the kind of growth we are looking for in the 
current year so that our overall distribution mix, the contribution of agency is slated to 
go up.  
Supratim Datta: 
And could you give us a breakdown of how the margins across the different channels, 
typically would the agency be higher, or a lower margin channel as compared to Banca 
and the other channel? Could you give us some sense around that?  
Management: 
So, we don’t divulge the distribution channel wise margins for the products as such. So 
that is the Company strategy and that is how we want to continue in the current year 
also.  
Supratim Datta: 
And lastly, I understand that you have indicated that in the second and 3rd Quarter, the 
growth typically picks up. But if I see that in the second and 3rd Quarter, you’re citing 
fairly strong growth over the last 2 years. If I see on a 2-year basis in both quarters 
you’re citing steady strong growth. So, could you give us a sense that will this growth 
that you are targeting going to come from new product launches or are there other 
strategies in cue that you will focus on in the 2nd and 3rd Quarter which will result in the 
growth acceleration?  
Management: 
So, we will have some segment specific product launches to drive growth in protection 
which we mentioned earlier. And we do believe that certain initiatives on digital platform 
of the bank that are underway will fructify in this quarter that is Quarter 2 of Financial 
Year and our normal activity level in bank, all three of them will result in higher sales in 
Banca channel.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citibank.   
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a few questions. First if you can give some color on the business growth in the 
others channel which is non-agency, non-SBI. What are the underlying constituents in 
terms of both product, and which is the fastest growing subsegment within that 
particular segment in terms of the channel mix? Second you mentioned on the 
protection product pipeline but is there any other products that is expected to be 
launched in the next few quarters? Also, will you be re-filing your products before 1st of 
October and if so, what would be the new contour? Are you planning for any changes? 
And you mentioned you won’t be tweaking the commission structure but is there going 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
to be any other product structure tweaking that you kind of would be doing? And lastly, 
we have seen some dichotomy in the non-PAR growth that we have seen across all the 
players have reported till now and you have reported a (+20%) sort of YOY growth. We 
just wanted to get some color on the policy growth versus the ticket size growth or the 
quality of customers who are really buying this policy.  
Management: 
I will take the question on the other channels and Prithesh will answer on the product.  
So, on the other channels it’s a mix of PSU bank partners we have, non-PSU bank 
partners we have, brokers, online channel and direct channel, all everything. So, we 
have seen good growth in the online channel and good growth in some of the partners 
that we have. There has been a subdued growth in some of the bank partners we have. 
So, net it is there is what we expect is the bank partners which have shown subdued 
growth will come back in Quarter 2, Quarter 3, Quarter 4 and we will continue to show 
robust growth in our online channel, that is our expectation and this channel depending 
upon the partner, the product mix keeps varying. So, in some partner the share of, some 
channels share of protection and PAR, non-PAR is very high. In some other channel 
we are offering only NPS like products, so there is a different color partner by partner 
analysis will have to be done in terms of product mix for this channel. On the product 
structure and Prithesh will mention on the launch. 
Management: 
On the product side what MD has also mentioned that we will be launching some plan 
for the ultra HNI customer also for the bank. What we are doing that we also looking 
into revamp our PAR portfolio, so you see few products we are working on the PAR 
business. We are also coming out of the PAR, on the non-PAR and as you mentioned 
that we are adopting the segment-wise approach, so we have a different geography, 
different kind of customers, try to understand their need and come up with the product 
with them, suitable to their profile, demographic profile and their income profile. What 
we identified another on the child segment is the growing segment for the country, so 
we will be revamping the product and child segment, and you will see the planning to 
introduce the child product in all three major segments, PAR, non-PAR and Unit linked 
platform and in addition to that we are revamping our rider portfolio. So, this month, 
month of August we’ll be launching the extender rider and there is other few protection 
rider in pipelines. Objective is to give the complete solution to the customer, and we 
hope that will help us not only to meet the need of the customer but also help us to 
improve the growth and along with the improvement in our margin.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
On the unexpected re-filing of products prior to the 1st October? 
Management: 
Yes, we will. So, we have planned, and we are going to reprice and refile all this 
products in the phased manner, not limited to filing on the 30th September, so in gradual 
manner we will file these products. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
If you can get the credit protect APE for the quarter? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Management: 
Credit protect APE is around Rs.47 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JP Morgan.   
Aditi Joshi: 
So, two questions from my side. Firstly, on the composite licensing thing. So, are you 
still expecting that this composite licensing might come into play and then if it actually 
takes into effect then what sort of benefits can you reap out of it? And from a channel 
perspective again from a composite licensing perspective which will be a key focus of 
channel in terms of distribution? And second on this agency side, do you have any 
particular product mix on that particular distribution channel in terms of what products 
you would like your agency to sell? Because in this quarter we saw that the ULIP growth 
was pretty much higher even in the agency side. But going forward do you think that we 
might see some higher share of protection products coming in from that side? And just 
lastly on these new high net worth, higher sum assured products that you mentioned, 
which distribution channel are you focusing on for this product segment?  
Management: 
So composite licensing is in the talk for almost last more than a year or so and regulator 
has and government have to take a call on that. But having said so the contours of 
business in life and general insurance are very different but have some synergies also. 
The risk, the asset liability management, everything is quite different. But the distribution 
channel and certain other things there are synergies. So, it has its pros, it has its cons. 
As far as SBI Life is concerned, our parent bank has Company in life insurance and 
there is a separate subsidiary which looks after the general business. So as and when 
the composite licensing is introduced, the parent will take a call depending on the 
market condition and we will be guided by the parent bank in this regard.  
 
Regarding agency channel, we do not offer differentiated product from agency and 
Banca channel. Their products are common, and the other features are also common 
to both the channels. The current growth in agency channel is basically being driven by 
our increased focus, improving infrastructure, opening more number of branches, 
employing more agent and focusing on the per agent productivity which happens to one 
of the highest in the private sector industry. So going forward we will continue to focus 
on the agency channel.  
 
Your third question about the ultra HNI product, we will be focusing on our direct channel 
as well as Banca and agency channel both because we are simplifying the underwriting 
processes. We are going to give higher non-medical kind of facility also in protection 
business and these will be uniform across the channels.  
Aditi Joshi: 
And can I just make a quick follow up question, on your comment that going forward we 
will be focusing on riders as well. So, is it going to be higher rider attachment on the 
ULIP products as well? So, what sort of products will we have this increased attachment 
in the rider?  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Management: 
So, our objective is to make this rider available to all line of business. So, it will be 
available to the PAR, non-PAR as well as ULIP linked products. So, this is for all 
products. And we expect that the more and more offering we’ll have in the rider side, it 
will give opportunity to customer to fulfill their need and hence there will be a lot of 
expectation that our rider attachment will go up.  
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.   
Sanketh Godha: 
It’s the same question on Bancassurance channel. See our APE growth is just 12% in 
that Banca, that is SBI channel. So, if you are guiding for 18% to 20% kind of a growth 
for the full year, then the expected growth from the Banca channel should be at least 
15% to 16% for the full year, if the momentum in the agency remains at the current 
level. So just wondering whether if it is 12% in the next 9 months you are expecting a 
growth of around maybe 18%-19% in the Banca channel. Are you fairly confident that 
18% to 19% kind of a growth will happen to deliver that high teen to 20% kind of a 
growth what you have guided for APE that’s the thing and what will lead to it? I 
understand the seasonality part but just want to understand that part little better. And 
second is that you said there is a marginal impact you did not quantify the number. But 
assuming this current product mix remains true for the entire year, maybe how much 
that impact would be maybe less than a percentage or 50-60 basis point means if you 
can give a ballpark number assuming the current product mix will remain true what will 
be the likely impact on the margins because of the surrender norms? Those were my 
questions.  
Management: 
So, you yourself answered what you asked for that the 12% growth rate is based on the 
seasonality in the Banca channel. The March quarter growth rate was almost nil. It came 
back to 12%. Second and 3rd Quarter are usually strong for Banca. And in addition, we 
are expecting good business in the protection segment. The digital product that we are 
going to offer on the Yono channel, we have very high hopes because it is a much-
simplified product with a lesser premium and we expect very good growth in this also. 
The strong growth in ULIP is continuing so that also in second-3rd Quarter will provide 
us good growth opportunities and pushing it from 12% to the number, you yourself said 
around 15%-16%. That is not much of a difference. We are very sure, very sanguine 
that the kind of 18%-20% growth guidance that we are giving we will be able to stick to 
that.  
Sanketh Godha: 
And if you can quantify the bps impact on the margins with the current product mix? 
Management: 
We will not exactly quantify but this will be definitely much lesser than the 1% number 
that you quoted.  
Sanketh Godha: 
And lastly if I can squeeze in one, see even your group protection has slowed down I 
understand. Group annuity has slowed down I understand which could be tactical based 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
on when the corporates will do it. But even individual number, individual annuity seems 
to have declined 10% year-on-year. So, anything to read there? Is it because of the IRR 
pressure, competitive pressure or the competition has launched more customer friendly 
products and that is leading to bit of slowdown individual annuity?  
Management: 
Sanketh, there are two things to it. Credit life as of today it is growing at 5%. But as MD 
has already mentioned that there is a big uptake on the housing loan side because of 
the various things going on in the economy. So, we expect that the credit life will grow 
better than what we have seen in the first quarter. Second as far as the GTI businesses 
are concerned, it is a business which is getting negotiated during the course of the year 
and we expect that some transactions will fructify during the next two-three quarters 
and will definitely get as desired for us in the current financial year. As far as the annuity 
is concerned, it is a bulky business, and we don’t have much pressure as far as the 
pricing is concerned. But we will see what is the beneficial for us as far as the VoNB 
attrition is concerned. If it is a positive VoNB definitely we will be going forward for the 
larger deals in the coming quarter. So overall we expect that the group from the credit 
life as well as from the group annuity will go up in the coming quarters.  
Sanketh Godha: 
My question was on individual annuity which has also declined by 10%. Is there any 
pressure there in that sense?  
Management: 
No, it has subdued this quarter. But our rates are quite competitive and we expect that 
this will bounce back in the coming quarters to come.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran – Managing Director and CEO for 
closing comments.  
Amit Jhingran: 
Thank you very much everybody, ladies and gentlemen for the time and the queries 
and the interest shown by all of you. You may get in touch with our investor relations 
team in case you have any follow up question at any point of time. Thank you. God 
bless.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
July 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except 
for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or 
phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the Company and 
its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the 
future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the 
economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-
looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in 
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results 
could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 
