Emcure 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. P-1 & P-2, IT-BT Park, Phase-II, M.I.D.C., Hinjawadi, Pune - 411057, Maharashtra, India 
Phone Nos.: +91 20 – 35070033/ 35070000 Fax No.: +91 20 3507 0060 
E-mail: corporate@emcure.com  Website: www.emcure.com  CIN: U24231PN1981PLC024251 
 
Ref: EPL/CS/SE/0012/2024               
 
 
 
            Date: August 19, 2024 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Script Symbol: EMCURE 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 544210/ EMCURE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Call - Q1 FY25 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our intimation dated August 8, 2024, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call for the Q1 FY25, held on Wednesday, 
August 14, 2024 at 8.30 a.m. (IST).  
 
 
The above-mentioned transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the company i.e. 
https://www.emcure.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Chetan Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
  
SHARMA 
CHETAN 
RAJENDRA
Digitally signed by 
SHARMA CHETAN 
RAJENDRA 
Date: 2024.08.19 
16:37:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH MEHTA – GROUP CEO, EMCURE 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MR. TAJUDDIN SHAIKH – CFO, EMCURE 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS THAPAR – PRESIDENT-CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT, STRATEGY AND FINANCE, EMCURE 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH NAHAR – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGY, EMCURE 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to Emcure Pharmaceuticals' 1st Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Piyush Nahar from Emcure Pharma. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Piyush Nahar: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good morning, everyone. 
Last night we released our Financials for the 1st Quarter of Fiscal 2025 along with the Press 
Release. These are also posted on our website. We hope you all had the chance to review it. I 
would like to bring to everyone's notice that this call is being recorded and the recording and 
transcript will be available on our website.  
To discuss the Company's business performance and outlook, we have on the call our Group 
CEO – Mr. Satish Mehta; our CFO – Mr. Tajuddin Shaikh; and our President - Corporate 
Development, Strategy and Finance – Mr. Vikas Thapar.  
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about the safe harbor related to today's call. Today's 
discussion may include certain forward-looking statements which must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks that our business faces that could cause our future results, performance or 
achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements.  
At the end of the call, if you have any queries remaining unanswered, please free to contact us 
at investor.relations@emcure.com. 
I would now request our CEO – Mr. Satish Mehta to provide the “Opening Remarks”. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir.  
Satish Mehta: 
Thanks, Piyush. Good morning, and thanks for coming early morning. Deeply appreciated. It's 
a pleasure to speak to all today to present our 1st Quarterly results update.  
To begin with, I would like to thank all the investors, stakeholders and partners who helped us 
achieve a very successful listing. Once again a big thank you. We are delighted to have received 
a very strong response from the investors. I am acutely cognizant of the fact that the response 
and faith the investors have reposed in us puts enormous amount of responsibilities on our 
shoulders. We have always worked keeping in mind the interest of all shareholders and will 
continue to do so going forward.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
We are now embarking on a new journey as a listed company, and I would therefore ask for your 
support and guidance as we work towards building a great institution. Since this is our first call, 
I will start with providing a brief description of how we have built our business. I would like to 
talk about our strengths and strategies going forward. Post that, I would provide a brief update 
on our business overview and would then request our CFO Mr. Taj to provide the financial 
details, highlights for 1st Quarter. Post that, we would open up for question and answers.  
 
Now with that, I would like to talk about our strengths. As I have been repeatedly saying, the 
company has been built on science, technologies and innovation, and I am also a post graduate 
in organic chemistry. So, to that extent, science is very, very close to my heart.  
 
First, I would talk about our India business. In India we are ranked as 12th largest pharma 
company in the industry and as the 4th largest pharma company in our covered market. We are 
led by our strong R&D and strong sales and marketing. We are leaders in women health care, 
through our Anemia franchise. Orofer XT is the 17th largest brand in the pharma industry as per 
AWACS. 
 
In Cardiac, we introduced the concept of chirality. We are amongst the top 5 company in cardiac. 
We recently took over the entire Sanofi cardiac portfolio to promote and distribute, thereby 
further augmenting our position in the field of cardiology.  
We market Tenecteplase for acute ischemic stroke where we hold the global patent for the 
indication. Tenectase is on track to become an anchor brand and is leading our foray in CNS.  
 
Historically, we have been focused on metros and Tier-1, and the company has been built on the 
back of support of specialists and differentiated products that we have been marketing for last 
25 years. I am happy to state that specialists make up 70% of our prescriptions. We have now 
started focusing more on Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 markets with a basket of our established 
products. We have recently added 1,200 sales people in the last 18 months, taking our field 
strength to over 5,000.  
 
After having spoken about our India business, now let me turn to our International markets. Our 
focus in the International markets is also on differentiated products with emphasis on complex 
injectables.  
 
As far as Canada is concerned, we entered Canada through acquisition of Marcan Pharma in 
2015. Last year we acquired a second company in Canada to expand into Quebec. We are now 
a leading player in Canada and among the top 10 in generic players.  
 
As far as Europe is concerned, we acquired Tillomed in 2014 and used that as a base to expand 
Europe-wide in other countries and have scaled up 10x over a period of last 10 years.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
As far as emerging markets are concerned, the strategy is to take our differentiated products 
from India and Europe and Canada to emerging markets. As far as the emerging markets are 
concerned, what we have seen, these markets behave like India and have great potential. In many 
of the emerging markets, we have our own front end and in many of the markets, we market our 
products through our partners and distributors to reach all these markets.  
 
Having talked about the business, I would now like to turn on our strategy going forward. We 
will continue to focus on India and emerging markets as these together form two-thirds of our 
revenues.  
 
Over the last 12 months, we have made investments in both our front end - through field force 
addition and in manufacturing capacities by operationalizing four new facilities. This is with the 
view to provide better growth levers over the next two-three years for both India and 
international markets.  
 
In India, our strategy will be to focus on reach and penetration. In many of the therapies, we are 
very strong, and we will keep on augmenting on these therapies and building on it like gynec 
and cardiology and vitamins and others, but we will also focus on diabetes, CNS and derma, 
where a lot of work needs to be done. We would like to focus on these segments going forward.  
 
We will also work on improving the productivity per person as far as the India business is 
concerned. In India business, since the business has been built on differentiated products, many 
of them coming from our R&D, where I am very happy to say that mine is one of the company, 
which is strong in both chemistry and biologics. We have launched seven biologics in the 
industry. So, we will keep on focus on our science, technology, innovation and our R&D will 
continue to give us new products for both India and international markets.  
 
Additionally, we will also look out for in-licensing arrangements like Sanofi. The Sanofi project 
is going very well. The integration has been excellent. We will keep on looking for such 
opportunities going forward.  
 
We have been very successful as far as merger and acquisition is concerned in Canada and 
Europe. I talked about Tillomed. I talked about Marcan. I talked about Mantra. We will now 
look at M&A in India as well.  
 
So, as far as the strategy is concerned, we will be focusing on both organic growth as well as 
inorganic. We would look at inorganic opportunities like in-licensing arrangements or 
acquisition going forward while at the same time focusing on improving the productivity per 
person and also trying to ensure that we improve our reach and penetration by going to Tier-3, 
Tier-4 markets, Tier-2 markets now going forward.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Before I go to 1Q results, let me tell you our long-term vision and also address a key question 
up front which I expect to be there. Overall, our aspiration is to be a top 10 player in India not 
just in terms of revenues but also profitability. The business is a free cash flow generating with 
high return on capital and you will see that improving year-on-year.  
 
I also want to address up front one question, which will come up, which is on U.S. business 
which we demerged 3 years back. So, let me clarify. U.S. business is with tremendous amount 
of volatility, low predictability, highly capital intensive with low free cash flows. We have 
consciously taken a view to keep it out of Emcure and focus on the business of India, Emerging 
market along with Canada and EU(Europe), which are lot more stable and predictable.  
 
We have ring fenced the Emcure business from the volatility of the U.S. business. The business 
we now have is similar to consumer business. The base margins are good, but we are currently 
investing, which has suppressed our margins in the short term. As we move forward, you will 
see margins and return ratios improving quarter-by-quarter.  
 
Now, let me provide a brief review of 1Q performance.  
In the 1st Quarter, we have delivered a robust performance with total income growing by 17% 
year-on-year and EBITDA growing by a growth of 16%. Taj will be giving you more details as 
I pass on the baton to Taj after some time.  
 
Business wise, India business is doing well. We have been impacted due to one of our key 
products Ferric carboxymaltose (FCM) going off patent in October last year. Ex of this and 
without factoring Sanofi, our base business has grown by 7%. I am very happy to state that 
Sanofi business has integrated well, and we are on track.  
 
In international business, we are seeing green shoots. Europe is growing at high single digits. 
The launches here are back ended, so growth will pick up more from quarter 4. In Canada, both 
base businesses and Mantra is doing well. Organically, the business is growing double digits and 
we are quite positive as far as Canada goes.  
 
Emerging markets, we have a healthy order book both in non-ARV and ARV segment. In our 
non-ARV segment, we are seeing traction for our differentiated products, and we saw robust 
growth in this segment. I am happy to say that we are also in the process of registering our 
biologics in the emerging market and we see a great potential for our biologics in the emerging 
markets going forward.  
 
The quarterly growth tends to be volatile in this segment. The quarter growth for emerging 
markets is bit muted as our ARV orders are more from this quarters in the current year. So, you 
will see an uptick in emerging markets going forward.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
With this, I would now request Taj, our CFO, for more details on the financials. Thank you very 
much.  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Good morning, participants. Welcome to our first Con Call. As mentioned by the CEO, 1Q has 
been a good quarter for us. Our revenue from operations grew by 17% year-on-year to 1,815 
crores for 1Q, growing from 1,556 crores in 1Q of FY '24.  
 
Our domestic business grew by 14% year-on-year to 909 crores, aided by Sanofi's portfolio 
offsetting the decline due to FCM. Ex-FCM and ex-Sanofi registered a steady growth of 7% Y-
o-Y and 8.4% Q-o-Q.  
 
Our international markets, which represent 50% of our revenue, grew at a robust 19.5% to 906 
crores, led by our Canadian and European markets. Canada grew to 294 crores for 1Q, aided by 
the Mantra acquisition. Ex-Mantra also, the base business growth was in double digits. Europe 
experienced high single digit growth, growing to 358 crores for 1st Quarter. For emerging 
markets, our sales stayed flattish, owing to seasonality and timing of the order.  
 
Gross margins for the quarter stood at 62.4% against 63.6% in quarter 1 of FY '24. The decline 
is due to business mix. Sanofi business is at a lower margin.  
Our EBITDA grew 16% year-on-year to 360 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 19.8%, similar to 
1Q last year. This is despite the 4 new plants which were operationalized over FY '24.  
 
Depreciation and amortization expense increased to 94 crores from 67 crores year-on-year due 
to the Mantra acquisition and operationalization of 4 new plants. Q-o-Q depreciation is flat.  
 
Our interest cost for the quarter was at 59 crores, which will be lower going forward due to the 
reduction in debt. Our expected tax rate for 1st Quarter was at 26%.  
Our PAT for 1st Quarter stood at 153 crores, growing 8.2% year-over-year. Growth is lower due 
to the amortization of Mantra and new facility depreciation.  
 
Before I conclude and move to the Q&A, let me provide a brief view on full year. Our 1st Quarter 
last year was very strong, and hence the organic growth of the current quarter is a bit below 
trend. For the full year, we expect overall revenue growth of 20% plus. Even on margin front, 
we expect full year margins to be between 20% and 21% as we see operating leverage play out.  
 
We can now begin the Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ajay Sharma from Maybank. Please go ahead.  
Ajay Sharma: 
Thanks for the update. Can I check how much was the contribution from Sanofi in Q1?  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Piyush Nahar: 
So, we are not breaking that out, Ajay. So, as I said, ex Sanofi, ex Mantra, the business has 
grown 7%. I think from that you can get a sense, but we are not breaking out those revenues.  
Ajay Sharma: 
7% organic, is it, for the 1st Quarter?  
Piyush Nahar: 
Ex-FCM, organically we have grown 7% for the quarter.  
Ajay Sharma: 
So, that seems below trend actually. So, the Indian-based business has not grown that much, is 
it? Basically, where is the shortfall? Other than the rest of the world, I guess.  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, India, if you look at it, I think there are a couple of reasons. One is, last year for us, the first 
quarter was very strong. Usually, given our acute portfolio in Zuventus, the second quarter and 
third quarter are the strongest quarter. But if you look at last fiscal year, 1Q was largely similar 
to 2Q. So, of this high base, the growth looks a bit subdued. If you look at the AWACS and 
some of the external tracking, despite this, ex-FCM, we are organically growing slightly ahead 
of industry.  
 
Now, if you look at from operational perspective, we are seeing growth accelerating ahead. Some 
of the operational metrics we are seeing positive results. So, if you look at it, we have been 
talking about our focus in domestic markets over last 18 months has been, one, on converting 
more doctors, and secondly, increasing our prescriptions for doctors. Both we are now seeing 
results. So, our total prescriber base has grown by about 4.5% over the last 12 months. Similarly, 
we are seeing an increasing number of doctors co-prescribing our products, there though is still 
a lot of room to improve.  
 
And if you look at the number, you see this acceleration also reflecting in our quarter-on-quarter 
number. So, our Q-o-Q base business has grown by 7% including FCM also. Some of our top 
brands like Orofer XT, Tenectase are seeing very strong growth. So, our target for the full year 
is to grow ahead of industry by about 200 basis points, and we think we are on track for that.  
 
So, another factor that you are seeing a bit muted growth this quarter is also because this quarter 
the focus especially on the cardiac side was more on integration of Sanofi. And you will see 
those benefits coming out from 2Q and 3Q.  
Ajay Sharma: 
And then secondly on the margin, did you say EBITDA margin of 20% to 21% as compared to 
18.5% for the 1st Quarter? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes. So, overall for the for current 1st Quarter, we were at 19.8%. For the full year, we will be 
between the 20% to 21%.  
Ajay Sharma: 
So, you are including other income in that basically, is it?  
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jay Achara from Acharya and Associates. Please 
go ahead.  
Jay Achara: 
What is breakup of R&D cost in total cost? Just one question. And the second is, do you have 
any seasonlity in income, like any quarter would be higher and any quarter would be lower?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, R&D was around 4% for the quarter. In terms of seasonality, as I mentioned, domestic 
business usually 2Q, 3Q is stronger because of the acute piece there. In terms of the international 
market, usually 2H is stronger for us than 1H.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on the domestic foundation side, if you could share the breakup of MRs into acute and 
chronic therapies and MR productivity respectively?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, our total MRs is about 5,000 and roughly about 50, you will have a 50-50 acute and chronic 
between that. In terms of PPM, therefore, the 1st Quarter we were at about 6.3 versus last year 
we were at 5.8.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
And what is the MR attrition rate typically?  
Piyush Nahar: 
I think it is in line with the industry between the 20% and 30% around that figure.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
And lastly on this aspect, how do you intend to improve the productivity going forward?  
Vikas Thapar: 
Hi, this is Vikas. I will take that question. As we mentioned, we have actually added close to 
1,200 MRs in the last 18 months. And this was spread across both our chronic and acute side – 
In our Zuventus acute side of the business, we expanded quite significantly and split vertically 
our main division. In the chronic side as our CEO mentioned, part of our strategy is to go into 
some of the Tier-2, Tier-3 cities and so that team has expanded. And so as that team continues 
to ramp up and we see the productivity improving for some of the new hires, that will 
automatically drive, our productivity levels. We believe our productivity levels will be closer to 
7 by year end versus the 6.3 that we delivered in Q1.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
And maybe the presentation is not yet on the website. So, just if you could break down the 
domestic combination growth into acute growth and chronic growth for the quarter? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think for the quarter ex-FCM, our acute was slightly better growth. It would have been about 
closer to 8%. Chronic would have been about 6% odd.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, Chronic has grown at a lower rate compared to acute?  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Piyush Nahar: 
Slightly lower, yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
The first question is around the debt. I think one of the objectives of the IPO was to pare down 
the debt. Can you give us the debt number post the IPO? How much has it been reduced down 
by?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
So, our debt today is close to 850 crores. Prior to the IPO, it was around 1,550 crores.  
Gagan Thareja: 
You are talking about gross debt here or net debt?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Net debt. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Can you give the gross debt numbers, please?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Gross debt number would be close to 950 crores.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Versus?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Versus 2,000 crores.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Because it doesn't really reflect fully in the interest cost as far as I can see. So, the other question 
is around the outstanding litigations that there were a couple of outstanding litigations and 
settlement was supposed to have happened. What's the status there?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
First, let me answer, sir, on the interest cost. The interest cost benefits will be coming some in 
this quarter and then going forward, the entire benefit will be coming in from quarter 3 and 
quarter 4.  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, Gagan, the cash from the IPO came in only from July 10th. So, that's where the benefit will 
come through in 2Q. Vikas, you want to take on the litigations front?  
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes. If we are talking about the litigation, there was a U.S. litigation, which is obviously part of 
an industry-wide litigation, as was highlighted in the prospectus. We had actually reached a 
settlement with the three major classes. That settlement encompassed a payout from the now 
demerged U.S. entity, which is responsible for making good that entire amount. So, it's basically 
cash neutral from Emcure's perspective. And I think in all three of the cases, there is a process 
by which the counterparties have to basically file with the courts, which then recognize the 
settlement from both sides, the defendant and the other side. And so, we are at different stages 
of that being done. So, that is basically on track in line with what we have already highlighted 
recently as part of the IPO prospectus.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Gagan Thareja: 
There were, I think, certain loan guarantees that were offered by Emcure to the U.S. entity, which 
is hived off into a separate business now. And those loan guarantees were supposed to be 
transferred.  
Vikas Thapar: 
So, I answered the litigation part, vis-a-vis the loan guarantees, as that was already removed in 
Q1. The US entity has taken a new line of loan directly in the U.S., and by doing so, there is no 
longer the loan guarantee that exists between Emcure and the U.S. entity. So, that has been 
retired as of Q1.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And I think there is also an outstanding litigation with the HDT in the British Courts. I think in 
the U.S. settlement went in your favor and there was talk of, you know, you sort of going in for 
an out of court settlement. Is that issue fully resolved now?  
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes, in fact, I think there was a public announcement around that, that both sides had amicably 
resolved that issue in totality and in fact, have decided to re-engage in terms of a business 
cooperation and in doing so both on the U.S. matter as well as the UK arbitration matter, those 
have been withdrawn and the case is now fully settled on both sides.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And just for my understanding, is FCM, the product that you had post patent expiration, new 
competition and its impact, is it separate from Orofer or is Orofer also the same product? I am 
just sort of trying to clarify.  
Vikas Thapar: 
Orofer is the mother brand, and we do have Orofer XT, which is one of our, in fact, our leading 
brand, which is the Ferrous Ascorbate molecule, whereas FCM, we sell under Orofer FCM for 
the Ferric Carboxymaltose, but it sort of rolls up under the same Orofer mother brand for anemia.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And what would have been the size of FCM pre-expiration and what has been the status off late 
in the recent court?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, Gagan, we are not getting into product wise numbers there, but I think you can get a sense 
from that if you look at some of the external tracking and also the numbers we have given, but 
we are not getting into exact brand sizes on the call.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And for the ARV piece, I think last year was a difficult year for all ARV formulators because 
the prices moved very sharply downward. What has been your experience in the last full year 
for ARV, and how has it worked out for you in the 1st Quarter, and how do you see it moving 
forward?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, yes, Gagan, I think in the last couple of years there has been a lot of pressure on the ARV 
segment and in fact, from an Emcure perspective, I think how we look at ARV is that it's not 
something we want to aggressively build up. The focus there is on margins. So, both from a 
market perspective and also from our internal costing, we have a threshold that we want to get 
at least on that business and basically our bids are aligned with that.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Having said that, I think this year we are seeing some green shoots out there in terms of both the 
pricing and also from our internal costing also. So, we are seeing orders which are meeting our 
margin threshold picking up.  
Satish Mehta: 
During COVID time, Gagan, what happened, there was massive stockpiling which had taken 
place in all the countries which purchased ARV products. So, once those stocks had been 
liquidated, now the situation is getting back to normal. So, we do expect that as soon as HIV or 
ARV business is concerned, that should be better than what we did last year. But having said 
that, we are very, very, what I would say, selective as far as HIV or ARV business is concerned 
because of the margins.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And if I look at the results, that most companies have announced in 1Q while sales growth 
wouldn't have been very, very strong across the board, but gross margins have improved across 
the board for all companies. I presume part of it is coming from the lower API prices and at least 
in India, the ex-NLEM portfolio getting a good price increase. In your case, if one were to keep 
the Sanofi portfolio out, would the gross margins on your India business have improved for 1Q 
over last year?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Yes. Without the Sanofi portfolio, our margins have improved by about 100 to 150 bps.  
Piyush Nahar: 
At the overall company level.  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
At the overall company level.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And for your overheads, is the number that we saw in 1Q for employee and overheads something 
that is sort of stable and sustainable going into the next three quarters?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Yes. The numbers are pretty stable and going into the next quarter, it could be similar numbers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alok Dalal from Jefferies India. Please go ahead.  
Alok Dalal: 
First question, sir, is on the differentiated products. So, differentiated products is one of the 
strengths of the company. Can you tell us what is the contribution of these products to FY '24 
revenue and for the 1st Quarter as well?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, for the FY '24 in terms of the, if I look at the domestic business, about 53% of our revenues 
came from these differentiated products. In terms of the international market, that would have 
been roughly about one-third of the business there. 1st Quarter would have been a similar 
number. And to highlight out in terms of differentiated products, I think one product where at 
least in the domestic market we are seeing a lot of good traction is Tenectase, which is now 
included in your essential list from the central government.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Satish Mehta: 
It has been included in the essential list by the Government of India, Ministry of Health, and 
apart from that, what is really happening, that many of the state governments are also getting 
this product as part of the essential drugs. Because it is understood by everyone including the 
governments, both states as well as central, that as far as the stroke is concerned, it is a much 
bigger problem than MI.  
 
So, to that extent, all the governments are proactively going in for this particular product. We 
are also reaching out to them and the good thing that is happening as the country is improving 
on the health index, many of the primary centers, they also have the CT scan and all these 
facilities are available.  
 
So, obviously going forward, we see a lot of potential for this particular product. And just to tell 
you while we are doing survey, I think almost 120 out of 100,000 people are getting stroke in 
the country and hardly 7% or 8% of the guys are getting treated. So, a lot of work will have to 
be done, but this particular product has enormous potential going forward.  
Alok Dalal: 
And the second one is on the biologics. Biologics is again a big focus area for the company, and 
I believe you have new launches lined up. So, which are the geographies which will be 
meaningful from a biologics contribution perspective apart from India?  
Satish Mehta: 
So, as far as biologics are concerned, what has really happened recently, our plant was audited 
by the European authorities and we expect, positive outcome going forward. For biologics, we 
see a lot of potential in MENA countries, especially Saudi Arabia, UAE, Morocco, Algeria, these 
are the countries where we are getting traction and apart from that Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka is one 
country where we have got good volumes for Tenectase and the other countries that we have 
been talking is Southeast Asia, like Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines, Indonesia. These are the 
countries we are very hopeful as far as the biologics are concerned. And our strategy for 
biologics is essentially to focus on the emerging markets where we see good growth potential.  
Alok Dalal: 
Satish, lot of companies are trying biologics especially for emerging markets, So, what 
differentiates Emcure versus the others? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So, there also, if you look at it, for us, I think it's the product that we are working on, right. So, 
the portfolio for us that we are focusing on, is Tenecteplase, where globally if you look at it, 
there are not that many players out there. Especially for Tenectase, we hold the global patent for 
use in stroke.  
 
Similarly, PEG-asparaginase, where again, it's an orphan drug, where globally, there are not 
many players out there. One of a bit more commoditized, but where we have a lot more cost 
efficiencies is EPO, So, I think those are the products. We are not going for your regular mabs. 
I think similar to the chemical entities, here also we are focusing on having a bit more 
differentiated biologics.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Alok Dalal: 
And Piyush, I believe you will have the capacity to launch these products in the coming years?  
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes.  
Alok Dalal: 
And last question is on margins. So, Taj, if you exclude FCM and exclude Sanofi, then your 
EBITDA margins would have improved Y-o-Y?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parag Thakkar from Anvil Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Parag Thakkar: 
First of all, I would like to thank the entire team and wish you all the best for a new journey. 
And I would like to say that, see, as you very rightly said that you have deliberately put U.S. 
business outside Emcure listed company to make it a more sustainable and predictable business, 
which will be fairly valued by the market.  
 
And I am already an investor in the company. And I would love to have, what is your aspiration, 
as the, I would say, achievable outcome, the 20% growth with around 19%-20% ROCE. I think 
that is what every investor will aspire for.  
 
So, the most part of it, if I understand correctly, is going to come because of your four new 
capacities and 1,200 new MRs which you have had in the last 18 months. If I have heard it 
correctly, the most part of this 20% growth as well as 19% to 20% ROCE, and of course, 
EBITDA margin of close to 20% is achievable due to that operating leverage, right? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes. 
Vikas Thapar: 
So, I think broadly you are correct. I think the current year growth is going to be driven by the 
additional capacities as well as the addition of the field force that we have had in India. Outside 
of India though, what is also very important is our recent acquisition in Canada and some of the 
synergies we will achieve out of that acquisition will drive our growth, for example, in Canada 
and as well as our robust R&D pipeline. We obviously continue to spend between 4% to 5% on 
R&D every year and we will continue to focus on a differentiated product portfolio which will 
continue to drive growth in several of these areas.  
 
And so, I think, and outside of that as we have successfully done in the recent past both in terms 
of looking for some inorganic drivers - acquisitions as well as strategic partnerships the likes of 
what we had accomplished with Sanofi for their cardiac portfolio. I think these are the different 
levers that will drive that growth. And certainly, as the capacities get better utilized and the field 
force gets more productive, that will automatically lead to more operational leverage, which will 
help our margin profile improve quarter-on-quarter.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Parag Thakkar: 
So, basically just one question. When you do a small acquisition or when you do a in-licensing 
like what we did with Sanofi, I think it will not dilute the ROCE. But if you do a big acquisition, 
like recently which we have seen in last few months, in domestic pharma industry, I think the 
acquisitions are too pricey and that will dilute your ROCE and net debt profile.  
 
So, as an investor, I would like to say that for few quarters or years where you prove yourself as 
a 20% compounder and a predictable compounder with very low net debt number, as you rightly 
said, now the net debt number is 850 crores and we see the impact of that also, as you said, that 
from Q3, Q4 the interest cost will come down.  
 
Let us see those numbers and then I think talk about any big acquisition which will dilute ROCE 
because all those acquisitions, although they might be strategic and they might be helpful in long 
run, but in medium term, they generally tend to dilute ROCE. And what we as an investor would 
love to see is a 20% ROCE number with 20% growth and 20% margins. We love this 20 number 
by the way.  
Vikas Thapar: 
No, certainly appreciate your inputs and guidance and we are very cognizant of that. And so 
when we are looking at evaluating any opportunity, obviously, that is a critical aspect of the 
analysis that goes on and we will be very mindful of some of the feedback that we get from our 
investor community. Thank you.  
Parag Thakkar: 
And please ensure that whatever acquisition you do, at least in second year of operation, it will 
be EPS accretive because unnecessarily if EPS gets diluted, I think the wealth creation journey 
which Satish, the CEO, pointed out too gets a little bit of negativity. So, I would say that these 
are my requests that I am not a pharma analyst, and I am an investor. So, the chronic part of the 
portfolio, if you can keep growing and outpacing the industry growth, I think that will be highly 
appreciative, whether it is gynec or whether it is cardio. I know gynec is considered a sub-
chronic, but the CNS, these are the segments I think in the opening remark of the CEO we heard. 
So, I think the chronic part needs to grow substantially and that gives us a good multiple also.  
Vikas Thapar: 
Absolutely. I appreciate the feedback.  
Satish Mehta: 
No, we appreciate it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from J. P. Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Bansi Desai: 
My first question is on Canada business. If you can help us understand on a steady-state basis, 
how should we think about growth in this market, both for Mantra and ex-Mantra? And if I 
understand correctly, the market growth in Canada probably would be in single digits. So, what 
is going to be driving growth for us? Is it going to be new product launches? Or if you can 
comment on pricing, volume, that will be great.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes, Bansi, I will take a stab at it and Piyush, you can chime in. So, you know, for us, our 
aspiration is to continue to grow on a steady-state double digits for the Canadian market for the 
short to medium-term. While the market, as you rightly said, continues to grow probably mid 
single digits.  
 
We believe that the Mantra acquisition, which only concluded less than a year back, there is a 
lot of green shoots from that because obviously Mantra on its own already had an exciting 
portfolio that they were selling in the Quebec region. Some of that portfolio we are able to take 
to other parts of Canada through Marcan's existing network.  
 
And similarly, Marcan has a number of products that historically were not present in the Quebec 
region, which Mantra is able to take and expand in that region. And then, obviously, we continue 
to evaluate new products that we would like to work on in terms of the R&D pipeline or BD and 
licensing opportunities for the Canadian market.  
 
Having built up a sizable presence, we are one of the leading generic players now in Canada 
with a business that is approaching on an annualized basis almost 200 million Canadian dollars. 
We think that that puts us in a very exciting position to be able to avail of our leadership to 
continue to grow and grab market share in that segment.  
Bansi Desai: 
And as I understand the profitability here in this market is way superior than other international 
markets for us. So, should we expect that to continue?  
Vikas Thapar: 
Generally, what we have seen is the competitive intensity in Canada for a number of products 
tends to be a lot less severe than one would see in other regulated markets, certainly markets like 
U.S. or even UK, etc. And there is obviously certain pricing regulations in how the Canadian 
market operates in terms of the number of generic players that are there against the innovator 
brand, etc.  
 
So, as long as there is no significant disruptions to the pricing regime and the regulations, we 
believe that it's a good market for the kinds of product portfolio that we have, where it's a good 
mix of both oral solids as well as some of the complex injectables that we sell, which lends itself 
to a decent margin profile. So, we believe in the short to medium-term again, we can sustain 
those margins.  
Bansi Desai: 
And would we still have M&A opportunities in that market?  
Vikas Thapar: 
We will continue to look where it makes sense to do so in that market.  
Bansi Desai: 
And my second question is on India business. And this is just a small clarification. Piyush, on 
this India number that we have reported, does this include the EM contribution bit or this is 
excluding that?  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Piyush Nahar: 
This is excluding that.  
Bansi Desai: 
And secondly, you mentioned 5,000 as our field force count. So, does this include managers as 
well?  
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes.  
Bansi Desai: 
So, excluding that what the number would be?  
Piyush Nahar: 
Excluding that will be closer to about 4,100.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ajay Sharma from Maybank. Please go ahead.  
Ajay Sharma: 
I was just doing some rough math, basically looking at your organic growth of 7%, right? And 
considering the Mantra acquisition to be about a 100 crores contribution, seems like the Sanofi 
part contributed only around 50 crores, which looks way below the 500 crores you were 
targeting. So, I mean, I was just wondering... 
Piyush Nahar: 
No, the 7% we talked about is also ex-FCM. So, I don't think that 50 is correct. We can take this 
offline, Ajay, if you want to.  
Ajay Sharma: 
Okay, but definitely it's running below the 500-crore kind of guidance which we had given at 
the time of the IPO. So, I am just wondering.  
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes, Ajay, I think Piyush answered it. What he was highlighting is that you also need to factor 
in the FCM impact, the erosion of FCM relative to Q1 of the prior year.  
Ajay Sharma: 
And how much would that be?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, Ajay, we can take the numbers offline because we don't want to talk about specific product 
numbers here. But I think Sanofi from our perspective, it's tracking in line with what we were 
expecting for that business. So, we are not seeing difference versus what we had been expected 
earlier.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please, go ahead.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Sir, on your capacity utilization, can you give some idea, I mean, overall, where does it stand 
and for the new plants, where does it stand?  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, on the new plants, if you look at it, three of them have started operations and we started 
supplying from them. So, if you look at Kadu, which was more focused on global oral solids, 

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
there we are now reaching about a 60% utilization. So, that should be breakeven from third 
quarter.  
 
Mehsana there are two lines there, solids and injectables. The solids, we are now closer to about 
40%. Injectables, we have just started filing from there, so that is still small. I think there you 
will see more product launches towards end of the year or early next year.  
 
Biologics, again, similar to the injectables in Mehsana, we are still in filing stages. So, that will 
take a bit longer to change capacity utilization. Oncology, we are at 20% and that you should 
see ramp up coming year.  
Vikas Thapar: 
I think, overall, just to add, we think that there is probably, cumulatively from these four 
facilities, the way you just described it in more detail, still about a 75-basis point margin drag 
on account of, obviously, them ramping up. Our older facilities continue to be at a fairly well 
utilization level. So, overall, as these facilities ramp up by year-end or early next year, we should 
get the benefit of that 75 basis points or so drag that we are currently seeing on these new 
facilities.  
Gagan Thareja: 
So, if that works out to plan, you have a 75-basis point margin swing purely from the operating 
leverage on new facilities, and then to add to that you have the potential for PCPM improvement 
on your field force. So, I am just wondering, is the potential for margin improvement perhaps 
possibly 100 basis points or more? I understand, you know, it may, or it may not play out over 
a certain timeframe, but as a hypothesis, if things work per your anticipation, is that a plausible 
scenario?  
Vikas Thapar: 
So, I will just take that follow-up. As we guided, we did just about 20% EBITDA margins in 
Q1. You know, overall we anticipate our EBITDA margin profile to be there about in the range 
between 20% to 21%, factoring in some of these positive upsides that are there towards year-
end.  
 
And certainly, as we exit FY '25 and look beyond, we certainly would aspire to have that margin 
profile improve going forward. So, you are absolutely right. We think there is about 100 basis 
point of margin profile improvement possible if we are able to execute to plan by the end of the 
year. And certainly, that should only get better going forward from the next fiscal.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And I think there is also an outstanding tax dispute of around 250 crores. Have you taken any 
provisions for that, or do you feel the need to take any provisions for that?  
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
It's under appeal and we have not taken any provisions, and we don't feel the need to take any 
extra provisions for that.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Gagan Thareja: 
I think you also in the past indicated that you intend to file Amphotericin, Liposomal 
Amphotericin. I mean, is that something that you have already done for the emerging markets, 
and do you intend to see commercial benefits of that or are you in the process of filing that? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes. So, if you look at Amphotericin B, we have already got approval in the UK and have 
launched it there. EU we have already filed. We are expecting approval this year and we are 
basically actively filing in the various emerging markets. So, those approvals you should start 
from this year but more meaningfully from next year.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And the growth guidance that you have given in aggregate of 20%, is it possible to perhaps give 
a little more detailed picture specifically for different geographies? I mean, broad brush numbers 
would also be of great help.  
Piyush Nahar: 
So, for India, as Satish mentioned, the focus will be to grow 200 basis points higher than the 
industry on an organic basis. International, I think this year, given the Mantra acquisition, we 
should see much stronger growth out there. But I think if you look at domestic international, our 
split should roughly remain at 50%-50%.  
Gagan Thareja: 
And any plans for Semaglutide filing in India? I think the generics come through in March of 
'26.  
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes, so we are working on it and we will be looking to launch that.  
Vikas Thapar: 
Our R&D team is obviously actively working on it and we are bullish that we should be there 
along with others on day 1.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Just a clarification. On your standalone reporting, if I calculate the operating margin, it comes 
fairly low at around 12%. I may have gotten it wrong, but I am just sort of eyeballing it and it 
would seem to me that the standalone operating margin takes some other income of closer to 
12%. Why is that the case if I got the number correct?  
Piyush Nahar: 
Gagan, I think standalone has a lot of things because for our foreign subsidiaries. All the 
manufacturing is done here, so it depends on when shipments happens. So, I don't think 
standalone we will look at it. I think consol is a better picture to look at.  
Piyush Nahar: 
I think, Neerav, we can close the session now.  
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. We don't have anyone in the question queue. I would like to hand the conference to Mr. 
Piyush for closing comments.  
Piyush Nahar: 
Thank you all for joining today's call. If any of your queries still remain unanswered, please feel 
free to reach out to us. You can email us at investor.relations@emcure.com.  

 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Satish Mehta: 
And just a concluding remark from my side. We take your feedback very seriously and whatever 
suggestions that you have given, they will be deliberated and resulting in positive action and 
response from our end. Thanks. It means a lot to me whatever you guys have come, spared your 
invaluable time and given those feedback. Please continue doing so. And we are going to be 
very receptive to whatever you say.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
