 
 
EL/SEC/2024-25/ 41 
 
July 08, 2024 
 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda  
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
"Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Script Code: 543533 
 
Symbol: EMUDHRA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the investor / analyst call post acquisition of TWO95 International Inc, USA   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) 
Regulations, 2021, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the investor / analyst call held on 
July 03, 2024, post acquisition of the TWO95 International Inc, USA. The audio recording of the 
investor / analyst call, along with the Transcript, is available on the Company’s website at 
https://emudhra.com/investors.jsp. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
For eMudhra Limited 
 
 
 
 
Johnson Xavier 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A28304 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above. 
 
 
 
JOHNSO
N 
XAVIER
Digitally signed 
by JOHNSON 
XAVIER 
Date: 2024.07.08 
12:40:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“eMudhra Limited Conference Call” 
July 03, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENKATRAMAN SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. RITESH RAJ PARIYANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. KAUSHIK SRINIVASAN – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
(PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT), EMUDHRA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. KAUSHIK SRINIVASAN – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
(INTERNATIONAL SALES AND STRATEGY), EMUDHRA 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the eMudhra Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venkataraman from eMudhra. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Thank you very much. Thanks to all of you for joining the call. So, we recently did one 
acquisition of a company called TWO95 International and we have filed the necessary details 
with the stock exchange portal and then this call is for briefing and taking on the question and 
answers relating to this acquisition. 
So, before we start the question and answers, I will give a brief overview of the company and 
overview of this acquisition and later on we can take the question and answers. So, this company 
TWO95 International is in the IT services business. So, focusing on this cybersecurity area and 
the digital transformation area. 
They have a good number of customers in the US and they have been in existence for the past 
15 years. So, they started in 2009 in New Jersey, USA and 15 years they have been in existence. 
And their last year growth rate was about 16.7% and they achieved a cyber security and digital 
transformation revenue of about 7.63 million. And the PAT is about 0.65 million and we are 
acquiring the company for a total consideration of 10.1 million but out of which some part 
payment will be made over the next two years after the completion of first year and after the 
completion of the second year. Until then the current management is Mahesh Menon and Sankar 
Menon will be in the company. 
 
So, the transition and all those things they will also take care and that way the continuity of 
management will be ensured. So based on their revenue and the profit the revenue multiple on 
our acquisition works out to 1.33x and the PAT multiple work out to 15.53x. And the EBITDA 
multiple is about 9x to 10x. 
 
So that way the acquisition is clearly the EPS accretive for the eMudhra shareholder because we 
are acquiring at a much lower valuation compared to the eMudhra valuation. Then the other 
thing is to give you a brief overview of our getting into US and how we have progressed in the 
US and why this acquisition is of significance as most of you are aware. We ventured into the 
US market about two to three years back. Then we were trying to sell our product. Then we 
acquired one company they named Ikon. So after Ikon we got a customer base and employee 
base. 
 
And because of the customer base and employee base we could penetrate in the US market. So, 
if you see our own product and revenue from the US market in the last year has improved 
considerably to over USD 6 million to USD 7 million. So that much it has improved. 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
So and we also got a number of reference customer base. Recently also we have won a federal 
government order with the US state government order which can set up precedence for 
participation in many other state governments. So that way in this company also because we 
have a good number of customers our ability to penetrate that customer base will be good and 
our size and scale in the US also will improve with this acquisition. 
So from a logical standpoint the key drivers which lead to this acquisition is one is the increase 
in revenue base in the USA. Then augment the talent to drive the customer engagement. Then 
enhance local support to ensure streamlined delivery. Then improve customer base for cross-
selling, up-selling of company's products and services. 
 
And again another important thing is the scale and reference customers in the US which will 
provide with a strong credibility not only in the US market but in the global market. So these are 
all the synergies and these are all the purpose for which we are acquiring and the logic I have 
explained to you in terms of the revenue multiple and the PAT multiple and also about the 
continuity of management. So with that I think I have given a fairly good overview. 
 
Maybe you can we can get into question and answers and we can we can go over that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question is 
from the line of Nitin Sharma from M.C. Pro Research. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Sharma: 
So, this business as per my estimate has an EBITDA margin of 15% to 16%. So what kind of 
impact it will have on consolidated issue on the eMudhra financial? And secondly, how big is 
the client overlap between the two companies? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: First, I will address the client overlap. As of now, there is no client overlap because eMudhra 
doesn't have a large number of customers in the USA. So we have a few customers. They have 
almost 20-25 customers. So there is not much overlap. So in that customer base, we can try to 
sell our MCA, emSigner and the other certificate management products. So that way there is not 
much overlap. So that will provide a good platform.  
Then coming to the margin, because they are in the services business the margin is low. But 
when we go and we scale up, we have to improve the margin. And then combined with our 
product and their services generally in the product, the gross margin will be 80%-85%. So that's 
where even on their base of whatever 7 million-8 million if you are able to sell some 2 million-
3 million of product, the overall margin can easily come to generally whatever net margin we 
are having at around 18%-20%. So that way it will take care of the margin. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Wonderful. Thank you. I'll get back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Hi. Congratulations on successfully executing the transaction, first of all. I wanted to understand 
of course more in detail. So what kind of – you said that they have about 20-25 customers. What 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
are profile of these customers? Are these the banks and health care companies that we would 
typically be after? What is the profile of these customers? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: They are mainly in health care, utilities and also some government customers and some financial 
service customers. And another thing is some of them are in the SAP-related customers and we 
have SAP integration for our product designers. So those customer base also will be helpful. So 
majorly it is health care, utilities, government and financial. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Great. So then that's very much the profile that we like. But I'm also wondering have we done 
any kind of a pilot where we first teamed up with their BD team and tried to push our product 
and see some success or early recognition before we took this step? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: This company, we have not done. But with our earlier company, Ikon, we did a lot of work. Our 
sales team worked with them and then they have won some 4-5 customers and recently also one 
of the state government in the US won the order for the emSigner. So that way that experience 
we have and similar way we can do with these customers. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Okay. So you believe that the experience that you have had with the Ikon customers can be 
translated here, the learnings would be – the experience would be similar in terms of conversion. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Correct. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Understood. And how big is their team currently? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Their team is about 50 to 60 people and out of them some 7-8 people are in India helping the US 
implementation and all that. The balance people are in the US. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. And so in terms of the ramp up, in terms of integrating with them, I understand that there 
are more than just BD benefits that we are expecting from this acquisition. But from a BD 
perspective, do we have any kind of goals as to what will quote-unquote make this a successful 
transaction within the first one year? How many accounts would we like to create or how much 
revenue we would like to generate? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Successful acquisition if through this at least 4-5 emSigner, MCA customers we get for a value 
of USD 2 million to USD 3 million, then we would have achieved our purpose in the first year. 
Then maybe over the years, it may improve further. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. So 4 to 5 emSigner plus eMca, but overall the target revenue would be USD 2 million 
from the first year? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Additional 2 to 3 million not the current services revenue only the product revenue. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Correct additional. Makes sense. Sir I was also noticing that the promoter has sold 100% of his 
stake, but the promoter as of now at least plans to remain. How dependent are these relations 
with the promoters and how long have we locked in the promoter to remain with us? 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: We have locked in for 2 years because so only 87%, 88% money is paid now and the balance 
will be paid in 2 years. So that way they are there and also there will be an employment contract 
locking them for 2 years. So, 2 years definitely they will be there. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Okay. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Vashistha from Aksa Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Hi. This is Rishi Maheshwari. Thanks for taking my question. So, this is from an understanding 
of the verticals that they are involved -- that TWO95 is involved in. From the press release it 
mentions that there is a generative AI digital transformation edge computing and cybersecurity. 
If you can throw some more light in terms of what is the proportion of revenue that comes from 
say generative AI and cybersecurity that will be helpful. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: The main key thing is cybersecurity. Generative AI is more of an add-on. Maybe I will ask 
Kaushik to explain how it will complement cybersecurity and other things, but predominantly 
70%, 80% business relate to the cybersecurity area and some businesses relate to digital 
transformation maybe Kaushik can explain how the generative AI complements this. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Just to add in cybersecurity we are more into stock monitoring, threat intelligence and those 
kinds of services. Here more and more there is an immense amount of data that is coming to any 
organization, historically being served by data analytics, but more now currently being served 
through these large bandwidth models which are able to pass both structured and unstructured 
data to give you quick inferences through a natural language interface.  
So generative AI is more a value-added component. In many of the areas they do, it's more like 
a horizontal sort of stack that is cutting across many of these other sorts of verticalized, sort of 
specialized focus areas. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Sure. So, what is the intention? The intention is to place an emSigner or some of our security 
solutions into the 2025 clients that you mentioned over here? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes, that is one intention. Another intention is through their sales team and our sales team where 
we approach new customers with that reference and those kinds of things so both ways. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
So, the customer base per revenue, revenue per client seems not very big from about 25 clients 
you generated about USD 8 million? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: In a company what we are able to acquire for USD 10 million will be like this now. Otherwise, 
it will be USD 100 million, USD 200 million. So, we are not looking at those kind of companies. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Sure. No, I get that. Fair enough, sir. Next question is in terms of understanding what is your 
thought in terms of making US. Currently I think eMudhra would be about USD 15 million, 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
USD 16 million in terms of annual revenue from US. How would you perceive this revenue 
from the US to be in the next 2 years? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Next 2 years maybe around 40 million at least we should reach, that is what we will aim 40 to 
50 can go after 2 years. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
And so, you are saying organically and inorganically put together this is USD 24 million run 
rate is what you are already running it. So that USD 24 million should go to about USD 40 
million? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. Currently, we may not be running including this acquisition. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
By acquisition this will become USD 24 million.  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Correct.  
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Yes, this USD 24 million you are assuming that this should go to USD 40 million in two years? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes, including some maybe some acquisition. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Including some of the prospective acquisitions? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes correct. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Okay. All right. Thank you very much.  
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinath V from Bellwether Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Srinath V: 
Hi, Kaushik. Wanted to understand the technology compatibility between the service TWO95 
offers and our product suite, especially from, if there is any technical compatibility from an 
emSign Hub perspective, or would it largely be a no paper transformation business and where, 
where would they come in? Would they come in more implementation or designing the protocol 
and so on? So if you could spend some time on how the technology overlay between the two 
companies work? Thank you. 
Kaushik Srinivasan: 
Actually, that's a couple of areas that they are focused on. One is on the cyber security side, as I 
said, where there is a good fitment for our certificate lifecycle management, because they 
manage a lot of the network operations, security operations for some of these customers that 
were just outlined through the consulting piece, where there is now truly this concept of zero 
trust that is getting embedded. The certificates are being deployed across, networking devices to 
primarily ensure the interconnects are secure, identified and sort of encrypted. 
So that's one area that will complement whatever we have with what they are selling. And the 
other area is more around the digital transformation gen AI, where they also have, some state 
government contracts where they do some SAP work, right? So there again, what we have on 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
the emSigner side will probably complement some of the existing work that they are doing to 
facilitate, easier sort of signing on various use cases like invoices, purchase orders, and whatnot, 
right? 
 
So I think these are the two immediate areas that we are kind of looking at. And also, they have 
built some interesting modules, primarily around ERP data analytics using gen AI, which we try 
and also see how we can plug in more from a cost averaging standpoint. 
Srinath V: 
Perfect. Just to follow on that in cybersecurity, are they working with like Fortune 500?  Okay, 
so this is largely mid market. And where would they come in? Yes, please. 
Management: 
Mid market few, larger companies are probably in the Fortune 100, 200. And as well as some of 
the state government entities, right? 
Srinath V: 
Perfect. And you guys, so they would be able to even do the design architecture to, place emSign 
Hub in these customers, because it would be a complex overlay, right? 
Management: 
No, they do have some talent who are sort of subject matter experts in areas that we are looking 
to cross sell, maybe it has to be complemented with a little bit of training that is specific to the 
product, but the broader understanding of cybersecurity and how zero trust plays out, they do 
have people that understand that. 
Srinath V: 
Got it. And from a gen AI perspective, the third lever that you spoke about is homomorphic 
encryption critical for that would there that's where we would come in to help them out? Would 
that be a fair understanding? 
Management: 
No so homomorphic encryption is obviously more on the cybersecurity side, it's more applicable 
to the way keys are managed from a data privacy standpoint, that we have to slowly work with 
them to see how those kinds of use cases can be popularized, which is still in kind of early stages, 
right? So as of now, the thought process is more whatever we had just outlined earlier, 
homomorphic encryption, we'll take it up. once some of these conversations become a little more 
mature. 
Srinath V: 
Perfect. The last one would be how would the organization structure play out in US now, we 
have, one entity in Texas and our management sits out of there. If I'm not mistaken, this is this 
asset is on the east coast. So, want to understand how will the whole company, look like from a 
structure point of view, 12-18 months out in US? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No structure point of view, it will be services and product for services, because both has to be 
driven by a separate sales team. So how the sales team, the management predominantly is in 
India. So, the management, finance, legal, all these things we control out of India and the 
international sales is under Arvind, who sits in Dubai. 
 
But their separate sales services sales will have to be controlled separately and the product sales 
has to be controlled separately. So on the product field, we have sales team, we have created 
some four or five very senior people recruited. So that sales team have to work with the Ikon 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
sales team as well as this TWO95 international sales team. So, to get into the customer and then 
gradually sell our product and solution to them, but otherwise the other services sales, these 
respective sales team itself will do. 
Srinath V: 
Thank you, sir. And congratulations for your successful acquisition, sir. I'll get back into the 
question. 
Management: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday 
Advisors, LLP, please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Hi, so thank you for the follow up. So, I know this question was somewhat asked earlier in the 
call as well. But I'm just wondering how this at a consolidated level, what does this imply for 
our margin guidance as well as revenue guidance? The guidance that we have given was on an 
organic basis. 
 
And so, this will be the extra layer on top, in terms of revenue and in terms of operating margin, 
at least for the first year as we go about converting these customers, do we fear that our EBITDA 
margins will drop? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No, the guidance we gave was about from last year revenue was INR380 crores. From there, we 
said it could go to INR 480 crores to INR 500 crores. That is inclusive acquisition. We said that 
we are looking at small service acquisition and also product acquisition. So, it's around INR500 
crores guidance, which is a 30%, 32% growth guidance was including acquisition, number one. 
 
And the margin also, we said last year around 20% back margin. This year, we said because the 
UAE also is introducing the tax, it can go down to 18%. So, that is what will be there. That is 
also includes the lower margin from this acquisition complemented by higher margin arising out 
of our product sales so that the overall net margin can be maintained at that 18% at least. So, 
this is what we are thinking. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
So, you believe that the guidance that you've given for PAT margin, even with this acquisition 
can be maintained, correct? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Because with that, we think we will be able to sell the product which will have higher margin. 
So, though this may have lower margin on a combination basis should be able to maintain. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
But the 30% revenue growth you're saying is the guidance was inclusive of inorganic? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Inclusive, yes. Correct. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
All right. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moksha Shah from Agility Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moksha Shah: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the acquisitions that we are planning. So, are we planning 
more acquisitions in future and particularly in US? You just mentioned there's an additional 
revenue of 40 million to 50 million from the acquisitions. So, what would be the timeline for 
this? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: What is it? No. There are two questions. What are you saying? 40 million to 50 million from 
acquisitions. 
Management: 
I think the statement earlier made was that the overall revenue in US likely is on the current level 
of whatever 24, to 40. So, it's not incrementally 40. It's incrementally correct. That's a figure. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Acquisition side, because even our QIP, we made with some targets of acquisitions. So, this is 
one of the acquisitions. We are looking at some more acquisitions, but small company, maybe a 
product acquisition or a small press service company acquisition, those kind of thing in US and 
Europe. So, some of those may materialize within the current financial year. 
Moksha Shah: 
So, this target would be led with the acquisitions that we're doing or just the inorganic growth? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: What is it? 
Moksha Shah: 
The additional revenue, the 40 million to 50 million target that we have. That is including the 
organic? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: No. Again, 40 million to 50 million is not the additional revenue in the US. The earlier question 
was currently you are doing a run rate of 2 million per month or something. That is 24 million 
run rate with this acquisition. Including the acquisition, the US run rate is 24 million. In the next 
2 years, where do you see the US revenue? So, that was the question. For that, we said the US 
revenue in 2 years could become 40 million. So, that is not the global revenue. From the global 
revenue perspective, we gave guidance of INR 380 crores to INR 500 crores, including 
acquisition. So as of now, that INR 500 crores, we feel we should be able to achieve. That is it. 
Moksha Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question. I am just taking a step back in terms of our 
acquisition strategy. If you look at TWO95 International, it looks like a pure play traditional IT 
Services Company. So, given that our genesis has been around products, going into acquiring 
IT Services Companies, do you think that makes more sense than probably just collaborating 
with them, given that at the end of the day, we want to be positioned in the marketplace as a 
products company, right? 
 
Or how are we thinking more about that? Because the last two acquisitions that we have made 
are on the services side, whereas much part of the growth and our overall DNA has come from 
the product side. 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: You should see for a long-term, if you have to grow as an independent company, you have to be 
diversified. If you are only in product business, if you plan okay, in four years, five years, I'll 
sell the company just to be acquired by a large company, that's a different strategy than when 
you can be in one segment. But otherwise, being in one segment suddenly that segment gets into 
problem, you do not have the diversity. 
 
So, from that perspective, one side is trust services, other thing is the solution and the third 
service, the service side also we want to develop so that there is a clear focus on all the sides and 
diversity. So, if in one segment, there is some beating, then the other segment picks up and all 
that. 
 
And another thing is if you are a pure product company out of the entire IT expenditure in the 
world, there will be some Gartner report and other report, hardly 6%, 7% of the total expenditure 
is the product expenditure. A lot of things are service expenditure so that the service diversity is 
always required. So, this is one side. 
 
Then the second thing is whether we can acquire more and more product versus a services 
company, you can acquire but the acquisition of a product company is very, very costly. And 
the acquisition of product company sometime is done to kill the product because if they had a 
competitor, making both the product work is also more complex unless it is extremely 
complimentary. 
 
So given all, whereas service company acquisition much cheaper and service company will have 
much more customer base into which the product can penetrate and through which you can at a 
lower cost of acquisition, the product can also penetrate well. So this is where considering all 
these aspects, we feel that we are not ours to acquiring product company, but if any small product 
company comes at a very low valuation, then only we'll do. 
 
Otherwise, even a USD 5 million, USD 10 million product company will ask USD 100 million 
for acquisition consideration. So, which is not possible to do. So this is where we have to balance 
all the aspects of the IT and then take a call instead of only saying in one way we'll go, other 
thing will not. So, this is where that is our thinking. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Sure, sir. But at your scale, when we look at like product revenues, specifically, we are roughly 
talking about what probably USD 25 million, USD 30 million, right? So, at that scale, do you 
think some of these parameters or considerations are relevant? Don't we have a runway to be 
USD 100 million, USD 150 million first before thinking about diversification around services 
and growth trajectory? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Even at USD 25 million, USD 30 million, it is relevant because a lot of pure product company 
even do not come to USD 25 million. At USD 8 million, USD 10 million itself, it can get into 
problems. So always this consideration of balancing everything and reducing the risk and the 
balanced way of looking at things is very essential. And this kind of service company will give 
more customer base for us to penetrate. 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
And just on this TWO95, it looks like so far an USD 8 million revenues, if you have only 60 
employees, the overall revenue per employee seems to be significantly higher, it's like USD 
130,000, which is effectively like a consulting. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: American employee, it will be higher, higher only. Any American employee. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
But you have a blended listing, right? They have offshore plus on-site. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Offshore is really like some 7-8 people. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Srinath V from Bellwether Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Srinath V: 
So, I wanted to understand sir, this SAP client base of the company, is it largely in 
implementation or maintenance? And how would our no-paper transformation business fit into 
their SAP line? Is it that their existing client base are with say, DocuSign or something like that, 
and we would look to replace? Or in the process of implementation itself, they are a for-paper 
business that we look to replace? I want to understand the SAP connection to our product suite, 
sir. Thank you. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: What we are doing in the US is we are not going with a replacement strategy because replacing 
is very difficult. Because everywhere, almost 95% market is taken by DocuSign and some 
percentage are 80%-85% and some 10% is taken by Adobe. All other vendors are 5%. But one 
thing is everybody wants to keep some alternate vendors so if at all any problem happens to the 
with one vendor they can route the transactions to other vendors. So these kind of things are 
there. So, this is where we are focusing.  
 
We are focusing and saying we are a cheaper alternative but don't shift everything to us but you 
keep our API and connection everything ready so that some volume you can route and keep on 
testing so that if suddenly some problem happens to DocuSign you can also use our platform. 
So, this is where we are doing and this strategy is reasonably successful. And for the volume we 
are expecting the strategy itself is okay. 
 
So, this is what we have done. We are not because complete replacement of DocuSign, if you 
go then easily it may not be possible to get it done and they may ask what reputation we have in 
the US, how many customers we have, what is our revenue, so many questions, which will be 
difficult. So, this is the strategy with which we went into comms, same strategy we are going 
with these several other four, five other customers also. 
Srinath V: 
Got it. And just on the SAP business of theirs, how does that synergize with us meaning are they 
doing SAP maintenance or are they doing implementation and at which stage will we come in? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: In SAP, some of the modules, we are directly connected. So directly from SAP itself any 
customer can invoke emSigner and then they can use the emSigner and all that. So that kind of 
integration, we have built with the SAP and we are also one of the recognized partners of SAP 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
like DocuSign but not at the level of DocuSign but at a lower level of partnership because I think 
some investment SAP has on the DocuSign, so their partnership is at a higher level but our 
partnership is at a lower level but we are also a recognized partner. So that's where the SAP 
customers can easily use the emSigner. If necessary, Kaushik can explain to you more in 
technical detail.  
Srinath V: 
No problem, sir. Thank you, sir. I'll get back into the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Venkataraman for closing comments. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes. I want to thank all of you for taking interest and attending the conference and then putting 
valuable questions. It's really interesting and I hope we have clarified all the questions and later 
on if any of you have questions also we can handle the questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of eMudhra Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

 
 
eMudhra Limited 
 
 
July 03, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of eMudhra Limited  
 
 
For further information, please contact:  
Churchgate Partners  
Rohit Valecha / Anvita Raghuram  
 
eMudhra@churchgatepartners.com  
Contact: +91 22 6169 5988 
 
 
