    
 
REGD. & CORP. OFFICE : 38 KM STONE, DELHI-JAIPUR HIGHWAY, GURUGRAM - 122001, HARYANA (INDIA)  
EMAIL : rico@ricoauto.in   WEBSITE : www.ricoauto.in  TEL. : +91 124 2824000  FAX : +91 124 2824200   
CIN : L34300HR1983PLC023187 
 
 
RAIL:SEC:2024 
 
 
 
                                                August 23, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code - 520008
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
5th Floor, Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code - RICOAUTO 
 
 
Sub :  Transcript of Conference Call held on 20th August, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Conference Call held on 20th August, 
2024 with the Investors. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
 
B.M. Jhamb 
Company Secretary 
FCS : 2446 
 
Encl :  As above 
 
BRIJ MOHAN 
JHAMB
Digitally signed by 
BRIJ MOHAN JHAMB 
Date: 2024.08.23 
15:58:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Rico Auto Industries Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
August 20, 2024 
 
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND KAPUR – CHAIRMAN, CEO AND MD  
 
MR. KAUSHALENDRA VERMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MR. R.K. MIGLANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
MR. RAKESH SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. B.M. JHAMB – COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. HAZEL RATHOD – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rico Auto Industries Q1 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Hazel Rathod from S-Ancial Technologies. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Hazel Rathod: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Rico 
Auto Industries Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management, 
we have with us Mr. Arvind Kapur, Chairman, CEO and MD; Mr. 
Kaushalendra Verma, Executive Director; Mr. R.K. Miglani, Executive 
Director; Mr. Rakesh Sharma, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. B.M. Jhamb, 
Company Secretary. 
 
I now request Mr. Arvind Kapur to take us through the key opening remarks, 
after which we can open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank 
you, and over to you, Sir. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Good evening. My name is Arvind Kapur and I welcome you all to the earnings 
call. The Indian economy fortunately is doing well, and the monsoons have 
been very good, and they have been more than normal and so we are happy 
about that. And we do see a traction in the rural markets as far as -- because of 
the monsoons. And we see a better pull of the 2-wheelers in the rural market, 
which is very good for us. And we also see that growth coming from our 2-
wheeler customers. 
 
The GDP has grown by 8.2% in the first quarter, which has been very good. 
And the unfortunate part is the geopolitical things which are happening around 
us, especially Bangladesh. At the moment, there is no direct impact on our 
company and/or in the auto industry. There are one or two Indian companies 
that have OEMs who have plants there, and who assemble vehicles there. We 
are still awaiting what could happen in that in the current circumstances. 
 
If we look at the global geopolitical what is happening, we have been impacted 
by what is happening in the Middle East and what is happening in Europe. In 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
the Middle East, that has impacted our freight rates, mainly for exports to 
Europe as well as the U.S. and the time that it takes for our shippers to reach 
U.S. and Europe, that has also gone up drastically. 
 
And if you look at the other impact we see in Europe is that the demand for the 
electric vehicles has really come down. What we have been told by our 
customers in Europe is that the demand will grow by almost 10% in this current 
year, but we have seen a 30% drop in the demand. So there's actually a 40% 
impact that has come in the electric vehicles in Europe. 
 
That is partly because of the prices; and number two, the dependability on 
electric vehicles when it comes to extreme weather. In the U.S. this time there 
were extreme weather in Chicago and other places, the charging stations and 
others did not work. And the mileage that was promised by the OEMs, they 
were nowhere near that. 
 
In fact, if the mileage offered was 400 kilometers, people barely got 100 or 120 
kilometers for the full charging that had been done. So that led to a lot of 
disappointment, and then many customers are shifting from the electric vehicle 
to either hybrid and/or ICE engines. 
 
In India, our inflation has come down to 3.54%, which is very good, this is 
better than the RBI targets. And we are hoping that we will remain below this. 
And what we see is that like I mentioned earlier, the rural market is improving. 
And so we see the sales of Hero and Bajaj and TVS their sales in the rural area 
have gone up and there is more pull from the customers. 
 
From Hero and from others, we have also managed to get orders for newer 
components besides increasing our share of the current components. From 
Maruti also, we've gained more orders. We've tried to cover up the losses that 
we incurred in our exports by covering up in the domestic market and we are 
working still further on it. 
 
The exports this year would be -- last year we have crossed about INR500 
crores. That's the maximum export we've done per year. And this year, we 
would be less than that. We would be around INR475 crores to INR480 crores, 
but that's partly because some of the older models, which were running for last 
10 to 15 years in the electric vehicles and -- 10 years in the electric vehicles 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
and in the ICE engine about 12 years, those have -- their life is over and the 
demand came down, but we have got the orders for the newer components. 
 
So this year, we will be about INR480 crores, and next year the orders in hand 
and the commitments that are there from our customers and the preparation 
that we are doing is for almost INR600 crores. But having said that, we are 
monitoring the situation in Europe as far as the Ukraine war is concerned, if it 
is remains limited to that extent, it would be okay. But if it expands, then of 
course, it would be a big challenge for the total industry. 
 
And in the Middle East also, we are hoping that there would be some sort of 
an agreement between Israel and the Palestine and there would be less tension 
there. And if the war expands, then, of course, these figures could change. But 
at the moment, we have the orders in hand, we have got advances. We are 
preparing for exports of INR600 crores next year, and that will be the highest 
exports we would have ever done. 
 
The other good thing that is happening in India is that the acceptability of the 
hybrid vehicles. And as you know, your company was the first company to 
make the hybrid components for Toyota and Toyota and Maruti Suzuki are 
expanding. 
 
UP government has given some discounts on the hybrid vehicles and -- for the 
sale of hybrid vehicles in UP. And we are hoping that other states will also do 
the same even though there's a major opposition from the other OEMs, 
especially the ones who do not have technology for hybrid vehicles, that's Tata 
giant and Mahindra giants and they are obviously opposing it. 
 
But we are hoping that the traction there's a big demand for hybrid vehicle, 
there's a big waiting for hybrid vehicles. And we are hoping that the future 
would be in the direction of hybrid vehicles, and that would go in our favor. 
 
For that, we did make an announcement in the last meeting that we had bought 
land in Hosur, close to Bangalore. So closer to our customers, located either in 
the Hosur area and/or in Bangalore, that's Toyota and AISIN and other people 
who are there. So we've set up the plant there. 
 
And on the balance sheet side, I would like to tell you that the profits have 
come down. The EBITDA came down primarily because the raw material 
prices have gone up, aluminum prices went up by almost INR20 to INR30 a 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
kg. And in some cases, special aluminum went up even more. So there is a lag 
of around about INR9 crores, which we will get covered up in this particular 
quarter. 
 
And so that is one. And again, there's one -- another figure of retrenchment 
compensation on the workers in Dharuhera plant, there were 49 or 50 workers 
who were left there and we were unable to use that land and building, which is 
there at Dharuhera. There was no manufacturing going on there. 
 
And we thought that it would be better that we utilize the space for 
manufacturing rather than just keep it empty. So we have settled with these 
workers and now everything is over there. This figure will not be repeated ever 
again. And we are going to use that facility at Dharuhera for expansion of our 
RFL, where we make the oil pumps and water pumps and also we'll further 
enhance the capacity of the pump making in that area. Those are my opening 
remarks and I'm open for questioning. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Sanjeev Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, first thing I want to know is regarding the facilities that now we have 
opened for manufacturing of components for Toyota. For that plant and 
machinery, how much capacity it is running now and how much revenue it has 
generated in the last quarter or is likely to generate in this quarter? Kindly 
reply, sir? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes, just a minute. What we are manufacturing in Chennai for Toyota, that is 
the first facility we have set up. Okay, that facility was primarily for Renault 
Nissan and then we expanded the facility there for Toyota. And there, at the 
moment the utilization is about 56% -- between -- it varies between 56% and 
58%. There were some models to be introduced by Toyota which they 
postponed to January and April next year. And once those come in, then, of 
course, the utilization will be around 80% in the Chennai plant. 
 
But the further capacity that we are talking about Hosur, that is also for Toyota 
and for their ancillaries, which is Aisin and the others, and that plant primarily 
would be for the Toyota. And there the orders that have been received is 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
already to the tune of about INR350 crores and that we would be manufacturing 
partly in Chennai and mainly in Hosur. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. Sir, if I rightly heard INR350 crores, kindly confirm because the voice 
was breaking? 
Arvind Kapur: 
So the Hosur facility, the new orders which have received are for INR350 
crores. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay, sir. And what will be the execution period? Is it for 1 year or quarterly 
basis or how it is going to be? 
Arvind Kapur: 
In 2026 we start the production in Hosur and the peak value would come in 3 
years from the date of start. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, one more question. We have also mentioned that we are 
going to manufacture a lot of parts for electrical vehicle as well. So is it for 2-
wheeler, 3-wheeler and 4-wheeler also? That is my first question. And second 
question, how much turnover we derived in last quarter from electrical vehicles 
part and what we are going to get from this quarter onwards? 
Arvind Kapur: 
So, we are primarily supplying parts for electric vehicles, primarily to BMW 
and we were supplying to Stellantis that is PSA and also to Renault Nissan. 
Renault Nissan is the smallest and we also have orders from the Tata’s for the 
electric vehicles. And the turnover has actually come down,I'm talking about 
pure electric. But if you look at the hybrids it has gone up. And we regard 
hybrids and electric in the same category, we call it as electrification. 
 
But this year the exports to BMW and Stellantis has come down by almost 
30%. Whereas the anticipation was there would be a growth of 10% this year. 
And this is primarily because of the preference of customers in Europe for more 
dependable vehicles which are the hybrid vehicles. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Are the parts same for electrical as well as for fossil fuel engine-driven vehicles 
or they are different? 
Arvind Kapur: 
See, the part is designed specifically for a vehicle, but the equipment that we 
use is exactly the same. The equipment that we use for die casting or machining 
or for testing or assembly or whatever is totally fungible. We shift the machines 
from one end to the other end depending on the volume that we get from 
customers. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much and all the best for the current quarter and 
future quarters. As you have mentioned that now you have revised prices 
upward from last quarter, so recovery of cost will be there. So I think here 
onwards, our margins will improve. Am I right, sir, my understanding? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. See, we've not revised the prices. The prices automatically get revised 
every quarter. So there's a lag of the pricing as far as the aluminum part is 
concerned. And so the last quarter prices we get for this quarter quantity 
supply, so that is what happens. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. So there is some cost-plus basis arrangement with the OEMs? Is it like 
that? 
Arvind Kapur: 
It is only the indexation of the raw material. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay got it, sir. Thank you very much, sir. You guided me best. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Arvind Kapur: 
This is Arvind Kapur, again. I'd like to add one more point here. Last year, the 
whole year, we picked up new orders to the tune of about INR450 crores a 
year. And in the first quarter of this year, we've picked up new orders for 
another INR458 crores in the first quarter of this year. These are the new 
orders. Some of them we would start supplying by the end of the year or the 
end of the last quarter. but most of them would come in the middle or the next 
year end onwards. So in another 2, 3 years' time there's an addition of almost 
INR805 crores per year to the manufacturing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Jain: 
Good evening sir. This is Ashish, and my question is to Mr. Arvind, sir. Sir, I 
would like to ask a question when our company is going to achieve INR5,000 
crores revenue per annum? And when our net margin -- net profit margin would 
be 5%? Are we satisfied with what we have achieved or what we have been 
achieving or we are looking for more? If yes, then what we are thinking about 
that, what we are planning about that? And if we know, then why we haven't 
thought about that? 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Arvind Kapur: 
We are obviously not happy with whatever we did in the last quarter. But that 
quarter if you remember, I did announce in the last quarter that the 
improvements will start happening from the second quarter onwards of this 
year. And you'll see from this running quarter onwards. 
 
As to your question of INR5,000 crores, I have the figures in front of me. The 
target is by FY 28-29, we should be in the region of about INR4,800 crores to 
INR5,000 crores, this is FY 28-29 and this is based on the orders in hand and 
the negotiations which are going on for the further orders that we are earlier 
expecting. 
 
And what we have considered is only where we have 50%-plus surety that we 
would get those orders. So we are working on that. And the margins, we have 
been making investments and our turnover this year technically we should have 
been crossing INR2,700 crores-INR2,800 crores. 
 
At INR2,700 crores- INR2,800 crores, our margins would have been around 
4% to 5% as is. But that has got delayed primarily because of some of the 
programs which got canceled and some of the programs which got delayed. 
And -- but this is the nature of our industry. Toyota delayed some of the -- 
introduction of some models. And so the investments that we have done and 
those were obviously -- of course, we keep on asking the customers for some 
compensations on whatever delays there are, which is very tough to get, but 
we keep on trying to get those. 
 
The disappointing part was the -- we were very happy that we are supplying 
these electric vehicle components to BMW and Stellantis, the disappointing 
part is that the market of electric vehicles in Europe has just come down by 
30% to 40%, partly because there are some subsidies which have come and 
partly because of the satisfaction of the customers -- the satisfaction of the final 
user of the electric vehicles. So that has been a little disappointing. 
 
So those are the capacities which are lying vacant. But fortunately for us, 
because we have flexibility in our system, we have been able to utilize those 
capacities for our domestic customers like for Maruti and for Hero, and we'll 
be using it further for the other customers as well. We do, but of course, the 
problem is that there's always a lag in taking advantage of that situation. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
So INR4,800 crores to INR5,000 crores for FY 28-29 that's what our internal 
target is. That's the figure that we've given to the Board also and that has been 
approved by the Board. So this margin, if you look at it line-wise, there is an 
improvement everywhere. Our costs are coming down. We may be able to 
curtail and control the cost. In the raw material, it is primarily because of the 
price increase, which is a lag effect which we'll get in the next quarter in any 
case. 
 
So next quarter, if the aluminum prices remain constant or if they come down, 
we get an advantage in that, but we get a better price of the raw materials. This 
is what happens. 
Ashish Jain: 
Okay. May I ask you, sir, another question? Am I audible? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes, please carry on. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, I consider you -- sir, you are one of the greatest in this industry and you 
are the veteran of this industry. What you are seeing in the future, sir, of this 
industry? Like I want Rico in top 3 of the nation. And what do you think about 
this? Can we take Rico in top 3 in the next 5 years? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Top 3 in what? The type of components we produce, certainly, we would be 
amongst the top as far as the variety of components or the type of components 
that we specialize in, and we are expanding our R&D capabilities and also our 
improvement in manufacturing and improvement of profitability in those 
particular type of components. 
 
So as far as aluminum part is concerned, we are probably the largest in India 
for die casting and machining. And the orders that we are getting are all, they 
are not in the 12%, 13% range of EBITDA, they are in the range of 18% to 
20%. That's what we are targeting. And so we have been a little slow in getting 
the orders, but now there is aggression. There's China Plus One also happening, 
and we are taking advantage of that, and that's how we are -- we have been able 
to get this INR450 crores orders in the first quarter this year. And we are hoping 
to pick up another INR400 crores of orders before the end of the year. 
 
So we are talking of almost INR900 crores per year turnover orders that we'll 
pick up for the domestic as well as the export market this year itself. This will 
be the highest that we would have ever got confirmation for, for the new order. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
So we are working on it, and we are working on all quality products and also 
with customers which are the best. 
 
We had talked about companies like BMW, Knorr-Bremse, Cummins, 
Mercedes-Benz, we are talking about all these big players as far as exports are 
concerned. In the domestic market, we are expanding our capacity with the 
Maruti and Hero and Toyota. Toyota is going to be a very, very important 
customer and probably the largest customer in years to come. 
 
And Renault Nissan has really let us down. We set up the Chennai plant only 
for Renault. Their sales seem to be dwindling and they keep on promising that 
this don't happen every quarter. But -- so what we have done is, we have started 
shifting -- we have shifted and we have started shifting further some of the 
components from their lines to the other line. 
 
But unfortunately, there are some large capacity machines, which are lying 
vacant, and those also will fill up. We are looking for newer orders for those. 
And those are probably going to be in allied lines and of different lines that we 
are looking at. Ashish, are you -- is it okay? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Mr. Ashish has been disconnected. We will move on to the next 
question, it's from the line of Akshay Sharma. 
Akshay Sharma: 
Would you like to help me know the update on the defence segment? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes. Okay. At the moment, we have orders for the Ranges, I think I've 
mentioned this last time also. And I think this quarter onwards, the shipments 
are taking place, and I think INR35 crores to INR40 crores worth of goods will 
be dispatched in this quarter itself. And then there'll be further -- every quarter, 
you see some change happening on those. And these are for the Navy as well 
as for the Air Force and also we're getting newer orders from the other forces 
as well. So we're working on those fronts, and we see the traction taking place 
now. 
Akshay Sharma: 
Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Sharma, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Neha Sharma: 
 In the start so one just small question. So in the Defence segment, the quarter 
seemed quite stagnant. So can you throw some light on the same? 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Arvind Kapur: 
This quarter, we'll be dispatching. These are defence when it's ready for 
inspection and this and that, it takes a month or two. So all that is happening. 
So anyway, things are lying ready and under inspection, and we would be 
dispatching them immediately. You have to take the average -- you might not 
be able to take the turnover month wise or even quarter wise because overlap 
will go to the next quarter. 
Neha Sharma: 
Okay. And sir, one more question. How do you see it going ahead 2, 3 quarters 
down the line? 
Arvind Kapur: 
You're talking of defence or you're talking of in general? 
Neha Sharma: 
Yes. For the defence segment. 
Arvind Kapur: 
This year, we had initially said that we'll be doing about close to about INR50-
INR60 crores this year, but I think we'll cross that and next year would be even 
higher. Next year would be, I think, double that. So we're looking at the defence 
is looking up now, shaping up now. It's a mindset change of the defence 
authorities, placing the orders with the domestic industry and accepting them. 
And so that is changing now. We see that also and they are looking for Make 
in India products now. 
Neha Sharma: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, there's a question, it's from the line of Sunil Nagpal from Lotus 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Nagpal: 
My question is what would be the margins on the defence front, whatever 
production we are expecting in the next 2, 3 quarters, to start off it? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Okay. When I say defence, there is some machining component where the 
margin is under 10%, is about 9% to 10%. And then the -- we have got other 
components we are talking of, there the margin is in the region of about 15% 
to 18% to 20%, depending on what item we are supplying. And so that's the 
range that we are working on. And as the volume picks up, the margins also 
will get further fine-tuned. 
Sunil Nagpal: 
So on an average, can we assume 15% across all the defence products? 
Arvind Kapur: 
Yes, it will be -- yes, 15%+. 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Sunil Nagpal: 
Average, yes. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. There are no further questions. I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Arvind Kapur: 
So in closing, I'd like to say that this particular quarter has been a little 
disappointing. And -- but we had mentioned in the last quarter conference call 
that we will see the improvement coming from the second quarter onwards. In 
the second quarter, we expect the sales to go up by further this quarter, we went 
up by 5%, but next quarter, we expect another about 7%, 8% increase and the 
quarter after that, we expect another 7%, 8%; the last quarter, the increase is 
almost 20%. 
 
And this is as per the current manufacturing schedule that we have from the 
customers. Further on this by getting the largest share of the business and also 
newer component, which can be started immediately, both with Maruti and 
Hero, and with Bajaj, which are the fastest to start with. 
 
For the exports, it is almost a 6 months to 1 year cycle before the components 
actually come into production from when we get the order to the first supplies. 
And -- but for the domestic market, some of the customers, we are able to push 
some of the components. We are very happy that last year, the -- I'm repeating 
it. 
 
Last year, the total orders we received were INR450 crores per year to be 
supplied, and this year, in the first quarter, we've been able to manage INR458 
crores, and we are hoping for another around the same amount, INR450 crores 
to INR500 crores to be added further to this. So this is probably the highest 
number of orders that we would have picked up. 
 
Now when I say order means confirmed, picked up and this -- in case dies and 
other equipment are required, advances are given to us. And the deliveries for 
it would start, in some cases, starting in the first -- in the last quarter of this 
year, but most of them would start in the middle of next year and the year after 
that. 
 
So we have orders for FY 25-26, we have orders for FY 26-27, where the 
production deliveries actually start on them. We are very happy that these 
orders have come in, and these are all good margin orders and they are new 

 
Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
August 20, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
orders and the -- and for high-technology stuff. For exports, this year, we'll be 
touching about INR475 crores, INR480 crores. 
 
But next year, the orders that we have in hand and the deliveries that we are 
required to give, we will be crossing INR600 crores next year. And that would 
be a substantial jump for the exports. We will very much cover up for the losses 
in the components like PSA and others where the drop has been drastic. And 
let's hope the market improves and let's hope things calm down in Europe and 
the electric vehicle market again picks up. 
 
And we have bid for many electric vehicle components for BMW and others 
as well. And we are getting orders for those as well. But the thing is, are they 
going to pick up the quantity that they are promising today, that is one big 
question that is coming to our mind. So we are being a little cautious when it 
comes to investment as far as the electric vehicles are concerned. 
 
But on the hybrid, we are very excited about those and very excited about the 
confidence and faith that Toyota is reposing on us over the Japanese companies 
which are in India. And we won these orders in competition with Japanese 
suppliers. And we are all very excited about it and are very happy about the 
confidence of Toyota on us. And that's all but let me tell you that this current 
quarter will be better and the quarters that you will see from now onwards will 
be even better. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Rico Auto Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
