 
 
 
 
 
Date: August 20, 2024 
 
Scrip Code – 535789, 890192 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
SAMMAANCAP/EQ, SCLPP 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended – transcript of conference call – financial results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
We refer to our intimation dated August 13, 2024, informing that the Company has uploaded the audio recording 
of the conference call hosted by it on August 13, 2024 to discuss the financial results of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2024, on its website.  
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second 
Amendment) Regulations, 2021 notified by SEBI on May 5, 2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the said 
conference call. The said transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company.  
 
Please take the aforesaid intimation on record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Sammaan Capital Limited  
(formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Amit Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
CC:  
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, Singapore (“SGX”) 
India International Exchange IFSC Limited (“India INX”) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited (formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) (CIN: L65922DL2005PLC136029)  
Corp. Off. Plot No. 422B, Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV, Gurugram, Haryana-122016. T. +91 124 668 1212 F. +91 124 668 1111 
Reg. Off. 5th Floor, Building No.27, KG Marg, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001. T. +91 11 4353 2950 F. +91 11 4353 2947. 
Email. homeloans@sammaancapital.com Web. www.sammaancapital.com 
AMIT 
KUMAR JAIN
Digitally signed by AMIT 
KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2024.08.20 16:34:54 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Sammaan Capital Limited Q1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call Hosted By Investec” 
 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAGAN BANGA – VICE CHAIRMAN, MD & CEO, 
SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KAMAL SHAH – INVESTEC 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY25 Sammaan Capital Limited Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Investec. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamal from Investec. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kamal Shah: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of Sammaan 
Capital Limited to discuss the “Financial Performance” of the Company and to address your 
queries. 
We have with us, Mr. Gagan Banga – Vice Chairman, MD and CEO of Sammaan Capital 
Limited. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Gagan Banga for his “Opening 
Comments”. Over to you, sir. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you, Kamal. Very good day to all of you and welcome to the Q1 FY25 Earnings Call. 
I would request all of you to keep the Earnings Update handy. It's been e-mailed to most of you, 
is on our Website and should also be on Bloomberg. 
Before moving to the numbers, I would like to cover the key highlights for the Quarter: 
In July ‘24 earlier last month, following a detailed review process spanning over six months, the 
Reserve Bank of India issued us a fresh certificate of registration, as an NBFC-ICC, which is a 
Non-Bank Financial Company, Investment and Credit Company. With this, we are now an 
NBFC, supervised and regulated by the Reserve Bank. Since a few years now, the regulatory 
approach is on scale based regulations. As Indiabulls Housing and HFC, we were classified as 
an upper layer NBFC, which we continue to remain. So, in most ways, life does not change for 
us, particularly since over the years RBI trust has been to do away with any regulatory reporting 
or disclosure arbitrage, especially between NBFCs and housing finance companies. 
Following this conversion to NBFC-ICC, the Company's name has been changed to Sammaan 
Capital Limited. The Company shares are also now being traded under the script “Sammaan 
Cap” on the stock exchanges. Sammaan in Indian languages means respect, honor, courtesy, and 
dignity. The Company intends its brand and the meaning of the word Sammaan in the Indian 
context to emphasize and convey to its  stakeholders a customer centric approach, a sense of 
pride in buying the house or owning a business. These are the two products which are our focus 
in our retail loan product suite. We expect and hope that we are able to pass on to a customer an 
approach of a very dignified business conduct. 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
As a systemically important lender, a mortgage focused lender and a Company with a varied set 
of stakeholders including investors, regulators, bankers, rating agencies etc., the brand name 
Sammaan connotes and conveys what our business stands for and how it is run with respect to 
each of these stakeholders. This is also the 25th year of our operations. The erstwhile Indiabulls 
from which the Company originates, was incorporated in the year 2000. Our rebranding exercise 
around the new brand and our 25 years of operations is underway across various channels and 
our branches and points of presence. 
Slide #3 of the Earnings Update covers the entire rebranding outreach. I will now move on 
to the quarter’s number, would request all of you to refer to Slide #4 of our Earnings 
Update: 
The net worth of our Company as of June end stood at Rs. 20,269. As most of you would be 
aware, the final call monies were called and the window to pay up the call money opened on 8th 
of August and will close on the 22nd of August 2024. When this money is with the Company, 
the net worth would rise by a further Rs. 2,462 crores. The AUM and loan book have resumed 
growth, supported by retail disbursals. 
Net interest income has come in at Rs. 927 crores this quarter versus Rs. 562 crores quarter one 
of last year. Profit after tax for quarter one Fiscal ‘25 was Rs. 327 crores versus Rs. 296 crores 
in quarter one Fiscal ‘24. Gearing is moderate 1.9x. Our target is to maintain it between 2 to 
2.5x. Return on assets for the quarter for the overall book was 1.8% versus 1.7% in quarter one 
last year. Gross NPAs are stable at the lowest level in 16 quarters at 2.68% and net NPA is at 
1.52%. 
Now if you can, please turn to Slide #5. As I mentioned in the previous quarter’s Results Call, 
subsequent to the receipt of the new certificate of registration from the RBI, the Company will 
initiate a detailed business planning exercise, keeping in mind the feedback received from the 
RBI and various stakeholders. We have since then received the new certificate of registration 
and the feedback through the course of planning for the rights issue and in our subsequent 
meetings with the large shareholders of the Company as well as through the meetings with 
bondholders through the dollar bond issuance done by the Company in March. A variety of 
stakeholders have given us feedback cutting across various aspects of our business. Our 
shareholders have provided us with the necessary capital buffers, which in the short-term provide 
us liquidity and over the medium term very importantly a tactical tool to ensure the legacy book 
which is the book sourced in Fiscal ‘21 and prior. 
Our goal is to try and run this book down to single digit percentage of AUM level by Fiscal ‘27. 
Some of our larger shareholders have also committed support to management in the form of 
either debt or equity capital as and when required and have asked the management to focus single 
mindedly on the execution of business so as to be able to provide the mid teen ROE to the 
business by Fiscal ‘27, which is the target that we have taken upon ourselves. 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
Capital, both debt and equity capital is extremely crucial for a non-bank finance Company to 
kickstart operations, to scale them up to make sure that one can continue to invest in the retail 
franchise. And I would like to thank multiple pools of capital, both debt and equity, which have 
worked with us. Some of them have participated in our various issuances. I am sure in due course 
of time, most others would either be forming part of our lender list or our capital register. I would 
like to thank all of you and also thank our large shareholders who given this assurance to the 
Company and now the management can therefore not worry about liquidity etc. and fully focus 
on this execution and execution around the 8 milestones that we had set up in quarter 1. 
I would also like to inform all of our stakeholders is that along with quarter two Fiscal ‘25 
Results, which is the next result, we will not only reiterate our key milestones for Fiscal ‘27, 
provide you an update on these as I will shortly for quarter one and provide you an update for 
these for Quarter 2. We would also like to unveil a completely new corporate structure they have 
as part of the Board outcome gathered that we are merging six of our smaller subsidiaries. We 
have also lined up the identification process of a couple of fee based businesses. And what we 
intend to unveil for you as part of the corporate structure is how we would continue to pursue 
our retail businesses as well as complement those by a bunch of fee based businesses. And what 
the overall structure would look like in light of the feedback received both from RBI as well as 
our other stakeholders. 
We had committed that here on starting from quarter one, we would provide updates on 8 aspects 
of our business. We have identified loans which we have sold prior to Fiscal ‘22, which is up to 
Fiscal ‘21 as what we would like to call legacy AUM. The distinction between legacy AUM and 
the incremental AUM is that the incremental AUM is a very transparent book. It is a book that 
has been validated both by our credit team as well as the credit team of the purchasing bank or 
the financial institution on a case-by-case basis. 
To go back to the point of legacy book, the legacy book would be reduced to single digit 
percentage of AUM by the end of Fiscal ‘27. If we look at our track record since Fiscal ‘22 on 
the reduction of this book, this book has been reducing by an on an average Rs. 4,000 crores a 
quarter. To reduce this, we have estimated a very conservative Rs. 3,000 crores a quarter of 
collections, which we are fairly confident we should be able to achieve. 
It is a dynamic world. Regulations change every day. There is geopolitical uncertainty. There 
are certain macro headwinds. But given the fact that the Company when it sells was trying to 
establish a new business model, was able to collect very consistently across the last three 
financial years at a quarterly run rate. Now with management's full focus on only this, one is 
fairly confident that the single digit percentage of AUM by end of Fiscal ‘27 for the legacy book 
would be achieved. 
Since Fiscal ‘22, the Company has disbursed Rs. 35,195 crores, of which already Rs. 22,658 
crores of disbursals have been placed through co-lending assignment and securitization. As I 
mentioned earlier, this is a very transparent book and the book that has been validated both by 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
us and the purchasing partner on a case by case basis, including all loan application and 
documentation etc. The collections are passing through an escrow account and this is a pure and 
simple validation of the scale that we have already achieved in our asset-light model. The goal 
by Fiscal ‘27 is to make sure that this book grows to at least Rs. 1 trillion. 
Our incremental AUM, so we disbursed Rs. 35,195 crores, of which there has been run down. 
So, our incremental AUM stands at Rs. 29,180 crores, of which Rs. 22,000 crores have been 
sold down. We have per run rate in terms of manpower distribution capacity to steadily ramp up 
disbursals and thus up the target of Rs. 1,00,000 crore or Rs. 1 trillion of retail AUM by Fiscal 
‘27. We can get there only by consistent disbursals. Our quarterly disbursal as of quarter one 
stood at Rs. 3,115 crores and we shall be trying to ramp this up to Rs. 5,000 crores by the end of 
the current fiscal year, which is quarter 4 Fiscal ‘25, we will be targeting a quarterly run rate of 
Rs. 5,000 crores and if we keep growing that on a normal basis, that should add up to a lakh 
crore of retail AUM by Fiscal ‘27. 
On all of our other target parameters such as incremental ROA, cost to income ratio and net NPA 
ratio, we have provided a clear glide path as well as an update on the incremental number that 
we are achieving already and thus we are firmly on track to achieve our target for Fiscal ‘27. 
Slide #6 contains an update on the asset-light disbursals for quarter one Fiscal ‘25. 
Under the asset-light model, we disbursed Rs. 2,058 crores which is we did transactions of about 
Rs. 2,058 crores. Presently, the Company has nine partnerships. We have inked in other 
partnership in quarter one and gotten a letter of approval in quarter two from another public 
sector bank. By the end of this quarter, we should be at about 10 functional partnerships. We 
also do sell down transactions with 16 banks and financial institutions. So, in total, we'll have 
close to about 26 partners with whom we are doing business. 
Moving on to the ALM and the Liabilities part: 
The most important point of the liabilities part is the kind of diversity that we have been able to 
achieve in our incremental source of funds. If you refer to Slide #16, you would notice that we 
have since April ‘23, which is the last five quarters raised close to about Rs. 24,000 crores, of 
which we start practically, each and every source of capital available to us. We have raised equity 
of about Rs. 3,700 crores. We have done term borrowings from banks of nearly Rs. 5,000 crores. 
We have raised about Rs. 834 crores through retail issuance. We placed bonds on a private 
placement basis of nearly Rs. 3,000 crores. And co-lending has been going on at almost Rs. 
1,000 crores a month and we have now reached Rs. 11,617 crores. 
Aside of the asset-light model, the other big achievement for the Company is the fact that we 
have created a pool of retail and high net worth bondholders who are currently contributing as 
much as Rs. 3,000 crores to our resource pool, which is close to about Rs. 1,000 crores per year 
and we have now close to about 45,000 investors who are holding our bond. This is aside of the 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
asset-light structure, a real franchise, very long-term durable debt capital, which the Company 
is sourcing on a regular basis. 
Coming back to the point of ALM: 
At the end of June ‘24 on balance sheet, we carried liquidity of approximately Rs. 7,600 crores. 
As we have been detailing our ALM, our detailed 10-year ALM is on Slide #18 to 22. At the 
end of the first year, we have a net surplus of Rs. 9,785 crores. As the Company is now converted 
into an NBFC, Sammaan Capital is required to maintain a liquidity coverage ratio of 85%. 
Against this our LCR, which is strictly high-quality liquid assets as of June ‘24 stood at 211%. 
As defined by the Reserve Bank, even bank’s fixed deposits that we keep, which would be 
included in our actual liquidity are excluded from high quality liquid assets. We manage our 
ALM proactively and towards this the Company has been historically, voluntarily creating pre-
funded pools of monies to meet the upcoming redemption of FCCBs in September 24. Since 
February of 24, the Company has been setting aside 25% of the payable monies every quarter. 
This is now built up to 75% of the maturity proceeds. And these will be duly paid on whenever 
the put option is maturing. 
So, far, if we look at the last 10 years, the Company from overseas investors over 215 overseas 
investors have borrowed $3.84 billion, of which it has already repaid $3.25 billion. In the last 
six years, it has repaid $2.15 billion. And I assume as our ratings improve with this kind of a 
track record, overseas borrowings would continue to be a large pool of capital and periodically 
it would also tend towards becoming a viable pool of capital. 
Referring to Slide #9 of the earnings update on Asset Quality: 
As at the end of June ‘24, our gross NPA stood at Rs. 1,782 crores translating to 2.68%, net NPA 
is at 1.52%. NPAs are at a stable level of 16 quarters. As we have been sharing, the Company 
carries imputed provisions of 11.6% of the loan book. The freshly raised capital further provides 
Company with tactical capital and all of these provisions and this tactical capital would be 
deployed over the next 8 to 12 quarters to make sure that by Fiscal ‘27 we actually do run down 
in the most profitable organic and systematic manner, the legacy AUM to become an 
insignificant portion of the overall AUM. Having come through this six-month detailed review 
process, before we were granted the fresh certificate of registration and keeping in mind the 
current regulatory environment, we are not only is one classified as an upper layer, non-bank 
finance Company, but what one is witnessing that the regulator is expecting regulated entities to 
keep compliance, risk management, liquidity management, etc. at the center of the Company. 
I would like to reiterate our key areas of focus: 
The Company would continue to imbibe and deeply imbibe a culture of compliance and risk 
management. The business plan that we are evolving and building on since Fiscal ‘22 and I hope 
that now with all strategic steps being behind us, the business plan would be keeping in mind 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
compliance and risk management at the core, while ensuring that it remains asset-light, the 
capital requirements are as less as possible, and the fee income generation is as diverse as 
possible. The Company would continue to focus on a very benign sort of an ALM and our entire 
borrowing plan is working towards ensuring that in no months do we borrow more than a few 
100 crores such that three or five or seven years later in that particular month, there is no stress. 
Lastly, in order to remain competitive, as well as to further the cause of compliance and risk 
management, we are making heavy investments in technology. We have also just onboarded an 
advisor who is part of the RBI's core group towards IT innovation. Along with him, our 
technology team and our Board subcommittee are emphasizing on upgradation of our technology 
backbone, making sure that our various risk management modules are as good as they get. And 
from our customer perspective, both our relationship management and as well as the user 
interface on our app etc. is world class. 
We will continue to give you regular updates on this front as well. That was the update for the 
quarter. We are now open for questions and thank you all for your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
I just wanted to clarify a couple of points. One is on your NPA numbers, may I know what the 
difference is between what's declared on the financial statement that the NPA is about 3.4% 
gross and 2% net versus the presentation that's at 2.7% gross and 1.5% net? 
Gagan Banga: 
Abhiram firstly, thanks to Deutsche Bank for supporting us continuously. The difference could 
be coming from that we report NPA as a percentage of AUM for us that is very strategically 
important to make sure that on an overall AUM basis, the NPA is maintained. I have shared in 
the past with various stakeholders that are moat as far as this business is concerned is the credit 
quality of our AUM. And therefore we invest lots of reams of paper of the earning update as 
well on just demonstrating the quality of the overall AUM. So, one difference could be that 
either it could be coming from the fact that we declare both standalone and consolidated 
numbers. And in the earnings deck, we report NPA as a percentage of AUM whereas the 
Earnings Results filed with the stock exchanges are more statutory in nature and I believe they 
would be following a protocol of own book or balance sheet or something like that. So, I am 
sure my Investor Relations team can clarify that to you if it still requires clarification. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Thank you for that. The second question is on your current incremental funding costs. Can you 
just enquire what if you say go to the loan market or the retail market at the moment, what would 
you see your current incremental cost of warranty? And what does that stand versus last quarter? 
Gagan Banga: 
So, again, I will go big picture down to specifics. We are strong believers of the fact that 
ultimately cost of capital can only be achieved and brought to competitive levels if there is a free 
flow of capital. As a Company on the asset side, the strategy that one can follow is either we 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
become yield hunters because we are running a certain cost of capital or we continue to do prime 
loans that we do with higher yield loans as the exception and not the rule. So, when we look at 
our cost of capital, given our asset-light structure, we have to look at two different aspects. One 
is what is the cost of capital which is coming to fund the 80% of what we are funding, that 
number today would be in the handle of 8.5%. And then there is the cost of capital for the residual 
20% that we are funding and holding on our balance sheet. For the balance sheet borrowings, 
we would be borrowing at about 9.5% today. Between last quarter and this quarter, there has 
been an insignificant inch up or down. My sense is from the transformation to an NBFC to the 
name change and all of that, one is clearly witnessing post the capital raise, the flow of debt 
capital has become a lot more abundant, a lot more free. The quantum of debt capital on a daily 
basis that we are being able to raise is increasing by the passing day. So, it's a very comforting 
situation in that sense. We are not going and over borrowing in any particular month. We are 
very mindful of the ALM, so keeping all of that in mind, I would imagine that the cost of fund 
material decline that you will see would start emanating in 6 to 12 months from now. At this 
point in time, we are more focused on the quality of capital. I mentioned that we have raised Rs. 
23,000 odd crores from a diverse set of lenders. That's more the focus of the Company that the 
borrowing mix should be as diverse, it should be coming from more and more lenders versus 
being skewed towards one lender type or one lender in specific. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Perfect. And just one last follow-up question. As you mentioned your quality of capital and the 
fact that the call monies will be called and expected by the end of this month, you are expecting 
basically the full amount to be garnered right with the investor base fully in sync with as you 
mentioned during the call with your growth plans for this year? 
Gagan Banga: 
Yeah. So, I am pretty confident, very supremely confident that by the 22nd of August, the call 
window is 8th August to 22nd of August. By the 22nd of August, the money should be in the 
escrow account. And then there is a process which bankers have to follow. So, following that 
process, it will take another whatever week or so for us to get the monies in our account that's 
all procedural. This in my mind is already accomplished, it's already done. What one is now 
working towards is seeing the commitments through which have been made to the wider set of 
stakeholders, including the larger shareholders, the smaller investors through these calls, we take 
on targets on these calls. We take on these targets with the right earnest. It's a dynamic world. 
The macro keeps changing, the micro keeps changing. The risk framework keeps changing. The 
endeavour of management is to take on the targets and to keep it very objective. We have set 
these 8 milestones. We are not worrying about capital anymore. We are just concerned about 
how efficiently and quickly can we get and achieve those eight milestones and the goals that we 
have set for Fiscal ‘27 and make it as organic as possible by achieving something and making 
progress on every aspect every quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shekhar Singh from Excelsyor 
Advisor. Please go ahead. 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Shekhar Singh: 
Sir, just wanted to understand the statistical rundown of legacy book which is mentioned in the 
presentation multiple times. What exactly does it mean and what is the quantum of this hit that 
can come in? 
Gagan Banga: 
Why do you assume of a hit? Tactical rundown means a rundown which is organic, which is 
well prepared for, we do it in a planned manner. We do it leveraging our provisions. We do it 
leveraging our capital. And if there are any provisions like we have demonstrated in the past, 
that even if we classify loans as NPAs or do technical write-offs, we recover those monies, so 
we have to do it in a time bound, organic, efficient manner and make sure that we are free from 
the legacy and we are able to focus and build on the Rs. 1,00,000 crore. So, I don't think anyone 
needs to worry about given the track record of the Company on recoveries on how we will be 
able to run down the book. Remember this team has from a book of Rs. 1,20,000 crores which 
was there as of September 2018, from that book already collected a Rs. 1,50,000 crores of 
principal and interest and use that to repay Rs. 90,000 crores to lenders. So, we know how to 
collect, we will continue to collect. We also have set a goal and whatever it takes to achieve that 
goal, we will achieve that goal. Whatever is the planning that needs to be done in terms of 
achieving that goal. As I've already said, we will present to you a detailed plan next quarter as 
to how quarter-on-quarter are we going about achieving that, keeping in mind that we also are a 
regulated entity, we have lenders to who have covenants as well as rating agencies who evaluate 
us on various capital ratios. 
Shekhar Singh: 
And secondly, sir, any indication on what the dividend can be in the years to come or the 
dividend policy of the Company? 
Gagan Banga: 
The long-term dividend policy of the Company would be to keep dividends between 30% and 
40% of profits. We have to use our capital and our earning tactically. We have said that the 8 
milestones that we have laid out are what we are going to be focusing on achieving. If we are 
well on the way and quarter-on-quarter we are achieving those targets. Historically, the 
Company has taken a lot of pride in declaring dividends. We will happily declare 30% to 40% 
of our profits as dividends. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Abhiram Iyer, Deutsche Bank. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Just one thing on your AUM mix, obviously the commercial real estate loans has come down to 
about 29% of the book. May I know the split of the 29 is between project construction finance 
and your lease rental discounting? 
Gagan Banga: 
No commercial real estate will be a combination of construction finance, lease rent discounting, 
loan against property loan and everything. So, whatever is not home bank could be here. So, 
don't take it as that. That's the technical definition of what CRE is. Please, if you read yesterday's 
circular of RBI also, they further segregate CRE as CRE resi and CRE others. So, don't go by 
that. I would suggest that all stakeholders and we will also change this chart from next quarter 

 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
should focus on legacy book, which is all kinds of assets, home loans, loans against properties, 
commercial real estate loans etc. All kinds of assets which were there pre-Fiscal ‘22 and post of 
Fiscal ‘22, we have been following the asset-light model structure. So, it's that this is what you 
guys and everybody else and this is how we are also internally working there is one team which 
is working on run down and another which is working on scaling up the asset-light model. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Got it, Sir. So, hopefully you get that breakup next time on, but can we get it now if I ask what 
should..? 
Gagan Banga: 
You can get in touch with Ramnath and he will provide you with this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narayan Dwivedi, Stock Insider. Please go 
ahead. 
Narayan Dwivedi: 
My question on asset-light model. Sir, if we can lend the customer by ourselves, so why we are 
choosing co-lending and what strategic benefits it gives us to co-lend? 
Gagan Banga: 
The big strategic benefit is that you are outsourcing your ALM. You don't take on the borrowing 
on your balance sheet. As and when the customer pays, you pay back the bank or the partner. It 
is not this that ever a situation can come that the customer for any reason is not paying. But the 
debt obligation of repayment is on you and therefore your entire business gets disrupted in that 
sort of a situation. The second big advantage is that the cost of funds of the 80% which are bank 
finances, is a lot lower than the cost at which it would be willing to lend to an NBFC directly. 
Given this, the blended yield becomes much lower and we are able to lend to a far more primer 
customer, a far more, let's say higher on the credit Bureau score versus somebody who we could 
have lent, if we were lending solely from our balance sheet. So, given both the contribution of a 
very high-quality asset, as well as no ALM risk and therefore a very high-quality liability, co-
lending is by far the most durable structure and it's a structure which is in line with how the 
western world also finances mortgages where the originator and the warehouse are different. I 
hope I've answered your question. I will take just one last question and then you can always send 
us an e-mail or something. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With that, we have come to the close of the call. You can write in to the 
Company if you have any further question. With that, I would like to hand over the call to the 
management for closing comments. 
Gagan Banga: 
So, thank you so much. Thank you for your support through the multiple rounds of capital raise 
and welcome to Sammaan Capital. Look forward to speaking with you all of you again at the 
end of Quarter 2, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Investec, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
