 
 
Allied Blenders and Distillers Limited 
(Formerly known as Allied Blenders and Distillers Private Limited) 
Ashford Centre, 3rd and 4th floor, Shankarrao Naram Marg, Lower Parel (W), Mumbai – 400013. T.: +91 22 4300 1111 Email : info@abdindia.com 
Registered Office: 394/C, Ground Floor, Lamington Chambers, Lamington Road, Mumbai – 400004, India. T.: +91-22 6777 9777. F.: + 91-22 67779725 
www.abdindia.com CIN No: L15511MH2008PLC187368 
 
July 30, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code (BSE): 544203 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
Symbol: ABDL 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Company Overview and FY24 Results Conference Call held on July 23, 2024 - 
Disclosure under Regulation 46(2) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing Regulations 2015”) 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcripts of the Company Overview 
and FY24 Results Conference Call conducted on July 23, 2024.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on https://www.abdindia.com/  
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Allied Blenders and Distillers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ritesh Shah 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. ACS 14037 
 
RITESH 
RAMNIKLAL 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
RITESH 
RAMNIKLAL SHAH

 
Allied Blenders and Distillers Limited 
Company Overview and FY24 Results Conference Call 
 
July 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHEKHAR RAMAMURTHY – EXECUTIVE DEPUTY CHAIRMAN 
 
MR. ALOK GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. RAMAKRISHNAN RAMASWAMY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. JAYATHIRTHA MUKUND – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Allied Blenders and Distillers Company 
Overview and FY24 Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. This is Manoj from ISec. It’s a wonderful good morning, good afternoon, good 
evening depending on the part of the world you are joining this call from. 
It’s our absolute pleasure to host the Management of Allied Blenders and Distillers Limited, 
which had a recent IPO and the first conference call post listing. Over to Mr. Jayathirtha Mukund 
– Head of Investor Relations and Chief Risk Officer for further proceedings. Thank you. 
Jayathirtha Mukund: 
Thank you, Manoj. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for our First Ever 
Results post listing. 
I hope you have received a copy of our Company Overview and FY24 Performance Review 
Presentation. I would like to urge you to go through this along with the disclaimer slides. 
Today, we have with us from the Management of Allied Blenders and Distillers, Mr. Shekhar 
Ramamurthy, Executive Deputy Chairman, Mr. Alok Gupta, Managing Director, Mr. 
Ramakrishnan Ramaswamy, Chief Financial Officer. 
The flow of the call would be a presentation on Company Overview followed by FY24 
performance review by Alok. Post the presentation, we will have a Q&A session. I would request 
everyone to discuss points related to Company overview and FY24 performance. 
Also, I would like to highlight that in a couple of weeks’ time we will be declaring our Q1 FY25 
results and we would be happy to engage with you for any points related to Q1 performance and 
Q2 outlook in the Q1 FY25 results quarterly earnings call. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Alok for the presentation before we open up for Q&A. 
Over to you, Alok. 
Alok Gupta: 
Thanks, Mukund, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for taking the 
time out today. 

 
 
3 
 
We have a few slides to cover. So, here is the snapshot of what ABD is all about. Just a quick 
background for those who need to understand how the spirits business is done. Our business is 
done, it’s a state subject, therefore it’s all about locally producing and locally selling it and the 
entire infrastructure that has got built out, which I will cover in a bit is extremely important to 
understand because it helps us deliver our products in a most efficient manner. 
We are the third largest spirits Company in India in terms of annual sales volume. We have 17 
IMFL brands. IMFL stands for Indian-made foreign liquor. We have 33 manufacturing facilities. 
One of them is a distillery in the state of Telangana which is also our largest market, and we have 
32 bottling units across India, which essentially means that in all the markets we have a bottling 
unit that allows us to deliver our products efficiently. Our retail outlet coverage is about 79,000, 
translates to a width of distribution of more than 90%. So, pretty much available in every shop 
and every on-premise that matters. 
We are the largest exporter of IMFL for many years in a row. We export to about 14 countries 
and we export more than seven or eight brands into these countries. Of the 17 IMFL brands that 
we have, we have 4 millionaire brands. All of them are in whisky. Our flagship brand, Officer’s 
Choice, our extension of Officer’s Choice is Officer’s Choice Blue, followed by ICONiQ White, 
which is our recent launch and Sterling Reserve. 
Officer’s Choice, as you may know, has been the third largest selling whisky brand globally. 
ICONiQ, a brand that we launched in September of ‘22, now has been rated as the fastest 
growing spirits brand globally, as reported in the Drinks International Magazine. 
For FY24, our total income was Rs. 7,675 crores. We sold a total of 31.7 million cases with the 
gross margin of 37% and ROC of 16.4%. 
Just a quick snapshot of how the portfolio has evolved. ABD’s journey started way back in 1988, 
35 years back. Over the last 35 years we have built a sale, manufacturing and distribution 
network that is both sustainable and scalable. In 1988, the first brand that was launched was 
Officer’s Choice, followed by extension of Officer’s Choice in 2001 across other flavors. 
The premiumization journey started in 2011 which was the launch of Officer’s Choice Blue. 
Thereafter, we launched Kyron, which is a premium brandy which we sell largely in southern 
India. 
In 2018, we launched Sterling Reserve, which is a semi-premium whisky competes with Royal 
Stag and in calendar year up to ‘23, we also then rolled out ICONIQ White which I have already 
said is the fastest growing spirit brand as per the survey done by Drinks International Global. 
So, what have been built over the last 35 years? We have 17 IMFL brands, of which there are 4 
millionaire brands, therefore very strong brand recognition. They have withstood the test of time. 
Some of the brands are young like ICONIQ, some of the brands are 35-year-old like Officer’s 

 
 
4 
 
Choice and they have in their own way held on to their rankings and have been in some markets 
beyond India. 
Our manufacturing footprint, which is 32 bottling units and one distillery strategically located. 
There are significant logistics advantage both in terms of inbound and outbound cost and access 
to raw material. Our R&D center is at a unit in Aurangabad. It’s where all the magic happens in 
terms of our blend and all the developments that has been lined up for the future. 
We have an extensive Pan India distribution network. We supply to all kinds of markets, whether 
government runs the wholesale or the wholesale is private. In addition, we also supply to defense 
forces, both CSD and paramilitary and of course we do export, and are largest exporter out of 
India. 
We have an experienced board. We will cover it through two slides on our board members. We 
have seven independent directors based both out of India and overseas and we have a 
significantly experienced senior management team with a good blend of both from the industry 
and non-industry that helps us to do cross-industry fertilization of ideas. 
I have already covered that we have a diversified portfolio of 17 brands that operate across all 
the flavors. This chart sort of gives you a view of where we operate. So, as far as whisky is 
concerned, which is our core strength, 97% of our sales come from whisky as a portfolio. We 
have a significant presence in mass premium through our flagship brand, Officer’s Choice. 
In the Prestige segment, the comparable brand is Imperial Blue and McDowell’s No.1. We have 
Officer’s Choice Blue and ICONIQ, which are now significantly a well-established brand and 
gaining market share. 
In the semi-premium segment, which is the Royal Stag and the Royal Challenge segment, we 
have two brands; we have Sterling Reserve, and we also have a very interesting new launch, 
called Srishti. Srishti operates at a slightly higher price point then Royal Stag in what is known 
in the semi-premium plus segment which is Royal Stag Barrel Select price band. 
And right at the top, we have two brands in premium, which is Sterling Reserve Blend 10 which 
is an extension of Sterling Reserve, the mother brand, and also X&O which is a new brand which 
we have just recently launched, and we are in the process of understanding how do we take this 
brand forward. So, the whisky stack is pretty full as far as FY24 is concerned. 
On the brandy side, we have an entry level brandy, which is an extension of Officer’s Choice 
which is the mother brand. And right at the top, we have Kyron and also an extension of Sterling 
Reserve. The Kyron is our most premium offering in the brandy segment. It operates in the 
southern market and has reasonable shares and is growing. 

 
 
5 
 
On the rum, our presence currently is in the mass premium and Prestige sectors, our Prestige 
brands. They largely operate in specific state combinations where they operate as opportunity 
brand. 
In the vodka, we have a mass premium, vodka called CLASS 21 and our most recent launch has 
been Zoya, which is our first launch in the luxury gin segment which we launched in the month 
of January ‘24. 
So, what this slide really is helping us understand is that over FY18 to FY24 over a period of 
five, six years, the contribution from P&A segment has actually now moved. A significant 
contribution is coming from the P&A segment. So, from a 25% share that was coming from 
P&A, by FY24, the share of P&A is now about 37%. So, that’s a significant increase and the 
products that we have rolled out and the growth that they’re demonstrating, you see these 
numbers only getting better. 
So, our focus on premiumization both in the whisky segment, on the non-whisky segment will 
continue. The brands are established across all categories. 
What is important is in the last 10 years there are only two brands that have sort of cross the 5 
million case segment. Both the brands have come from ABD. One is Sterling Reserve and 
ICONIQ which is on the right track in terms of reaching that milestone. Ability to successfully 
launch brand largely because we have a Pan-India infrastructure both in terms of manufacturing 
and distribution. 
A quick look at how our manufacturing footprint looks like? We have a total of 32 bottling units, 
of which nine are owned, five are third-party exclusive and 18 are third-party non-exclusive. We 
have our distillery in the state of Telangana, which produces 60 million liters, which is running 
to capacity. So, that’s an important distillery for us because of the 32 million cases that we sold 
last year, about 10 million cases were sold in the state of Telangana. So, it gives us both in terms 
of our margins and also in terms of supply chain security. 
In terms of distribution, we are a Pan India player. We operate across all markets, reach of over 
79,000 outlets, 12 support offices and ABD is one amongst the four national players in the 
country -- Diageo, Pernod, Radico and us. We are the only four companies that have all India 
footprint, have the ability to understand the complex market structure, whether it is supplying to 
the government as a wholesale or to a private market or to the defence forces. So, I mean it’s 
just the fact that we have a well laid out infrastructure in terms of distribution. In terms of our 
feet force, we have roughly 500 people on the feet and that allows in future to launch new brands 
and reach out in the quickest possible manner. 
I am now reading out the slide. Essentially, this is about our board of directors. I will maybe stay 
on this slide for five seconds just for you to sort of glance it over. Next  slide on the senior 
management team, myself, Shekhar, Ramki and Mukund are in this room and my other 

 
 
6 
 
colleagues a bit about them in terms of other functional stakeholders, be it marketing, be it 
corporate relations. So, again, I will stay on this slide for a couple of seconds for you to run 
through it. I was saying earlier it helps us to make the best in terms of the cross-industry 
experience that the senior leadership team and the board brings on to the table. So, we are able 
to take advantage of that. 
The next two slides are about awards and accolades that we have been winning. The purpose of 
sharing this slide is to simply demonstrate that be it in the area of blends or area of campaigns 
that we run, we have been winning awards And it also reflects on the fact that we have 4 
millionaire brands which have got on to get the largest share of the market. 
We will quickly move on from what’s happening in the market. The key point here really is that 
premiumization is here to stay. We have seen that Indian consumer is now driven by a very 
different value proposition. Consumption is experience-driven. The consumer is okay with the 
idea of spending a little extra money, provided there is an authentic story. There’s a product that 
matches the promise and is happy to stick to a newer experience. So, when we look at the forward 
forecast for the industry, which has been put at about 9%, I think the important number here is 
that this 9% was to be seen by breaking up into the mass premium segment, the P&A segment 
and the luxury segment. It’s quite evident that the rate of growth in the P&A segment, in the 
luxury segment is between 1.5 times to 2 times, that is the mass premium segment. So, it’s quite 
clear that while the volume growth will be at about 9%, the value growth is going to be 
significantly higher, thereby giving the entire industry and us an opportunity to move up the 
value chain. 
As for what’s happening on the consumption side, all this is known to you. We are looking at a 
society which is open to the idea of responsible drinking. There’s a greater social acceptance. 
There is a good combination of both in-home drinking and out-of-home drinking and post-
COVID, we are also seeing a lot more consumption of people sort of enjoying an evening with 
the drink of their choice, with their friends. So, I think overall the consumption, the way it is 
emerging is only favorable, driving both the value and the volume growth in the industry. 
The five or six areas that we are focused on is Officer’s Choice, which is our flagship brand. A 
lot of work has happened over the last 12 months or so in terms of which markets to sell, 
packaging changes that we have been able to bring about with the singular focus of improving 
and maintaining its gross margin to a level that it justifies the investment that we are making in 
this brand. The new products will be largely in the premium and the luxury segment. We already 
have a strong portfolio in the P&A segment, which is with OC Blue, ICONiQ and Sterling 
Reserve and we plan to keep focusing on driving market share in the P&A whisky segment. 
And the focus in terms of the new product introduction is going to be largely on the luxury side. 
We have already launched our first luxury product which is Zoya, which is a small batch gin, 
which is in the process of getting rolled out across all regional markets, and there are newer 
products that we have kept ready and look forward to launching them very soon. 

 
 
7 
 
Continue to focus on operating efficiencies. We run 32 bottling units and one manufacturing unit 
which is our distillery, continue to focus on the cost, be it in terms of raw materials, be it in terms 
of logistics, environmental social practices continue to be part of the ENA. In the earlier slide, 
there is a reference to the work that we are doing at our distillery in terms of water efficiency 
and how we have been able to reduce significantly the water consumption for every liter of 
alcohol that is getting consumed and there are many other ideas that are currently being 
evaluated. 
From a brand awareness perspective, all the brands, especially in the P&A segment, in the luxury 
segment, the focus on digital marketing is going to be an important one, and we have augmented 
both internal and external resources to get the best return on the digital marketing investment, 
and we will continue to evaluate growth opportunities and selective acquisition wherever we 
believe it makes sense, either in terms of backward integration or in terms of a brand that make 
sense in terms of our portfolio synergy. 
FY24 performance snapshot on financial highlights, I mean the numbers are right in front of us. 
We did a net revenue of Rs. 3,334 crores, our EBITDA was Rs. 248 crores, margin at 7.5% and 
ROCE at 16.4%. 
We have seen all the good work that has been happening in the past. We have seen some critical 
green shoots in terms of improved realization in terms of revenue per case, which has gone up 
by 5% on a volume base of 32 million cases, improved P&A salience which is now up to about 
37.3% in FY24. Portfolio that is now getting ready in the luxury category, of which we have 
launched our first brand Zoya and ICONIQ White which was launched in FY23 went on to 
become a million case brand in the first 12 months, and for the financial year FY24, we did 
roughly 2.3 million cases and this brand continues to grow and has been rated as the fastest 
growing spirits brand globally. 
We have done a significant work in terms of packaging cost, transitioning from glass bottle to 
PET and have also explored successfully the use of tetra in a couple of markets. 
From an environment and margin point of view, we are rewiring our entire supply chain in terms 
of market bottles, and we are looking at almost an increase of about 6% to 7% higher utilization 
of our market bottles. 
The chairman has from 1st of July, 2023 stepped down from being an executive chairman to a 
non-executive chairman, which actually helps in terms of creating a separation between the 
management and the ownership. Strengthening of the board with several independent directors 
brings in the right management practices. The focus in terms of the owners and compliances 
ever increasing. We are also looking at digitizing our entire risk practice. We have already 
digitized our board practice and we are also looking at the compliances to get on to a SaaS 
platform. So, a lot of focus in terms of compliances and governance. I think internally on the 
team, while we are looking at growing at a fairly fast pace, but we also recognize that we also 

 
 
8 
 
need to foster a culture where we are focused on process excellence and greater accountability, 
and we continue to innovate. 
Last year for us, in terms of overall volume was flat for the reasons that we have already sort of 
covered in our some of our previous calls, which is largely due to non-availability of working 
capital largely on account of Telangana, which is a large market where receivables went from 60 
days to over 150 days. This was the industry-wide phenomenon as you all know and that created 
a bit of a stress for us. So, this is all about how our P&A revenues have moved, P&A volumes 
have moved, P&A realization per case. The P&A salience is ever improving from FY18 which 
was at 25%, now it’s at 37.3% and essentially the focus on premiumization and growing our 
share both in luxury and P&A segment will continue. 
And at the cost of being repetitive, the Telangana problem, which was an industry-wide problem 
did create a situation for us where the volume growth that we have planned for H2, we could not 
realize. As you’re all aware and you’ve read in the newspaper, that this was an industry-wide 
issue. It’s looking better as we speak today. 
A quick snapshot of our consolidated income statement. FY23 versus FY24, our gross income 
is up by about 7.8%, our income from operation is up by 5.6%. This gap is in terms of as you 
know that in some states our billing pricing includes excise duties, somewhere it doesn’t. So, the 
real line to look at is income from operation, which is a 5.6%, EBITDA is up at about 26.7% 
and there’s an EBITDA margin improvement from 6.2% to 7.5%. So, this is a quick snapshot in 
terms of our consolidated income statement. 
So, income from operation grew by 5.6% to Rs. 3,334 crores, improvement in realization per 
case to Rs.978 per case. This is at net realization and not gross realization. So, an improvement 
of 5.1%, while volume de-grew by 1.7%. In H1FY24, we delivered strong growth both in mass 
premium and P&A and in the H2 we experienced difficulties for reasons that I have already 
explained with you largely to do with our receivable challenge in Telangana, which was an 
industry-wide issue and essentially as a result we exited H2 not with the growth that we have 
planned. EBITDA grew by 26.7%. It’s here to read a lot of focus on cost saving initiatives. But 
more importantly, we built in a foundation for our luxury portfolio. We built a new division 
called “Prem Brand” which is building both people capability and infrastructure capability in 
terms of the outlook we have in the luxury segment and the premium segment. So, while we had 
a problem in the market which is delayed receivable from Telangana, but internally the readiness 
on the product portfolio, the readiness in terms of the organization readiness, in terms of the 
infrastructure to participate in the premiumization story was being worked on and essentially as 
we approach the market in coming financial year, we will see and hear a lot more about what we 
plan to do. 
A quick look at our key brands, Officer’s Choice, third largest selling whisky brand globally. 
Flagship brand continues to maintain market leadership. It’s got the highest gross margin in the 
existing portfolio, and I think one of the best margin even across the key competing brands. 

 
 
9 
 
There has been a major shift towards sustainability by moving on glass to PET and also aseptic 
packaging, which is really tetra. So, in the state of Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh, the 180ML pack 
and the 90ML pack we sell in tetra, very happy to share with you that this transition has been 
done in a manner that the consumer has accepted both the PET format and the tetra format, and 
that allows us to expand our gross margin. We did 18.7 million cases in FY24. It’s the sixth rank 
spirits brand globally, and the third largest selling whisky globally, again a view of various 
awards the brand has been won. It’s a flagship brand with the gross margin that we have been 
able to achieve on this brand. Our focus will continue to drive profitable growth and maintain or 
grow our margins on the brand. 
Officer’s Choice Blue, which is an extension of our flagship brand, Officer’s Choice, gives us 
an opportunity to leverage the equity that Officer’s Choice has across the country. We have done 
4.3 million cases in FY24. It’s a regional powerhouse. It operates in a few markets, commands 
market share in those markets and clearly we are very happy with the markets where it is 
operating in. Again, the brand has been winning its own awards in terms of the blend. It has a 
distinctive packaging and it continues to stand out. Our focus will continue on markets where it 
has market share. So, we see this brand to be a regional powerhouse and continue to sort of foster 
and invest in this brand of the market where margins are good, and the market share as well are 
good. 
Sterling Reserve, B7, this brand was launched in year 2018, so just about 4–5-year-old brand, 
went on to reach 5 million cases, competes with Royal Stag and Royal Challenge in that segment. 
Again the brand has been winning its award for blends specifically, and for the advertising 
campaign that has been doing. It’s a challenger brand in this segment. It’s a fairly large segment. 
It’s got an exceedingly good blend really that comes out from our R&D center, Aurangabad. We 
have recently launched what we call as a Hippy Pack, which essentially is 180ML pack, largely 
designed for the younger mobile audience. The good thing is that we are able to position this 
pack at a price point which is higher than the traditional glass 180ML. So, it talks to audiences 
that are more modern, therefore, drive the freshness for the brand, but the pack also has to make 
slightly higher margin because it’s priced higher than the traditional glass pack. We are more 
than doubling our capacity for the Hippy Pack in terms of procurement, because it’s getting 
exceedingly good feedback from the market. 
Moving to our next brand, which is the new kid on the block, ICONiQ White. It’s achieved its 
million cases in the first 12 months of launch. It closed at about 2.3 million cases in FY24, again 
from a million to 2 million very fast and the brand continues to grow. The national rollout of the 
brand is just about complete. So, many more markets that we have added post FY24. Currently, 
it’s on a ARR of about four to five million cases for FY25 and therefore will more than double 
the exit volume of FY24. Again, in the short period of the launch, the brand has picked up its 
award and recognition accolades, both in terms of the product and the digital marketing work 
that we have done. Our ICONiQ White approach is slightly different in the market. It’s talking 
to younger consumer. It’s talking to the consumer in a language which is very different and 
unique. It’s refreshing to the extent it does not carry the traditional power symbol, which is red, 

 
 
10 
 
blue, gold. If you see it’s a fairly non-whisky colors, but I think that really drives the 
premiumness of the brand and acceptance of the brand. What we have also done with the brand 
is that we have price positioned it between an Imperial Blue and Royal Stag from a Pernod 
portfolio and McDowell’s No.1 and Royal Challenge from a Diageo portfolio, and the 
advantages that we are able to get both upgrade from Imperial Blue and McDowell’s No.1 and 
we also are able to get downgrades from Royal Stag and Royal Challenge. This segment is about 
120-odd million cases and this price point allows us to get consumers from both the semi-
premium segment and the deluxe segment, and that’s really what is driving the growth. Needless 
to say, that at this price point between semi-premium and deluxe, we also make better margins. 
Moving on to Kyron, it’s a premium brandy from our portfolio. It does about 150,000 cases, 
largely operates in south. It’s been getting its own share of awards as far as blend is concerned. 
I think consistently you would see a theme that our blends have been winning international award 
and that’s something that gives us immense pleasure and immense confidence that as we started 
putting in a little more A&P behind this brand, consumers would only sort of reciprocate in terms 
of their love for the brand that will translate into better market share. We are in the southern 
market relooking at what we can do with Kyron. I mean another as an example, we have a share 
of 25%. So, what we can do with a premium brand, it’s been part of our portfolio for some time 
and we are moving it from being a purely distribution brand to now an A&P backed brand. As 
we are seeing premiumization not just in whisky but happening across all segments. 
Moving on to Zoya, our first brand into the luxury segment, we have identified a few price flavor 
combination in the luxury segment where we believe we have both a right-to-play and right-to-
win. Our portfolio is largely whisky focused. 97% of our revenue comes from whisky. So, here 
we decided to get out of a bit of our comfort zone and our first luxury brand is in a non-whisky 
portfolio, that is Gin. It’s already launched in two key states of Haryana and Maharashtra, and 
by end of this quarter, we are looking at being available across all critical gin consuming markets. 
And again, the brand is less than 7-8 months old, but it’s picked up, especially on the blend side 
we are extremely happy and of course on the campaigns that we have been running under what 
we call as #ZoyaTales, which is a combination of excellent cocktails that you make with Zoya 
and also the tales or conversation that you have while you’re sipping Zoya. So, this entire digital 
campaign, which is on ZoyaTales is really getting us the rich dividend which is reflecting in the 
tertiary sales and the feedback that we are getting on the brand. 
So, that was on our key brands, masking Officer’s Choice, thereafter our P&A segment and 
whisky, OC Blue, ICONiQ and Sterling Reserve, Kyron, which is a hidden jewel which we plan 
to leverage in this financial year and going forward and Zoya, which is our first luxury launch… 
first but not the only one. 
Moving on to the “industry outlook,” we expect the industry is expected to grow at a single digit. 
However, if you were to look at this growth between the mass premium and P&A, that’s really 
where the value is, the P&A segment and the premium segment is growing faster than the mass 
premium segment and thereby driving the value growth in the segment and with our portfolio 

 
 
11 
 
which is currently available and the new brands that we have in mind, I think we are well 
positioned to take advantage of the premiumization that’s happening in the country. 
The consumption continues to be experienced driven the consumer is especially in the premium 
luxury segment looking for new brands and of course also demanding from those brands, 
constant sort of variety and excitement. So, whether it is in terms of flavors or it is in terms of 
finishes and that is extremely important and our R&D center out of Aurangabad will become a 
big asset for us to be able to constantly provide consumer those experiences. 
In terms of the outlook on commodity prices, the outlook as the ENA prices are likely to stay at 
March ‘24 and hopefully towards the H2, there should be some correction. We are already seeing 
some signs of correction, so that’s good news for us. And the glass bottle prices will come down 
after the significant increase that we experienced in last year. 
As far as the Company is concerned, I think I have already covered it. We want to drive profitable 
volume, we want to drive overall growth, which is faster than the industry. In the whisky 
segment, continue to focus on Officer’s Choice in profitable states, but definitely sharper focus 
on maintaining and growing our gross margins consolidate and grow our market share in the 
P&A whisky segment with Officer’s Choice, Imperial Blue and Sterling Reserve, leverage 
Kyron, which is a hidden jewel in our portfolio, expand the luxury segment beyond Zoya. 
On the cost front, look at line items which are beyond the cost of goods, and we have identified 
three or four areas where we will do significant benchmarking in terms of both domestic best 
practices and global best practices and to figure out how can we be more efficient in terms of 
cost item beyond the cost of goods. 
The working capital efficiency both through what we are doing in terms of our procurement, 
looking at combination of VMI, which is vendor managed inventory, to looking at a better 
replenishment model across the market is something that is the area of focus that will help us, 
optimizing our working capital. So, this is what is going to keep us busy in terms of way forward 
which will strengthen our current position, launch newer brands in the luxury portfolio, look at 
beyond cost and continue to look at efficiency which optimizes our working capital. 
So, that is the last slide from my end. I hope I was able to do a good job in terms of walking you 
through the FY24 and if there is any follow up question, of course, we will take in the Q&A 
section. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question can press * and 1. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you 
may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets when asking questions. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  Our first question 
is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 

 
 
12 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, given this is the first results as a listed Company, I wanted to understand now that your debt 
issues are resolved, what will be your top three priorities in the next one year? I understand for 
the industry and for you also Q4 was challenging because of the overall slowdown, etc., and Q1 
also my sense is the election impact will be there for the industry and for you. But if we see 
going ahead, how things will change and what will be your top three priorities given the debt 
issues are now resolved post the IPO. 
Alok Gupta: 
Thanks for your question. The top three priorities, first is participate actively at an accelerated 
pace in the premiumization journey both at the luxury segment where we have launched Zoya 
and other brands that are lined up and you will see announcements from us very soon, grow our 
market shares in the P&A segment and more importantly on Officer’s Choice continue to grow 
profitably. So, that’s one. Second is, look at cost optimization beyond cost of goods. We have 
identified three cost heads in terms of LPB, forward logistics and commodity, which is 
significant in terms of our overall cost, and we are engaging with the subject matter experts to 
help understand both domestic and global best practices. We believe significant value will be 
created and all those savings to efficiency will go down to our bottom line. The third thing I 
would say is really on process automation, digitization to sort of be a central focus in terms of 
our decision-making, whether it is in softer areas of governance and compliances, or whether it 
is in terms of what we do on the marketing side. So, I would say these are our top three immediate 
priorities at this point of time. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question will be on the new government in Andhra. The manifesto had put out that 
new liquor policy will be there to provide more affordable and better-quality liquor. So, what 
will be your sense on that, how close are we to that if you have the sense? And what could be 
the benefit for you given this is one of the states where you do have a business, what’s the 
expectation on this? 
Alok Gupta: 
So, historically, if you were to go in the past, we have sold 2x the volume that we currently sell. 
So, we are as eager to understand what the new policy would look like. I think all indications 
are pointing to the fact that there is a very high probability of, a) retail getting privatized which 
is good news for industry and for us, because then we get a fair chance to reclaim our old shares, 
and we are expecting that something to this extent hopefully over the next two weeks we will 
get to hear. So, we are quite looking forward to the new policy in the state of Andhra Pradesh. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And a last quick question on Bengal. So, there is some increase in the spirits taxes also, but beer 
taxes seem to have increased much higher. So, do you expect that there can be some market 
share gains from the beer industry and any particular proactive plan to get more market share 
given the changes in taxes in Bengal? 
Alok Gupta: 
So, as far as the tax on ENA is concerned, it is only on import. If you’re buying locally, there is 
no change in the tax structure. So, that’s point one. Therefore, to that extent is margin-neutral. 
On the beer prices, in the previous policy, the gap between let’s say for us, Officer’s Choice 
whisky and beer had expanded considerably. So, while we had a significant jump in our margin, 

 
 
13 
 
the segment did experience a bit of slowdown. And on back of what we are currently seeing in 
terms of the new policy, we do expect that the mass premium segment in which we are the largest 
player, we do expect volume growth with the new prices. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
Yash: 
So, I understand that your P&A share has increased from 25% to 37% in the last four to five 
years, but if I look at your EBITDA margin, they have been constant at about 7% to 8%. So, we 
are not getting the advantage of that impact. So, I just want to understand why isn’t the 
realization not been there on EBITDA margins? 
Alok Gupta: 
Essentially, I think COVID hit us a little harder than perhaps it did to the rest of the industry 
largely because our portfolio was very heavy in the mass premium segment with very little 
volumes coming from higher gross margin brands. So, it took us a little bit of time to recover. 
But as you can see that this financial year, there is an improvement in the EBITDA margin. Of 
course, it’s still single digit and I think FY25, we are hoping that there will be a significant 
change on back of… I am just connecting back to the earlier question that was asked to me on 
back of post-IPO, we paid off our debts, it’s a deleverage balance sheet, we do not have any 
further working capital stress. We believe the true potential of our brand will come to play and 
hopefully this question if asked next financial year, would have a very different response. 
Yash: 
For your ICONiQ White brand, like this is Gin, right, so what is the sort of the area that you’re 
competing like what kind of brands are you competing over there? 
Alok Gupta: 
ICONiQ White is a whisky and not a gin. ICONiQ White operates at a price point between 
McDowell’s No.1 and Royal Stag. This segment all put together is about 125 million cases of 
the 400 million cases of IMFL in India. So, , 25% or more, about 30% of the sale in the 400 
million case segment comes from the P&A whisky and ICONiQ White plays right in that 
segment, but at a price point higher than deluxe and little lower than semi-premium. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Shrimal from PINC Wealth Advisory. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
I had a couple of questions. One would be, so we saw increase in our EBITDA margin. Now 
how much of the increased EBITDA margin can be attributed towards the packaging cost and 
how much is because of our efficiency and realization? 
Alok Gupta: 
Let me give you a simpler response that the increase in the EBITDA margin of about 60% is 
coming on back of better gross margin and balance is coming on back of better overheads. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
And would these margins be sustainable going forward or can we expect some mortality in that? 

 
 
14 
 
Alok Gupta: 
We have already seen the peak in terms of the glass bottle prices and the ENA prices. Our view 
is that ENA prices will soften out hopefully Q2 onwards and glass our prices will soften out and 
therefore we believe these margins are sustainable or maybe even marginally growable. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
So, what would be our target share be in P&A like right now? I think it is around 35%, 37%. 
How much do you want to achieve, let’s say, three years forward? 
Alok Gupta: 
So, our share in the P&A whisky segment is not 35%. Our share in the P&A segment would be 
high single digit and hopefully on back of the growth that we are seeing on ICONiQ and the 
work that we are doing in SRB-7, we are hopeful that we should be able to see significant change 
in our shares, maybe double of where we are today over the period of time. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Then that of course leads to a margin expansion as well, right? 
Alok Gupta: 
And I think one added point would be that the P&A sales, which is currently about 37%. As a 
result of this, growth will also be at about more than 50% in terms of volume and hopefully 
about 60%-odd in terms of value. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
The new products we are going to be launching, in which segment are you going to launch the 
products? 
Alok Gupta: 
The work that we have done over the last four quarters in terms of getting our new products 
developed, one of which is launched which is Zoya and a few others that will get launched in 
time to come. All of them are in the premium and luxury segment and we believe our portfolio 
in the mass premium and the P&A, which is Prestige and above, I think we have a very good 
portfolio with Officer’s Choice, ICONIQ, Sterling Reserve and OC Blue. So, we are not planning 
any more new launches there, but we will be doing all our focus on the luxury side. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Swechha Jain from Whitestone Financial Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Swechha Jain: 
I have a few questions. So, my first question is in FY24 we have done 31.7 million cases as 
compared to 32.2 million cases in FY23. And this is obviously contribution is from a very new 
brand, ICONiQ, right? So, if I understand our other brands apart from new brands would have 
not contributed in this growth in terms of millions of cases. So, I just want to understand that 
how come our cases have reduced in FY24? 
Alok Gupta: 
Thank you for that question. I think the challenge that we had in the H2 was really around our 
receivable stuck in Telangana. So, the call we had to take was that how do we prioritize the 
capital. So, essentially the prioritization of capital was done on the profitability of brands in 
terms of the state and also balancing with what the future promises and ICONiQ being a brand 
that was growing at a very fast pace, we made sure that it got all the capital that it required, and 
we had to take a back seat on some the state brand combination where margins were lower. So, 

 
 
15 
 
really in H2, the job on hand was that how do we continuously focus on protecting or growing 
our market share in market and on brand that matter from a long-term perspective. 
Swechha Jain: 
Sir, now since we have paid off the debt, so I want to understand in terms of our interest cost, 
how much are we going to save on a yearly basis? 
Alok Gupta: 
So, we will talk more about it along with our Q1 Result, but just to give you a directional 
response, we are expecting interest cost to cut more than half in this financial year, largely 
because Q1 we have legacy interest cost, so that’s what we are projecting for FY25 and then 
progressively reduce it out. 
Swechha Jain: 
In the RHP, we have mentioned that we have done some restructuring of the top management 
and the committee which would help us in saving a cost to the tune of Rs. 93 to 95 crores. But 
as I see in this quarter, our employee cost has significantly gone up. So, I am not able to actually 
connect the dots. So, I just want to understand this Rs. 93, 95 crores of cost saving, how much 
of it is going to get reflected in this year, sir in FY25 and going forward how it will be? 
Alok Gupta: 
So, just one clarification and then I will answer your question. The cost that you’re referring to 
in the RHP was the cost associated with the chairman who has stepped down from being an 
executive chairman to a non-executive chairman w.e.f. 1st July ‘23. So, the 90-odd crores is the 
total cost that was associated. Part of that cost was incurred in Q1 FY24 and that cost since then 
we are not incurring. Therefore, we get a full benefit in FY25 moving forward. On the people 
cost like I explained and just connecting the earlier question, our focus is on the luxury segment. 
So, we are building a division which is called ‘Prem Brand’. ABD strength has been in the retail 
market. We cover about 90%-odd of the retail market, 79,000 retail units. However, on the on-
premise side, because our portfolio was sort of between mass premium and the P&A segment, 
there was no need for us to have an organization for key accounts and premium on-premise. So, 
we have been focused in the last few quarters in FY24 to build the organization out and build 
the infrastructure out that will allow us to launch the brands, including Zoya and many other 
brands that are already in the pipeline in the current FY. So, the people cost increase is largely 
an investment ahead of the curve to be able to launch our luxury brand in a manner that they 
need the attention in the premium on-premise. 
Swechha Jain: 
So, if I look at our gross margins, we are still 3% to 4% less as compared to our other competitors. 
So, while I understand our interest cost is going to come down, our other cost is going to come 
down, but all that is going to reflect at the EBITDA level. So, I just wanted to understand from 
a gross margin perspective, what levers do we have to increase our gross margin going forward? 
Alok Gupta: 
It’s a fair question. I think our stated sort of direction is that we want to get to industry parity 
EBITDA over the next few years. I think there are two important growth levers. One is that 
currently our captive ENA is just about 30%-odd of what we need whereas most of our 
competitors have nearly 100% captive ENA. That’s roughly it will translate to about 250 basis 
points gross margin improvement. So, we are looking at building capability, we are looking at 

 
 
16 
 
investing on the ENA manufacturing sites, right and to address the gap. Other than that, on the 
gross margin, now that we have paid off our debt, we are looking at renegotiating our terms with 
our vendors and the process has already started and we are looking at almost about 75 basis 
points improvement in our gross margin going forward on back of timely payment. So, these are 
two initiatives and one initiative that I think I have covered briefly was in our industry market, 
bottle utilization plays a very important role. We were at about 10%, 12% market bottle 
utilization and in the current financial year, we have targeted almost doubling our market, bottle 
utilization that will also have an impact on the gross margin. So, you would see a significant 
improvement on what is possible in terms of cost management and market bottle utilization, but 
over the next two to three years address the captive ENA to go from 30% to 100% and that will 
have another massive jump in terms of our gross margin. 
Swechha Jain: 
Can we expect directionally gross margin in FY25 to go up at least by 2% or 3% and then rest 
can happen after that? 
Alok Gupta: 
Well, that certainly is the intent. 
Swechha Jain: 
So, this receivable issue that I think you were talking about Telangana, right? 
Alok Gupta: 
That is right. 
Swechha Jain: 
What is the status, sir as of now, if you could just give some clarification and color to it, sir? 
Alok Gupta: 
The situation is better than earlier. But the full issue is yet to be resolved. The industry, the beer 
and the spirits industry through its industry body, CIABC, and the new beer industry body, they 
simply had a meeting with both the current government and the bureaucrats and we have 
presented our case to them and they have given us an assurance that they will resolve the issue 
starting September. So, there is still a bit of overdue left in Telangana, but better than earlier, but 
not fully resolved. 
Swechha Jain: 
If you could specifically quantify this like how much is it? 
Alok Gupta: 
Well, at an industry level, if my memory serves me right between beer and spirits, the Telangana 
government, I think the total number is maybe Rs. 4,000-odd crores, but in terms of the agreed 
payment terms are about 45, 60 days, we are operating north of about 100 days in terms of 
receivable. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Darshika Khemka from AV Fincorp. Please go ahead. 
Darshika Khemka: 
I wanted to delve a little deeper into the question that was asked by the previous participant 
around the  Rs. 93 crores of restructuring cost. So, can you help us with the breakdown of this 
cost? So, I believe if we were supposed to not incur, this cost for the three quarters, so that is 

 
 
17 
 
approximately around Rs. 70 crores. Can you give the breakdown of the Rs. 70 crores between 
employee costs and other expenses? 
Alok Gupta: 
The cost is associated with the chairman’s office, both in terms of salary and other direct cost. 
So, I think there is no major line-item breakup so to speak and we expect the 93-odd crores 
saving to accrue for the full year for the current financial year. 
Darshika Khemka: 
From FY25? 
Alok Gupta: 
Yes. 
Darshika Khemka: 
And you have mentioned that a certain portion of employee expenses were incurred for the new 
setup that you are doing for the new hiring that you’ve done. Can you quantify that amount for 
us? 
Alok Gupta: 
Broadly, about between Rs. 10 and 15 crores. 
Darshika Khemka: 
My last question is that, to increase our ENA captive usage from the current 30% to 100%, what 
kind of investment are we looking at over the next two to three years, because if I am not wrong, 
it does require substantial investments, right? 
Alok Gupta: 
There are various options that are currently under evaluation, right? So, let me try and answer 
the question to the extent possible today and hopefully more about when we talk next. A typical 
150 KLPD plant will take about Rs. 225 crores. We will need a capacity of about 300 KLPD 
nationally. But there are many different ways of making this investment. So, we are currently 
evaluating it, haven’t really finalized anything at this point of time, but hopefully in the next few 
months we will have a clarity in terms of how we want to make this investment. 
Darshika Khemka: 
So, that would approximately mean a CAPEX of around Rs. 450 crores, right? 
Alok Gupta: 
Yes, the investment in the two plants will cost roughly that amount of money. But I can say we 
are currently evaluating what’s the best way of making these investments. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Probably we can get back on this. 
Alok Gupta: 
Of course. I think hopefully over the next few months, we will have a clear game plan on this, 
but it needs to be done that we are quite certain. 
Darshika Khemka: 
I was just curious to ask what could be the funding means of this as well? 
Alok Gupta: 
So, like I said, I think that’s really the point I was trying to make that while this needs to be done, 
but there are various other options in terms of how do we go about making this investment and 
a little premature for me to answer that question. But I think needless to say from a business 

 
 
18 
 
operation point of view, we are quite clear that we want to maintain a debt of a certain level and 
that’s why we want to make sure that we structure it correctly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Punmiya from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Firstly, just wanted a data point in terms of your P&A contribution in value terms. You did 
mention volume terms in your presentation for FY24 and FY18. If you can also share the same 
in terms of value? 
Alok Gupta: 
It will be broadly about 45%-odd would be the value terms. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
In FY24? 
Alok Gupta: 
That’s right. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
And what would that be in FY18? 
Alok Gupta: 
Sorry. I will have to get back to you on that. I do not have that number on my fingertips. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Would the exit of FY24 4Q, which is 4Q, the 40% would be same for 4Q as well? 
Alok Gupta: 
Sorry, say that again please. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
The exit of FY24 4Q, the P&A contribution would be same at 40% or would it be slightly higher? 
Alok Gupta: 
I think it’s getting better quarter-on-quarter. Therefore, FY24 contribution be higher and it also 
reflects in our outlook for FY25. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
In terms of an article which came three days back in terms of home delivery of liquor, so the 
media article states that the states are planning to allow home delivery of liquor through 
platforms, this was also explored post-COVID. So, what’s your view on this? Is it something 
which might take a productive shape, is it something which is just being explored and might take 
a lot of time to implement? 
Alok Gupta: 
Well, I think firstly. It’s a very progressive step. So, we support this government’s viewpoint 
completely. In FMCG, there are millions of outlets, whereas in alco bev, there is a defined outlet 
and for the right reasons. Therefore, home delivery makes a lot of sense. I think it needs to be 
done with a little bit of care. Things like that the buyer is are not certified. So, there was age 
verification, address verification. I think there is a structure that will emerge, but I think we view 
this as a very, very progressive step. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
What do you think would be the biggest barrier in terms of implementing this? Would it be 
basically the tagging of the store because they are obviously paying a huge fee in terms of retail 
operations, would that be the biggest barrier or would it be something else? 

 
 
19 
 
Alok Gupta: 
The home delivery is currently working successfully in the state of West Bengal, right, 
uninterrupted. It’s also allowed in Odisha. So, I think if we just emulate the West Bengal model, 
which has been successfully running, I think the niggling challenges that there are, can be 
tackled. One trivia if you look at, some data that is published, so if you’re in the state of West 
Bengal, you can order it on Swiggy, because we do look at data that comes from Swiggy. I think 
one trivia is that you will clearly see that this channel is also being used for more by the P&A 
consumer and by the premium and the luxury customer. So, I mean it also adds to the whole 
premiumization support the channel was to open up. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Alok Gupta: 
Thank you very much once again for taking the time out. This was our first briefing post listing 
and we look forward to interacting you further and sharing the progress that we are making on 
the agenda that has already been covered. So, I would not be repetitive, but thank you for your 
time and look forward to talking to you again very soon. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
