 
 
Corporate Office: Club 125, Plot No. A - 3,4,5, Tower A, 4th Floor,  
Sector-125, Noida - 201301, UP, India | Tel: +91 120 5057000 
Registered Office: M-140, Greater Kailash, Part-Il, New Delhi - 110048 
CIN No.: L72900DL2012PLC244966 
Website: www.RateGain.com 
E-Mail: help@rategain.com 
September 19, 2024 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: RATEGAIN) 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 543417) 
 
Sub: Transcript of Twelth (12th) Annual General Meeting held through VC/OAVM 
on September 16, 2024 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Twelth (12th) Annual General Meeting of the 
Company held through VC/OAVM on September 16, 2024.  
 
The Transcript shall also be made available on the ‘Investors’ Section of the Company’s 
website at www.rategain.com. 
 
Please take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RateGain Travel Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
(Thomas P. Joshua) 
Vice President – Legal & Company Secretary 
Memb. No.: F9839 
 
Encl.:  As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THOMAS 
P JOSHUA
Digitally signed 
by THOMAS P 
JOSHUA 
Date: 2024.09.19 
16:21:14 +05'30'

Bhanu Chopra: Good Morning, Ladies and Gentlemen! 
  
I, Bhanu Chopra, Chairman and Managing Director of RateGain Travel Technologies Limited, am 
delighted to welcome you all on behalf of the Board to the 12th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company being held today through video conference. I trust you are well and I extend my heartfelt 
gratitude for your virtual attendance. With the requisite quorum being present through video 
conferencing, the meeting is duly constituted, and I hereby call the meeting to order.  
 
Before we begin the proceedings, I'd like to introduce the members of the Board and the Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company. Joining us today are Mr. Girish Paman Vanvari, 
Independent Director and Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Renumeration 
Committee and Risk Management Committee. Ms. Aditi Gupta, Independent Director and 
Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Mr. Thomas P. Joshua, Company 
Secretary, and Mr. Divik Anand, Senior Director - Investor Relations. All are present through video 
conferencing for today's meeting.  
 
We also have with us Mr. Ashish Gupta, representing Walker Chandok and Company LLP, Statutory 
Auditors, and Mr. Manish Gupta, representing RMG and Associates, Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company present through video conferencing. I thank all the members, colleagues on the Board, 
Auditors, and the management team for joining this meeting.  
 
Now, I would request Mr. Thomas P. Joshua, Company Secretary of the Company, to provide 
general instructions to the members regarding participation in this meeting.  
 
Thomas P. Joshua: Thanks, Bhanu, Good Morning, everyone! 
 
This AGM is being held through video conferencing and other audio-visual means on the platform 
of NSDL, in accordance to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013, SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, and the circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI in this 
regard. Members may please note that the facility of participation at the AGM through video 
conferencing and other audio-visual means have been made available to the members on ϐirst 
come ϐirst serve basis. Members participating in the meeting can pose questions or feedback 
through the question box option. These questions would be taken up towards the end of the 
meeting. As this meeting is being held through video conferencing and other audio visual means, 
the provisions relating to appointment of proxy is not applicable. Requisite arrangements have 
been made through the e-voting services provided by NSDL to enable its members to exercise 
their right to vote on resolutions set forth in the notice of AGM. Mr. Shreyansh Pratap Jain, 
Practicing Company Secretary, has been appointed as the scrutinizer for the e voting during the 
AGM and the remote voting process. The results of the e-voting on the resolution set forth in the 
notice of AGM, along with the report of the scrutinizer shall be made available on the ‘investors’ 
section of the website of the Company, website of NSDL and the stock exchanges i.e. NSE and BSE. 
The Statutory Registers and records as required to be placed at the AGM have been made available 
and kept open during the continuance of the meeting for inspection of members electronically. 
Any member who wants to inspect the same can send their request to the email ID mentioned in 
the AGM notice.  
 
Now, I request our Chairman, Mr. Bhanu Chopra to address the members attending the meeting.  

 
Bhanu Chopra: Thanks, Thomas.  
 
The Company has taken all feasible efforts under the current circumstances to enable the 
members to participate through the video conferencing and other audio-visual means and vote to 
the resolution set forth in the notice of the AGM. 
 
Before we proceed with the formal agenda, I would like to share an overview of our performance 
during ϐiscal year 2023-24 and the general outlook for the travel and hospitality industry. The 
past year has been transformative for RateGain. Our performance in ϐiscal year 2023-24 highlights 
our unwavering focus on customer success, innovation and team agility. The global travel industry 
is shifting with strong underlying demand driving growth over the next decade. Leading players 
across hotels, airlines and car rentals are re-evaluating the technology strategies to enhance 
customer experience. This is where RateGain steps in. As a key technology partner, we collaborate 
with clients to create interoperable systems that offer a uniϐied view of the traveller and unlock 
new revenue streams. Today's traveller demands personalized, seamless journeys and RateGain’s 
agile SaaS solutions empower brands to connect with travellers and maximize revenue. At the 
heart of revenue maximization lies the need to optimize costs, streamline technology, and remain 
adaptable to market ϐluctuations. RateGain’s interoperable offerings across DAAS, distribution 
and Martech are designed to help companies achieve just that. Our collaboration with New York 
University in Hedna on the state of distribution report sheds light on industry challenges and 
opportunities, reinforcing RateGain’s critical role in driving adaption and growth. With AI and the 
core of our DAAS and MARTECH offerings, we provide actionable insights at scale, enhance guest 
acquisition, and improve operational efϐiciency of our clients. On the technology front, we 
continue to invest in innovation and automation. Our R&D efforts have led to new AI driven 
capabilities, including predictive analytics, dynamic pricing, and guest experience optimization, 
placing us at the forefront of travel technology. Despite global uncertainties, we began FY25 on a 
strong note, achieving 21% revenue growth in Q1. Today, with over 3,200 clients in 100 plus 
countries, including top hotel chains, OTAs, DMOs, airlines, and car rentals, RateGain’s 800 plus 
employees continue to deliver innovative solutions across the travel ecosystem. We’re progressing 
towards our vision of building a comprehensive revenue maximization platform for the industry, 
leveraging AI ML to empower clients and deliver seamless travel experiences. With 13 products 
in our portfolio, RateGain offers a comprehensive suite of revenue maximization solutions, and 
we see tremendous opportunities to cross sell and upsell these capabilities while deepening 
relationships with our key customers. Strategically positioned at the forefront of travel 
technology, RateGain is poised to connect the next billion travellers through our innovative 
solutions. Adara has equipped us with one of the World's most comprehensive travel in 10 data 
sets, enhancing digital marketing, brand engagement and customer acquisition strategies. This is 
an exciting opportunity for us to shape the future of the industry. Sustainability and ESG remain 
at the forefront of our agenda. We made strides in reducing a carbon footprint through data centre 
efϐiciencies and promoting sustainable travel options. Our CSR initiatives continue to positively 
impact communities. Especially in education and skill development. Our people remain central to 
our success, and with an all-time low attrition rate of 10.9%, we are proud of the inclusive culture 
we have built. Recognition as one of the India's great workplaces for 2024 underscores our 
commitment to nurturing talent. Looking ahead, our focus will remain on driving customer 
centric innovation, enhancing value through AI, and achieving operational excellence. I take this 

opportunity to thank each of you for your continued support as we build RateGain’s future 
together.  
 
I will now request Divik to update on the ϐinancial performance of the Company. Thereafter, 
Thomas will take us through the formal agenda of the meeting.  
 
Divik Anand: Thanks, Bhanu, Good Morning, everyone! 
 
It has been another exceptional year for RateGain with robust performance across all key areas, 
contributing to record revenue with signiϐicant margin improvement through the year. This is a 
testament to the resilience of our business model, demonstrating the value we are delivering to 
our customers. With strong execution from the team that has led to key improvement across key 
operating metrics with focused execution, we witnessed doubling of our new contract wins in the 
past year to Rupees 284.8 crores powered by healthy growth from key markets and a strong 
demand for our products in emerging markets, positioning us well for future growth 
opportunities. One of the key standouts for us in the past year has been the exceptional 
performance of Adara, which has been a great and complimentary addition to the RateGain’s 
ecosystem. The turnaround and the synergies from this acquisition is a validation of our M&A 
playbook and focused inorganic growth strategy, to further consolidate our leading position 
within the travel tech space. Your Company achieved consolidated revenue from operations of 
Rupees 957 crores as compared to Rupees 565.1 crores last year, registering a growth of 69.3% 
year on year. EBIDA grew by 124% to 189.7 crores, with the EBIDA margin improving from 15% 
to 19.8% in ϐiscal year 2023-24, on the back of operating leverage playing out as we scale up in a 
sustainable manner. We witnessed strong increase in PAT from 68.4 crores in FY 2022-23 to Rs 
145. 4 crores, signalling a growth of 113%. We continue to have strong customer relationships 
that are helping in building predictable, scalable and resilient revenue streams and a sustainable 
business model. The gross revenue retention was 90.1%, while the net revenue retention stood at 
113.2%. Top customers contributed to 28.3% of the total revenues. Our cash ϐlow generation has 
improved signiϐicantly compared to last year. The cash ϐlow from operations stood at Rupees 
151.8 crores, for ϐiscal year 2023-24, up 2.9 times compared to Rupees 52 crores generated in the 
previous year and this is on the back of improved proϐitability and collection cycle. We continue 
to have a strong debt free balance sheet and cash, cash position of Rupees 1,082.2 crores as of 
March 31, 2024, with the Company having successfully raised capital of Rupees 600 crores via QIP 
during the year. We see immense growth potential in the industry, especially with travel demand 
holding steady and with companies looking to adopt digital solutions to be able to drive 
efϐiciencies and better serve their guests. RateGain is well positioned with its diversiϐied product 
offering, expansive data lake, and marquee customer base to capture this opportunity, consolidate 
our position in the industry, and continue to drive value for all our stakeholders.  
 
With that, I will ϐinish. Thank you! Now, I would request Thomas to proceed with the agenda. 
 
Thomas P. Joshua: Thanks, Divik. 
 
The notice of the 12th AGM along with the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Company and the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors, including and 
issues thereof, for the ϐinancially rendered 31st March 2024, have already been sent, by electronic 
mode, to those members whose email-ids are registered with the Company or depositories. These 

documents have also been made available on the ‘investors’ section of the Company's website. In 
view of the above the Notice and the reports of Board of Directors is being taken as read. The 
auditors have submitted their report for the ϐinancial statements for the year ended 31st March 
2024 and they do not contain any qualiϐications, modiϐied opinion or adverse remarks. Hence, the 
Auditor Report is being taken as read.  
 
The following resolutions are proposed to be passed at this AGM as ordinary resolutions. There 
are three resolutions to be passed: 
• 
Resolution number one is - adoption of Audited, Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Company for the ϐinancial year 31st of March 2024, along with the report 
of Board of Directors and Auditors thereon.  
• 
Resolution number two is - appointment of Ms. Megha Chopra as a director liable to retire 
by rotation.  
• 
Resolution number three is - appointment of Deloitte, Haskins Sells, LLP, Chartered 
Accountants as the Statutory Auditors of the Company and to ϐix their remuneration.  
 
All the eligible members of the Company present at the AGM who could not exercise their right to 
vote during the remote e-voting process can exercise their vote now through the e-voting platform 
of NSDL. Kindly note that the window for e voting would remain open till 12 noon. The members 
are requested to follow the instructions mentioned in the notice of AGM, and in case of any 
difϐiculties, they may connect to the helpline numbers mentioned therein.  
 
Now it's time for the Q&A session, wherein we'll be taking up the questions that have been raised 
by our participants during the AGM and responding thereon.  
 
The ϐirst question that we have received from the shareholder is that - Growth in the past year has 
been quite good, what is the growth outlook for the company and how will we achieve it? 
 
Bhanu or Divik Either of you can take this. 
 
Bhanu Chopra:  As we've been indicating in the quarterly earnings reports as well, the goal is to 
double the revenue from FY 24, in the next three years by FY 27. So We're on track.  As you have 
seen, the growth in Q1 has been pretty healthy at 21% and organically and inorganically combined 
to get to the goal of doubling our revenues entails about 26% CAGR and we're conϐident that we 
should be able to achieve that over the next three years. 
 
Thomas P. Joshua: Thanks, Bhanu, we look at the next question now - What is the outlook on 
margin expansion?  
 
Bhanu Chopra: So again, on the margin expansion, what we have guided for in previous quarterly 
earnings is about 150 basis points to 200 basis points expansion. So we've been at about 20%. So, 
we should see that kind of expansion in our EBITA margins over the course of this ϐiscal year. 
 
Thomas P. Joshua: Thanks, Bhanu, for the update. We now move on to the next question that we 
have received. What are the global travel trends and the impact of the current macro environment 
on the future demand.  
 

Bhanu Chopra: Divik, you want to take that?  
 
Divik Anand: Sure. Yeah, the global travel industry continues to hold steady in the face of the 
evolving situations in some pockets and, the SCIFT travel index that we follow continues to hold 
steady at 104 in June. With key geographies within Europe witnessing a strong summer season 
and Asia Paciϐic still witnessing some healthy tailwinds being one of the last geographies to open 
up. The hotel industry growth continues over 2023 levels buoyed by improved occupancy. Recent 
surveys conducted by leading global consultancy ϐirms have highlighted that recreation and 
leisure travels continue to be at the top of the list for discretionary spend for consumers 
demanding a higher share of wallet and kind of reafϐirming the outlook for the travel sector in 
terms of the next few years that there are some healthy tailwinds for growth within this space. So 
overall things are holding quite steady and within that, customers continue to drive investments 
into the industry. It opens new opportunities for RateGain to be able to further consolidate its 
position over there.  
 
Thomas P. Joshua: Thanks, Divik, for those insights. We move on to the next question that is with 
respect to the - Inorganic initiative that we have planned for FY 25. 
 
Divik Anand: Bhanu, should I take that?  
 
Bhanu Chopra: Sure.  
 
Divik Anand: Yeah. So, we continue to evaluate, opportunities, within the M&A space. and we 
have a dedicated team, and we have a programmatic M&A program that we run in-house where 
we are constantly engaging, with prospects within the travel tech space and evaluating 
opportunities as they kind of come across. The three focus areas for us are in terms of - adding 
further, front ofϐice, product capabilities that would ϐit well within our existing ecosystem of 
products. Well, and allow us to do more with our existing customers. The other would be to look 
at getting deeper into certain geographies and within that the US and the European markets 
continue to be the kind of key focus markets for us. And, on the third basis where we look at 
competition. At an opportunistic level where we can get the right companies at the right valuation. 
So we continue to evaluate, evaluate opportunities and have a healthy pipeline in tow as of right 
now and are engaging with some potential targets. With that being said, we've demonstrated this 
in the past that we are ϐiscally very prudent in terms of what we are willing to pay for an 
acquisition and want to continue being mindful to be able to deliver value in that respect. So we 
feel we've developed our M&A playbook and continue to ϐine tune with each of the past 
acquisitions and will continue to evaluate complementary opportunities within the travel tech 
space.  
 
Thomas P. Joshua: Thanks Divik for that update. As there are a lot of questions that we've 
received, we would respond to the unanswered questions raised by the members within a 
reasonable time from the conclusion of this meeting. Now, I would request our Chairman to 
conclude the meeting with a vote of thanks. 
 
Bhanu Chopra: Ladies and Gentlemen, there being no other business to transact, I hereby 
conclude the 12th AGM of the Company and thank you all for your digniϐied presence. Thank you! 
