SIMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
Correspondence 
SAMHI 
Lid 
Tel: +91 124 4910100 
Fax 
44910199 
wwiw sambi.coin 
19" November 2024 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Maharashtra, India 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: 
Transcripts of Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on 
Monday, 11% November 2024 at 11:30 a.m. IST. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director- Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: 4s above
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2024.11.19 
18:43:02 +05'30'

Hl 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 11, 2024 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 11 November 2024 will prevail. 
cnond 
=———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENT §e 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GYANA DAS — EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT & HEAD (INVESTMENTS) 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — VICE PRESIDENT (INVESTMENTS) 
Page 1 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SAMHI Hotels Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As areminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*", then "0" on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala — Chairman & Managing Director, 
SAMHI Hotels. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to SAMHI Hotels Eamings Call for the quarter 
ending September 30, 2024. 
I have with me today Gyana Das, who is EVP and Head of Investments, Rajat, who is the Chief 
Financial Officer and Nakul, who is VP of Investments. We also have on call our fnvestor 
relations advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. We have uploaded our Q2 FY25 Financials and 
Presentation on the Exchanges. And I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the 
same. 
To begin with, I will start off with some exciting new developments for our growth, along with 
a brief update on the business performance for the quarter. Post which I will request Rajat to 
give us a summary of the financial performance and then we will leave the floor open for Q&A. 
Starting off, 
I am quite pleased to announce that on 7th October, we signed a long-term variable 
lease for an existing building in the heart of HITEC City, Hyderabad, which will be converted 
into 
a 170-room upper-upscale hotel. With this and the earlier announced acquisition in 
Bangalore, Whitefield, SAMHI has secured three upper-upscale and upscale hotels with about 
525 rooms in core markets of Bangalore and Hyderabad. These three assets are all in different 
stages of development, which I will take you through one by one. 
The firstis an operating 142 room hotel in Bangalore, Whitefield, which we acquired in October 
2024. We see significant upside in the revenue and EBITDA potential of this asset, once it is 
renovated and rebranding to the upscale segment, for which, we are in advanced stages of 
discussion with an international operator. The second is an additional tower to be developed 
adjacent to the existing hotel in Whitefield. This would add another 200 to 220 rooms in the 
upper-upscale segment to be managed by the same operator. 
Page 2 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
‘We then come to the recent acquisition of the building in Hyderabad, for which we have secured 
the leasehold rights. This is located in the heart of HITEC City in Hyderabad. The building is 
being taken over on a long-term variable lease linked to revenues and we will complete the fit 
outs to convert it into an upper-upscale hotel with about 170 to 175 rooms. 
The shorter capex to revenue cycle in this development will lead to quick contribution to 
incremental revenues and EBITDA starting Financial Year 2027. Moreover, the variable lease 
nature of the development wherein our investment will be limited to the fit outs will boost both 
our return profile and also provide capital efficient growth for SAMHL. 
So, in summary, these additional 525 rooms all in the upscale and upper-upscale segments and 
in our core markets of Bangalore and Hyderabad shall materially augment the growth of our 
portfolio. Moreover, since these assets are in different stages of cither operation or completion, 
we shall ensure strong incremental revenue and EBITDA growth over the next three years to 
four years. Just as a reference on a trailing 12-month basis, the revenue in upscale hotels in 
Bangalore and Hyderabad market was upwards of Rs. 50 Lakhs per room. This demonstrates the 
true potential of the 525 rooms that we are adding to our portfolio. 
Now talking about our existing portfolio assets, we are very excited about how our core markets, 
especially Bangalore and Hyderabad continue to grow, which is also where we have secured our 
growth pipeline. This is demonstrated 
by both of these cities absorbing almost 10 million square 
feet of the 22 million square feet of office space in the first-half of Financial Year 2025 on a net 
basis. In addition, air passenger. growth in Q2 was highest in Bangalore and Hyderabad at 13% 
and 14% respectively, reinforcing our confidence to densify our presence in these two markets. 
Our operating portfolio of hotel assets are well located 
to take advantage of the sectoral tailwinds 
which reflect in delivering strong same-store revenue growth. In the last reported quarter, our 
same-store assets, which excludes the recently acquired ACIC Portfolio and the Caspia Pro in 
Greater Noida which is under pre-opening, delivered at 16.5% YoY RevPAR growth in the 
second quarter, driven by robust demand as demonstrated in the office space net absorption and 
aviation growth in our core markets. Operating performance remains strong with 13.3% YoY 
revenue growth in our same-store assets, resulting in EBITDA growth of about 20.2% leading 
to amargin expansion to almost close to 40%. As we move into seasonally stronger second-half 
of FY"25 higher revenue led primarily by ARR growth and strong flow throughs to EBITDA, 
will result in further margin expansion. 
Next is a quick update on the internal growth levers we are working on for the improvement of 
the performance of our existing hotels. The integration of the ACIC Portfolio is progressing 
smoothly as planned, contributing to a significant margin improvement approximately 590 basis 
point in Q2 FY"25 compared to H1 FY’24 which is pre acquisition. This is currently at about 
36% for the quarter. We have also completed the renovation and rebranding of the 137 room 
Caspia Pro in Greater Noida and to be reopened as Holiday Inn Express. In addition, the 165- 
room new hotel in Calcutta and Bangalore also under the Holiday Inn Express brand have been 
Page 3 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
completed. Al these 300 rooms are currently under pre opening and should start contributing to 
revenues in the next few weeks. 
We have also received approval to convert the commercial block in our Sheraton, Hyderabad 
assets into 42 additional rooms. And in addition, we are converting some of the public areas to 
10 additional guest rooms. All of this should get operational by Q3 to Q4 of FY26. Hyderabad 
being a strong market, this will have a significant impact on the revenue and the EBITDA 
potential of that asset and our portfolio. However, we do see some short-term impact of about 
Rs. 2 crores per quarter, which was the rent coming from the commercial block, till such time 
we have not operationalized the guest rooms. 
Our intemal projects also include conversion of the two mid scale ACIC hotels in Pune and 
Jaipur to the upscale segment and the room expansion in Hyatt Regency, Pune and Fairfield, 
Sriperumbudr, all of which have been summarized on Page 27 of our quarterly presentation. 
The combination of the above that is strong same-store growth, the internal growth levers that 
I 
just mentioned above and the three new upscale projects in Bangalore and Hyderabad that we 
have secured, shall continue to drive a sustainable compounding of revenue and EBITDA and 
create significant value for our shareholders. 
While the growth initiatives require capital, most of these are being funded from our cash and 
interal accruals with quick turnaround of these hotels as only one has a long-lead time, we 
expect to see material growth in our EBITDA in the near-term. In addition, we are progressing 
to recycle some capital through sale of few non strategic assets. All this together gives us high 
degree of confidence of maintaining a very high growth without compromising on the quality of 
our balance sheet. 
1 will now hand over the line to Rajat to take you through the “Financial Summary” for the 
Quarter. Rajat. Over to you. 
Rajat Mehra: 
Thank you, Ashish and good morning, everyone. It gives me intense pleasure to announce 
SAMHI’s financial performance for the quarter ending September 30th, 2024. Our asset income, 
which captures the revenue generated fiom hotels, stood at Rs. 266 crores, registering a YoY 
growth of 20% as compared to the same quarter last year. This is driven by good same-store 
growth and the addition of ACIC Portfolio. Same-store assets saw a strong RevPAR growth of 
16.5% YoY. This helped us maintain a 13% same-store revenue growth with MICE and F&B 
revenue recovering after a muted Q1. 
Our asset EBITDA, which captures hotel level profitability, stood at Rs. 104 crores, registering 
a YoY growth of 28% 
as compared to the same quarter last year. Asset EBITDA margin stood 
at 39.11% being diluted by the impact of ACIC Portfolio, which stood at 36% for the quarter. 
With ACIC Portfolio conversion 
to managed hotels under Marriott now completed, we should 
see material marginal improvement over the coming quarters. 
Page 4 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
Our corporate G&A and ESOP expenses were stable at Rs. 2.3 crores and Rs. 4.4 crores 
respectively. On the basis of this, 
I am happy to report that our reported consolidated EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 97 crores, registering an 80% YoY growth as compared to the same quarter last 
year. Consolidated margin too have reached to 36% with material headroom for further growth. 
Depreciation expense and finance cost has been stable at Rs. 29 crores and Rs. 56 crores 
respectively, leading to a reported PAT of Rs. 12.6 crores. As Ashish mentioned, the seasonally 
strong H2 should result in material expansion of PAT as compared to H1 levels on the back of 
higher EBITDA and stable depreciation and finance costs. 
From a capital structure perspective, our net debt as on 30th of September 2024 stood at about 
Rs. 1,880 crores with a cost of debt of 9.5%. Also, our average tenure of the debt is now more 
than 10 years, this provides us with a very conducive leverage environment for our business. 
Post the acquisition of Bangalore, the net debt increased to Rs. 2,080 crores. However, of this, 
Rs. 300 crores is allocable towards investment in growth, including the assets as Ashish 
‘mentioned are in pre-opening. 
The Hyderabad lease requires very little capital upfront and hence has an inconsequential impact 
on our net debt. With sustainable growth in EBITDA due to strong performance of our existing 
hotels and ongoing growth initiative. And as Ashish had mentioned earlier, with some capital 
recycling, we are confident of continuing to strengthen our balance sheet and reduce the overall 
leverage in the near-term. 
With this, 
T shall open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish, I had a question on the HITEC City micro market. If you can talk a bit more about the 
market in terms of occupancies and ARRs for similar price hotels in the market? And when you 
compare this versus Whitefield, so HITEC City obviously has a much higher supply of branded 
rooms, how do you see this in terms of demand supply and the rate of playing out in this market? 
And rather this you can also reiterate what kind of CAPEX do you envisage for the Bangalore 
and Hyderabad properties put together and timelines for the same in FY 25, FY’26 and FY’27? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan, first of all, I think we have been tracking Hyderabad market, as you know, we have as of 
today 4 hotels in that market and our assessment is that HITEC is an extremely strong market. 
We have a small Holiday Inn Express there, which outperforms the rest of the portfolio. You are 
absolutely right, Hyderabad HITEC City market is far more mature than many other markets, 
has a reasonable existing pace of supply, but that has performed extremely strong. So, the data 
available to us for FY’24 demonstrates that the average rate of the competitive set was almost 
Rs. 12,400 and the RevPAR was about Rs. 9,200. Also, it is important to note is that the RevPAR 
saw a growth of almost 26% YoY in FY*24 vis a vis FY"23. 
Page 5 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
So, this clearly demonstrates what we have been kind of reiterating for the last several quarters 
that the strong growth in the office market, the strong growth in the aviation market and the fact 
is there’s very little new supply in that market is providing very strong tailwinds to Hyderabad 
and also to micro markets like HITEC City. So, we have acquired this existing building in an 
extremely strong performing market with very little new supply threat in the foreseeable future. 
And given the fact the building is already ready and we expect to operationalize it in the next 6 
odd quarters, we expect to take benefit of those tailwinds and really have no sight of new supply. 
Iwill take a pause. Karan, if you have any follow on questions on the market. But it’s a very 
strong market, growing in double-digits Yo and no new supply. 
Karan Khanna: 
Rajat, just update on the kind of capex that you envisage for both Bangalore and Hyderabad in 
next two years to three years? 
Rajat Mehra: 
Sure, Karan. So, Bangalore, as we say, there are two assets predominantly. One is an operating 
hotel which has got 140 rooms. To rebrand that hotel, we are expected to spend close to about 
Rs. 70 crores to Rs. 80 crores over the next 12 to 18 months. On the additional inventory of our 
200 to 220 rooms, we are looking at spending about Rs. 270-0dd crores. This should get spent 
over the next approximately 3 years or so. On the Hyderabad asset, there is about Rs. 180 crores 
to Rs. 190 crores is the total CAPEX. Since that’s got a shorter time to the market, we are 
expecting this to be spent over the next 18 to 24 months. 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish, second question, with these acquisitions and these developments, how do you envisage 
the balance sheet moving forward in terms of net debt to EBITDA, any changes to your previous 
guidance for FY’26 and FY’27? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, Karan, as you remember, we had done an update call post the Bangalore acquisition, wherein 
we did the math, we had an intended target of 3.5x, 3.6x net debt to EBITDA end of FY’25 
because of the Bangalore acquisition, where wehave spent about Rs. 205 crores to Rs. 210 crores 
some more expense towards that asset by the end of the year. On our base of our financial 
statements, the leverage will be about 4.5x net debt to EBITDA. If we, however, allocate the 
capital that we have invested in the Bangalore asset. we will get to about 3.7, 3.8x net debt to 
EBITDA. 
Our capital recycling efforts are going on, of course we need a counterparty. But as we 
materialize them, we expect to get close to the 3.7x net debt to EBITDA with the Bangalore 
acquisition. Hyderabad is a very interesting Karan, because honestly, our upfront investment in 
that asset, which is land, building, all the MEP equipment is lower than Rs. 20 crores. And 
therefore, has inconsequential impact on our balance sheet as of today. Also, in the last quarter, 
our net free cash generated post interest servicing was about Rs. 45 crores. As we get into the 
seasonally stronger Q3, Q4, we expect the cash generation to be substantially higher than the 
Rs. 45 crores we have done in quarter 2. So, therefore, a lot of capital that is going into the 
renovation, rebranding of the existing Bangalore asset and completion of Hyderabad 
is 
happening through internal accruals or the cash that we have. 
Page 6 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
So, no new debt is being assumed as of date for these two completions and therefore, we should 
‘maintain the guidance that we had given you and including the Bangalore acquisition, we should 
be in the zip code of about 4.5x. And depending on the success of the capital recycling effort, 
we should be able to bring the leverage down closer to the 3.7, 3.8 zip code. 
Karan Khanna: 
The second question, Ashish, you had six hotels which you moved from franchising into 
‘management contract with Mariott. So, has been the initial response? Has there been any uptake 
that you are seeing because of those efforts taken by the Mariott team? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, Karan, these are 6 hotels which were ACIC Portfolio. The transition to the management 
contract happened in October of the current year. So, it’s just been a month. We have already 
seen a significant improvement in the operating margin, but that has been an effort going on for 
the last two-three quarters. As we speak, there is an effort to change the business mix 5o to say, 
that will have an impact on two or three parameters. The first s really the source of the business 
and we are clearly expecting over the next few quarters, the contribution of OTAs to reduce that 
has a direct impact on the margins improving because theres a commission attached to that. 
And the second is in markets like, especially Hyderabad and Pune, we really expect to rationalize 
the pricing and see a growth in average room rates of these hotels. So, we are seeing results as 
we had anticipated in terms of what's happening to ACIC. And then, of course, it is important 
to add for the audience that of those six hotels, two hotels are currently being planned to be 
completely rebranded and repositioned in the higher segment. So, the Four Points in Pune and 
the Four Points in Jaipur are being planned to be rebranded as Courtyard by Marriott and as part 
of the Tribute Collection by Marriott. 
So, Karan, Iwill take that opportunity to highlight one significant change in SAMEHI because of 
the three acquisitions and also because of these two rebrandings, what is happening is that the 
share of our upscale portfolio is materially changing to our overall portfolio. So, if you see, 
historically, we have had about 1,074 rooms in the upscale segment of the total 4,800 rooms. 
With all of this that we are doing, we are expecting the total inventory to grow from 4,800 to 
about 5.600. But of that 5,600 almost about 1,900 rooms will be in the upscale segment. The 
second important point to note is that in FY24, we have seen the upscale hotel performance to 
be almost 2x in terms of revenue per key to our portfolio average. 
Both these three acquisitions plus the two conversions are actually helping us to significantly 
reconfigure our own portfolio and have a much higher share of the upscale where we expect the 
revenue per key to be at least twice that of the portfolio average. So, I just thought, I will grab 
the opportunity to explain this particular one which is related both to the three acquisition and 
also to the two conversions we are doing in the ACIC Portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pavas Pethia from Aditya Birla Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 7 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
Pavas Pethia: 
Ashish, Thave a question about this HITEC City hotel. Is this one-off kind of thing or there could 
be many more kind of this variable lease which could be available for you? Something like 
which is already a ready building. And secondly when you spoke about this Rs. 160 crores - Rs. 
170 crores of CAPEX and it’s just the fit-out CAPEX, isn't it expensive for say Rs. 1 crores per 
key investment? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, Pavas, there are two questions really, one is the opportunity set and the second is your 
response from the CAPEX per key. So, on the first one, we think that unless I have missed 
something historically, this would potentially be one of the first. I can’t claim the first, but one 
of the first office building conversions to a hotel. I think this is really important because over the 
last 13 years, SAMHI has demonstrated its capabilities to continue to grow, finding different 
opportunities to suit different market cycles. And often people used to wonder as to how 
would 
we grow that the hotels are performing really well. I think here is our answer, that we have 
always been creative to find opportunities to grow our business. 
We already have, prior to Hyderabad, we already had seven hotels. All in Holiday Inn Express 
portfolio where we had what we call variable long-term leases. And let me explain this for the 
audience, variable means that the rent is being paid as a percentage of revenue. And beyond the 
first three to five years, there is really no, so to speak committed rent that we have to pay and 
that’s just to manage unforeseen liabilities. And the long-term means that the leases have to be 
in the zip code of 40 to 60 years. So, we already had seven hotels, but all in the Holiday Inn 
Express portfolio. And therefore, their revenue contribution was approximately 13% to the total 
portfolio. 
Now as we continue to pursue growth, it is important that we find a capital efficient way and I 
will be cautious to say asset light, Pavas, because we believe that in a market like India where 
growth tends to be slightly lesser than you would see for our sector and other economies, you 
really don’t want to go so asset light that you only have assets for 10 to 20 years and you only 
get 5% to 10% of the revenue. You want to work hard in this market to get 80% to 90% of the 
revenue if not 100% and have the assets with you for decades, so that they can benefit as the 
micro markets transition in those cities. So, for us, being capital efficient is more important and 
variable lease provides a phenomenal opportunity for doing so. 
We had indicated historically that we would like to make sure that the percentage of revenue 
coming from variable leases should go from 13% to about 20% in the near-term and about 25% 
in the long-term. And Hyderabad provides us an immense opportunity to kind of follow that path 
because this is the first upper-upscale hotel that we have on a variable lease model, where the 
revenue per key is substantially higher. We do think this opens up an avenue of new growth for 
SAMHI, where we can to adoptive conversion of non hotel buildings and buildings which are 
not finding commercially viable landing in their respective micro markets, but can be great 
hotels. And therefore, we completely believe that this opens up a new avenue for our growth in 
the future. So, that’s part one. 
Page 8 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
Part two is your comment on CAPEX per key. So, this hotel is being converted to an upper- 
upscale segment, where on an early assessment basis, we believe that about Rs. 1 crore per key 
continues to be at a substantial discount to what an upper-upscale hotel would be. We would 
request a little patience, because in the next few weeks we will also confirm to you the brand 
partnerships we have in Hyderabad and also in Bangalore. And post which, I think you would 
be fairly convinced, that the overall investment that we are making in Hyderabad is at a material 
discount to what would it take to build a similar category of hotel on the same spot. 
Pavas Pethia: 
Sure. And just lastly on this overall number of keys, in presentation, one is 4,800 other is 4,040 
in the second last page. So, what is the existing number and how the ramp up to this 5,600 
happens? You have given some guidance for the next quarter, what’s getting added? But if you 
could give a much more granular pathway to this 5,600 keys? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
I will do that. So, prior to the acquisition of the Bangalore asset, we had 4,800 rooms in our 
portfolio. Post 4th October we have added 142 rooms to our portfolio and that’s why you see 
that number going past 4,900 rooms. To that you have to add about 327 rooms, which is internal 
growth. I'm referring to actually Slide #0 of our investor presentation. So, 327 rooms are added 
through, rooms being added in our existing portfolio, which includes 76 rooms in the upper- 
upscale upscale, which is the Sheraton, Hyderabad and Hyatt Regency, Pune. We are actually 
adding inventory to both these existing hotels. 
We are adding 86 rooms to our upper mid-scale portfolio, which is largely the hotel in 
Sriperumbudur, we are adding a block. And we are adding about 165 rooms to our Holiday Inn 
Express platform through the opening of Holiday Inn Express, Kolkata and additional rooms in 
Bangalore. So, that’s 327. Over 4800 plus 327 plus 142 plus we will also add about 200, 220 
rooms in Bangalore in our second phase. Then we have Hyderabad in lease of about 170 rooms. 
So, when you add all of this together, actually numerically it is 5,640 rooms. That’s how the 
transition from 4,800 to 5,640 rooms is. 
All of this is today assets owned by the company and are ot subject to any second, third-party 
race for acquisition. And for now, we have also excluded Navi Mumbai from this, where the 
matter continues to be sub-judice and therefore we do not find the confidence level to add that 
inventory to the portfolio. But there’s an additional 350 room opportunity with the company and 
as it is still with us. But without that it’s about 5,600 rooms. 
Pavas Pethia: 
Yes, actually 
I was looking for the timelines rather than the actual key numbers. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Sorry, sorry. So, in terms of timeline, we are currently at 4,900 rooms. The mid-scale inventory 
0f 165 rooms will be added, Pavas, should be added before the end of November. We could have 
some OC delays in Calcutta, but plus minus you could say that in the next few weeks 165 rooms 
will be added 
to 4,900 rooms. So, we will cross 5,000 rooms within the current calendar year. 
Then the addition in Hyatt Regency, Pune and Sheraton, Hyderabad will be completed before 
Page 9 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
the end of the next fiscal year. So, before we end FY’26, you will have an incremental about 150 
to 160 rooms being added to our portfolio. 
The Hyderabad lease of 170 rooms will be added in FY*27. Our expectation is in the end of first- 
half, the hotel should get operational. And then the last 220 rooms will be added in Bangalore 
which Rajat had earlier mentioned is about three years period. So, that’s really the timeline of 
growth in the portfolio. 165 within the current calendar year, the balance is being done 76 rooms 
in the next, I would say 6 to 9 months. Sriperumbudur is the only one which will take another 
18 odd months. Hyderabad, as I said, end of H1 FY*27 and Bangalore in three years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please 
g0 ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, T just want to understand this arrangement in the HITEC City a bit better, especially fiom 
the lessor perspective. Because I mean, if he has a corporate tenant, then it provides a fixed 
annuity stream, versus having a hotel operator, whereby his income is linked to the revenue that 
we eam. So, what can be the rationale for him to switch from a corporate tenant to a hotel 
operator? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, Jinesh, a couple of pointers here. First of all, every real asset needs 
to go through a best use 
analysis. And what we have scen as often in India, unless you are not a part of a large business 
or an office park, the rentals in standalone office buildings tend to be at a discount to what would 
be considered a grade A office rent in a business or an IT park. The second is that even a building 
owner s a businessman. And he can clearly sce the fact that while offices are being added at 8 
to 10 million square feet a year, hotel addition in some of these markets is now slowing down to 
2% or 3% a year, which means that the revenue growth from the hotel tends to be fairly healthy. 
And therefore, when you combine the two and our ability to bring a strong product and a strong 
brand, assures and owner to give his building to us, partner with us for a period 0f 40 to 60 years 
actually. And really be satisfied to take a percentage of the hotel revenue as its lease rent. So, 
I 
would not say that every owner would do this, but I think there are unique opportunities where 
combination of the existing building, the existing market opportunity between commercial office 
space and hotel. And also the reputation that we have built in terms of how we can sweat these 
assets, helps us get some of these variable leases. This is not the first one. This will be the 8t 
one in our portfolio. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
And secondly, till the time we rebuild this building into a hotel, there will be some revenue loss 
to the owner, so are we supposed to compensate for that or how s the arrangement over here? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
As of today, it is an empty building. It’s a ready building built for an office, but has no tenants. 
There’s really no tenancy loss to the owner. 
Page 10 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
Jinesh Joshi: 
And one last question from my side, in this arrangement, I believe the entire revenue and the 
P&L will belong to us and we just pay our rent to the owner, which is linked 
to the revenue. Is 
that understanding correct? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Jinesh, absolutely right. So, the way it will impact our P&L is as follows, we have taken a long- 
term lease on the assets. So, 100% of the revenue comes to us. As a part of our operating expense, 
we will a pay rent to the owner. There will be some minimum guarantees for the first three years 
to five years. Those minimum guarantees under Indian accounting standards will come below 
EBITDA, but in the long-term because beyond five-year period it’s all linked to the revenue of 
the hotel, it will come above EBITDA as an operating expense. And then obviously we will 
report EBITDA after paying the rent to him. So, the entire P&L continues to be with us. He gets 
a percentage of revenue as a lease rent which becomes an operating expense for us in the long- 
term. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sorry, sir, one last question, is the percentage fixed? And what is the percentage which we will 
be sharing with him? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, we can’t share the percentage, Jinesh, because these are bilateral transactions. The 
percentage remains fixed because the lease is very long-term, we typically may have a staggered 
approach where after the first 20 years, 25 years we give a small incentive in terms of the 
percentage increasing. But largely, the percentage remains fixed through the tenure of the lease. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nirvana Laha from Badrinath 
Holdings. Please go ahiead. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Ashish, in the press release for this Hyderabad long-term lease, you had said that the post 
development cost will be lower than replacement cost. So, just trying to understand, how you 
are calculating this. So, the CAPEX that we will do on this is about Rs. 180 crores, Rs. 190 
crores, if I heard right, this added 
to the lease asset that will sit on our balance sheet as we add 
these together. You are saying that this will be lower than the cost of constructing a hotel from 
the ground up in that locality, is that understanding correct? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana, absolutely right. So, whenever we looked at a leasehold asset, it will be improper to 
ignore the cost of the lease. And therefore, you have to take the value of the lease added to your 
capital investment to determine what's your total capital and whether it is at discount or 
replacement cost or not. 
Nirvana Laha: 
And right now the replacement cost for a hotel of this profile per room would be how much, if 
you can indicate? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana, only thing s, as I said, we will announce the brand partuership in the next few days. 
But the upper-upscale segment in heart of HITEC City, Hyderabad, if we take the last few reports 
done by Hotel Consulting Firms, the construction cost is being stated 
to be in the zip code of Rs. 
Page 11 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
1.5 crores, Rs. 2 crores per key and on top of that you have to add the land cost. So, typically 
land cost, I’m reluctant to say anything about land cost because we are not in that business. But 
typically, the land cost tends to about 30% of the total project cost. So, you are looking at just 
the construction cost of an upper-upscale hotel in heart of Hyderabad 
to be in the zip code of Rs. 
1.5 crores to Rs. 2 crore. 
On top of that, you have to add land cost and Nirvana, not to forget, if you start building a hotel, 
you have to also add the time value of money. And typically, it takes you about three to four 
years to get a hotel up and running. So, that’s why developing new hotels tend to get, in our 
opinion, faitly expensive, the margin of error is not very comforting. Whereas, when you do 
acquisitions and on top of that, you do acquisitions in a manner where you are effectively 
transferring part of the value of the hotel linked to the revenue of the hotel in future, you 
effectively are able to kind of create a much larger, much higher margin of error, which I think 
is absolutely critical in a business like ours. 
Nirvana Laha: 
T will understand better as you declare more. Next question is on the market overall, so if I look 
at your upper-upscale and upper mid-scale, the occupancy on a Q-o-Q basis dropped by 200 bps 
and 100 bps, respectively. That was one data point that I thought was interesting. And the other 
one in terms of airline traffic, it has been faily static over the last four quarters. It’s not able to 
breach beyond the 70 million mark, I think on your PPTs. So, any comments on the overall 
demand scenario for you specifically and also for the overall industry? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, Nirvana the demand scenario s to be faily stable. I think quarter-on-quarter, a little drop for 
growth in occupancy levels is just an operational adjustments. We have seen RevPAR grow 
pretty strong across all segments actually. Just Nakul, if you can take into the slide on the 
RevPAR. So, if you see upper-upscale RevPAR growth was about 16% in quarter two. Upper 
mid scale was about 21%. So, you know both these segments continue to grow pretty strong in 
terms of RevPAR. There’s always quarter-on-quarter rate versus occupancy adjustment, but 
RevPAR is what we look at. 
I think you've asked a very important relevant question, which is we are seeing a stable airline 
passenger movement and Nirvana there are no surprises there. It's completely constrained by 
capacity. So, if you saw the Indigo results, they did mention that there were significant amount 
of grounding of their aircrafis because of engine issues. And when the market leaders who has, 
I don’t know you guys will know better, but 60% market share of the total aviation market in 
India has constraints on capacity. It obviously reflects overall passenger numbers. 
We actually think that because the aitline capacity takes a little bit of time to be added because 
of the fact that this is really a duopoly between Airbus and Boeing as the capacity gets sorted 
and at least between Air India and Indigo, they start adding more aircraft. You should see an 
unleashing of the passenger moment, because it’s really at the brim right now in terms of 
capacity. It’s a capacity constraint issue when you look at the office space on the other side, it 
Page 12 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
should tell you that a lot more people are occupying office spaces in India and therefore, 
naturally a lot of people want to travel, but it"s really a capacity constraint issue right now. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Last question if T may, so on your net debt to EBITDA, sorry I missed what you had said eatlier 
on the call. So, I think you said you’ll end the year around 2,100 and you are maintaining a 
guidance of 4.5x net debt to EBITDA, did I catch that right without assets. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Yes, 
it is right, Nirvana. We have about Rs. 180 crores cash and now most of our growth is 
coming from internal accruals and cash. So, we should maintain that net debt level till the end 
of the fiscal year. 
Nirvana Laha: 
And when you report this number, do you report it on a pre-ESOP EBITDA basis or is that the 
post— ESOP EBITDA that this ratio that you can? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pre ESOP. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: 
1 just have one question and this is something which I as an investor is thinking about. 
I mean in 
terms of growth versus the balance sheet discipline, while I see the net debt to EBITDA over the 
years have come down a lot. But just want to understand from your end, let’s say if we think 
about next six quarters, are we done with pretty much whatever we wanted to acquire? Or let’s 
say hypothetically, for if a good deal comes, which will, it’s a Rs. 200 crores, Rs. 300 crores 
deal, it will take your net debt to Rs. 2,100-odd Rs. 2,200-odd. Are you willing to still stress that 
number and take that deal or? Right now, we are more focusing on executing on whatever assets 
that we have? So, just want to understand from your point of view, how do you think about 
growth worthy, maintaining the balance sheet discipline? 
And where I'm coming from Ashish, is the fact that while you have done your assessment in 
terms of how the demand will pan out. Historically, this industry has been cyclical, right? So, 
let’s assume for whatever reason, things o wrong or something like COVID happens then this 
net debt level is still very, very high, because the denominator will just vanish quickly, right? 
So, how do you think between growth and discipline on the net debt part? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Thank you so much for your question, so, first of all, let me objectively state that where we are 
today, we feel that we have secured a fairly exciting growth pipeline for SAMHL And therefore, 
we are not likely to do a large acquisition. Most of our growth pipeline are variable leases where 
honestly the upfront capital is almost negligible. So, to answer you, you can safely assume that, 
we have committed significantly to the growth of the business. And here a lot of our focus over 
the next few quarters is going to be executing on these opportunities so that we can actually 
deliver the EBITDA from these assets. That’s part one. Part two is in terms of leverage and I 
think we have over the last few quarters articulated our comfort level,, which is that in the near- 
Page 13 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
term we would want to see the business in the zip code of about 3.5x and over a medium-term 
also we need to take it down to less than 3x. 
Given the fact that all of our debt is now long tenor, which is more than 10 years, a less than 3x 
net debt to EBITDA is a very, very comfortable position including kind of creating scenarios for 
a fairly downside few quarters. And I think that’s happening on account of the fact that whatever 
growth capex we have invested, which is effectively going to take our net debt to EBITDA from 
that 3.5, 3.6x to 4.4, 4.5x in the short-term. But in the near-term, which is once these hotels get 
operational, they materially start helping us lower the net debt to EBITDA levels. If we had 
invested this capital in Greenfield, I would have been very worried because honestly, you keep 
investing capital for multiple years before you see EBITDA. But in our case, as we fnvest the 
capital, it’s a matter of a few quarters before you start seeing them back of that investment 
coming in terms of your bottom line. 
And the last bit, which I cannot probably reiterate enough, is the fact that we have committed 
disclosed intent to recycle some of our capital. And I think it’s safe to assume Hyderabad as we 
mentioned is largely a cash neutral transaction because of its structure. The money that we 
invested in Bangalore, we are more than confident that over the next few quarters we should be 
able to recycle that by divesting some of our non-strategic assets, which really don’t have any 
‘material impact to our EBITDA. So, when you combine the overall strategy that we have in 
place, which is a strong growth in our carnings, putting our money in assets which can bring 
short-term growth to revenue and EBITDA and add on top of that the fact that we have some 
capital recovery expected from capital recycling, we feel very confident that we will be able to 
deliver the leverage targets. And we are very respectful of the fact that the business needs to be 
prepared for an unforeseen down cycle, whether it’s a few quarters or longer than that. We have 
suffered and therefore as a management team, let me assure you, we can never be indignant to 
that scenario. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Just a follow-up. See, again, when you give a target of net debt to EBITDA, there is an implied 
assumption in terms of how the EBITDA will grow. And when the unforeseen circumstances 
come that EBITDA will not play out. So, is there a hard stop or a hard target on where you want 
to get an absolute net debt number to in let’s say two to three years? And largely, are we willing 
to take a proposal to go to raise equity to bring down our net debt to equity level in let’s say, I 
mean in the near-term? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
I will answer the second one. I think given the fact that SAMEI is a professionally managed 
company. Both our intent and our ability to recapitalize the company as and when the need arises 
or probably let me assure you ahead of the need arises is rather simple and straightforward. 
However, having said that, there is a lot of to-do’s that we had to deliver, we believe we are on 
track to deliver promises that we had made last year and what we have been discussing over the 
quarters. So, we are fairly confident that given that it’s a professionally managed company and 
the board has a fiduciary to maintain a good quality balance sheet. That path is probably simpler 
Page 14 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
than SAMHI as relative to it would be in some other companies. So, that’s part one of your 
question. 
Part two, I think in terms of the absolute net debt level, Prolin honestly, the answer depends on 
how we assess the EBITDA to be. So, you are absolutely right, I'm not trying to evade giving 
you a number, but in all standards, the board and the management will make an assessment of 
what is a very highly achievable number over the next two to three years, not really underwrite 
very high market growth, largely underwrite depend upon income the investments that we have 
made. So, it’s fair to assume that you take the FY"24 EBITDA on stable assets, you estimate the 
EBITDA coming from the growth initiatives that you've invested. And bases that you calculate 
what your net debt levels should be. 
I think what we typically are reluctant to do is when we are looking at leverage in the company, 
make very bold assessment or assumptions about where our existing portfolio will be headed. 
So, when we talk about future EBITDA, it’s largely about executing on the growth that we have 
invested in and not necessarily underwriting a very high growth of EBITDA from existing pool 
of assets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Yash Dedhia from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. I request you to restrict to two questions please. 
Yash Dedhia: 
Sir, one thing is how much of tax loss are we carrying in our balance sheet which can be set off 
against future tax? 
Rajat Mehra: 
Tax losses, so these are close to around Rs. 2,500 crores of total PAT losses that we carry 
forward. With the 25% tax rate, you know 25% of the Rs. 2 and half thousand or Rs. 2,500 crores 
is what we will actually see as a deferred tax impact on the balance sheet. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, effectively to simplify, we on other than some leakages in our subsidiary level, Yash largely 
we expect to remain zero tax company for the foreseeable future, given the fact that we are 
carrying about Rs. 2,500 crores of losses, which gives us about Rs. 600 odd crores of tax shield. 
But to be clear, you know taxes are applicable at an entity level, so there could be small tax 
leakages at one o two subsidiaries. But largely, we will remain to be a zero-tax company. 
Rajat Mehra: 
You know, with the current assessment that we have done, we don’t see any of our subsidiary 
actually will be paying taxes over the next three years. And depending upon the kind of 
investment that we make in capex and otherwise, this may actually get deferred further. But as 
of now, the earliest one will be probably in three years. But beyond that, it will be probably 
ranging to six years or eight years. 
Yash Dedhia: 
And on the recycling basis, so how do we look at our current portfolio like you know obviously 
we are trying to probably increase the mix in favor of upper-upscale. But what's the velocity 
behind, what kind of hotels are there because We were under the impression that everything 
Page 15 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
which is under our engine is running smoothly and efficiently already. So, then what becomes 
non-core and why are they getting sold? And if they are getting sold then what kind of multiples 
on EBITDA are we looking at? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, Yash, very interesting. I think everything is doing well but, I wish. 
I would think 90% of our 
portfolio is doing really well, 10% can do a lot better. But that’s not the reason, what's not doing 
better. We will work hard to make sure it does good. But there are certain assets where we expect 
the markets to be not as exciting as we want them to be. So, for instance, if you look at markets 
like Hyderabad or Bangalore or Pune, these are four markets or Delhi for instance, the NCR. 
These are four markets for us. These are markets which give us the confidence that theyll 
continue to grow anywhere between high single-digits to early double-digits revenue growth 
which is what we want. And you saw our same store asset where the revenue growth was 13%, 
the EBITDA growth was 20%. So, that’s the sort of operating leverage We carry. 
So, even if the larger portfolio grows between 9% to 11% total revenue growth, we remain fairly 
excited about how our earnings growth will be, especially given our financing cost is coming 
down, depreciation remains stable. So, we really see a very strong operating momentum in 
SAMHI over the next few quarters. But yes, there are a few assets where we don’t expect the 
market to support us in terms of delivering that double-digit revenue growth. And we on the 
contrary have secured markets like Hyderabad and Bangalore where we are very, very convinced 
given the data that is available that our money being deployed in those markets will help us 
‘maintain and secure double-digit revenue growth. 
So, it’s all about reallocating capital from assets and markets where wWe expect the revemue 
growth to be substantially lower than what we are seeking as a company. And this helps us make 
sure that we maintain high growth without exerting any pressure on our balance sheet and also 
take concerns about constantly reducing our leverage. So, it’s a strategy of balancing growth 
with balance sheet, using the capital that we have stuck in some of our assets. Now I will be 
reluctant to exactly tell you the market, because I don’t want potential buyer to start discounting 
those markets. So, 
I will stay away from saying which market we have our own opinion, but we 
do feel we have to reallocate capital from some assets and market where our excitement is far 
lesser than our excitement about the rest of the portfolio. And that’s something which has 
nothing to do with cycle, nothing to do with what we have done in those assets historically, it’s 
all about future proofing our business and I think every two or three years you'll see some 
rebalancing of our portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Tnvestments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
My question is on the line for ACIC hotel, we have now two quarters back-to-back seeing 
RevPAR growth of double digit. Now, T mean, in this year that is 13% and 16% and last year 
‘we have seen like consistently between 15% and 18%. So, can we continue to see this RevPAR 
Page 16 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
growth going ahead for quarter three and quarter four as well? We have been consistently doing 
that 15%, 17% on YoY basis. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vignesh, I think, 
I would maintain our long-stated view that sustainable total revenue growth in 
our markets will be in the zip code of high single-digits to carly double-digits. We obviously 
expect to keep beating that if we continue to get the tailwinds that they’re getting. But 
I would T 
myself, my team and 
I would advise our investors to feel comfortable and happy if the markets 
give high-single digits to early double-digits RevPAR growth. We believe that most of the large 
markets have the right economics in terms of demand and supply. But you know it’s also a 
business which is very temperamental and there are often quarters when one single event or lack 
of an event can kind of disturb those averages. But that’s really the long-term sustainable growth 
that we are targeting from our same store of assets. 
However, we as a company feel that we have a lot more ammunition to kind of beat the market 
averages and that’s happening through what we classify as internal growth projects and they’ve 
been articulated well on our presentations, I will not go into the details. But all of the internal 
growth projects that you see are really an effort for us to make sure that we constantly beat 
averages and that’s really perfect job of a management team in a strong market that can you beat 
the averages. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Second question from my side is the movement that we are seeing in upper-upscale from 1,070 
rooms that we have and yes we estimate that it could reach 1,900. So, two things on this part, 
T 
wanted to understand. First thing is what is the timeline, if you could guide me on around which 
quarter? And second is it that the movement of 900, almost 800 rooms that is getting added to 
upper-upscale is the majority of that coming from ACIC Portfolio? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
No. So, if you see the breakup of approximately 900 rooms, 525 rooms is the three acquisitions 
that we have made. 76 rooms is the growth of inventory in our existing operating assets. So, 
almost 600 of these circa 900 room is coming from incremental inventory. The balance circa 
300 rooms is coming from the two conversions of the ACIC Portfolios. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And the first part of it, sir, 
I mean timeline on that? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
So, it’s really staggered and that's a good thing that our delivery of premiumization of our 
portfolio starts from the 142 rooms we acquired in Bangalore, the 76 rooms in Hyderabad and 
Pune will get added let's say by the same time next year. The Hyderabad asset will get added 
sometimes in FY"27. The second Bangalore asset will get added let’s say three years from now. 
So, the process has already started and almost I would say every six months you would see the 
upper-upscale inventory growing from the existing base of 1,000 rooms. And in a three-year 
period moving to that circa 2,000 room inventory that we are disclosed right now. 
We understand the concerns on the timeline, so we will try and update an invest the presentation 
over the next few weeks and upload it to our website, so that the investors have a clear view of 
Page 17 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
the timeline. We understand that that's one concer that probably has not been addressed 
adequately in the deck that we have uploaded. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Siddharth from Caprize Investment 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth: 
I have a small question as to, will you be raising funds to reduce your overall debt, so can we 
expect any fundraise in the short-term? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
1 think given we are a professionally managed company, unless I don’t have this discussed at 
the board level, I really don’t want to make any loose statements about it. But I will reassure, 
that given we are a professionally managed company, our ability and our intent to recapitalize 
ahead of the requirement is fairly certain. But today we have no such discussions. We have had 
discussions at the board level in terms of assessing the opportunity and the risk, but we have not 
really reached a decision until such time I will not be able to comment on the timeline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Krishna Shah from Ashika Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Kuishna Shah: 
I have one question. I wanted to understand the ramp up period for the new hotel that we are 
building. What time will it take to reach the optimum occupancy level that we target between 
70% to 75%? 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
This thing you are talking about Hyderabad, Bangalore? 
Krishna Shah: 
Yes, yes. The new hotels, yes. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Okay. So, as I said, there are three components to that. The first one is the existing operating 
142 room hotel in Bangalore, Whitefield. We expect that in the next 18-odd months, the hotel 
will get rebranded. Till then, the hotel continues to remain fully operational and at the end of 18 
months, as we renovate and rebrand the hotel, 
is when we will see a big change in its 
performance. Historically, we have seen that in existing operating assets it takes about two 
quarters to deliver a strong performance given the fact that you get time prior to the rebranding 
to take the steps that you need to. 
The second one will be Hyderabad, which we mentioned will be opening somewhere in FY"27. 
And we expect that it will take about, I would think 12 to 15 months for us to deliver strong 
performance, largely given the fact that the market is doing about a 75% occupancy, very strong 
rates and we don’t see any new supply in that micro market at least in the timelines that we 
expect to operationalize the hotel. So, we expect very quick stabilization of these two hotels. 
And the third one which is a new block in Bangalore Whitefield, honestly, it’s at least three years 
away from opening, so I would not comment on stabilization of that hotel yet. 
Page 18 of 19

SAMHI 
———SMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS=—— 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
November 11, 2024 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala for closing comments. 
Overto you, sir. 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Thank you everybody for your time. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we feel fairly 
confident and excited about adding this growth to our portfolio. We also remain fairly confident 
about the fact that our ability to do these long-terms lease conversions provides us a path for a 
fairly capital efficient growth in the future. We think the existing portfolio s well poised to 
continue to deliver industry-leading growth rate. And with that, I think we are looking forward 
to closing a strong FY25 and positioning SAMHI for greater success in the next year or two. 
So, with that, thank you so much for your time and we look forward to speaking to you soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of SAMHI Hotels Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 19 of 19
