 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“CSB Bank Limited  
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 24, 2024, 05.30 PM IST 
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT : MR. PRALAY MONDAL 
  MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO - CSB BANK 
 
 
  MR. B.K. DIVAKARA 
  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - CSB BANK 
 
 MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR 
   
 
 
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CSB BANK 
 
 
ANALYST 
: MR. SHIVAJI THAPLIYAL 
                                             YES SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 2 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to CSB Bank’s Q2 FY '25 Conference Call hosted 
by YES Securities.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shivaji Thapliyal from YES securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: 
Thank you, Siddhant. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all those who have joined the call.  
 
The CSB Bank management is represented by Mr. Pralay Mondal, Managing Director & CEO, 
Mr. B. K. Divakara – Executive Director and Mr. Satish Gundewar – Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We specifically thank the management of CSB Bank for giving YES Securities the opportunity 
to host their result call. The management will first be making some opening remarks after which 
we will throw the floor open for questions.  
 
I now invite the management to make their opening remarks. Pralay, over to you. 
Pralay Mondal: 
Thank you, Shivaji, and good evening.  I would like to specially thank everybody for taking the 
time to join our call today; despite so many results announcements today, including BFSI.  
 
I will give a brief understanding of what is happening globally and in our domestic market and 
then quickly move onto our results. Globally, the economy is heading towards the year-end with 
unexpected tailwinds as slowing inflation clears the path for a soft landing.  However, the impact 
of geopolitical hurdles that lie ahead is a key monitorable. Oil prices have also eased a bit despite 
the ongoing geopolitical tensions and U.S. 10-year yield has gone back to above 4%. Gold prices 
are touching new heights and is trading reasonably above $ 2,700 per troy ounce levels in dollar 
terms.  
 
The biggest support for the dollar over the last few weeks has been a shift in the Federal Reserve 
policy expectations to a more moderate easing phase after a slew of solid US economic data 
started coming in. Markets are widely expecting Fed to further cut rates by 25 basis points in 
November.  
 
On the domestic side, after the Fed rate cut of 50 bps in September, dovish outlook had 
permeated the financial markets in India as well. However, RBI maintained a status quo on the 
rates while changing the policy stance to neutral. Though retail inflation in India has been 
volatile and industrial output was marginally negative, growth outlook remains stable.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
With such economic and geopolitical background, an immediate rate cycle easing by RBI is not 
expected and we have to wait and watch for any reduction by RBI in the next few meetings. The 
recent statement by RBI Governor probably leads to status quo for some more time. The surplus 
liquidity condition may prevail for a while.  
 
Coming to CSB specifics, the highlights of performance of Q2 FY '25 were: 
On the profitability, net profit of Rs 138 crores, up by 22% Q-on-Q and 4% Y-o-Y. Bank 
continued with accelerated NPA provisioning policy of making provisions over and above the 
RBI requirements and holding the contingency provisions intact.  
 
NIM sustained at 4.3% for the quarter despite the cost of funds going up universally and the 
regulatory guidance on penal charges.  ROA was 1.5%.  
 
On the liability side, we improved the funding base significantly. Deposit grew by 25% Y-o-Y 
as against the industry growth of around 12%. CASA ratio stands up marginally above 24%.  
 
Net advances grew by 20% Y-o-Y against the industry growth of approximately 14%. Gold 
portfolio registered a growth of 28% Y-o-Y. Yield on advances for Q2 FY '25 is at 11.21% with 
an improvement of 33 bps from Q2 FY '24.  
 
On the asset quality matrices, it has remained reasonably flat quarter-on-quarter on most of the 
parameters. Slippages have been significantly lower compared to the last two quarters. GNPA 
has been 1.68%, NNPA at 0.69% and both the ratios are almost sustained at the June level. PCR 
now stands at 81.49% considering the PWO, and 59.45% without considering PWO.   
 
Bank is holding a provisioning buffer of around INR 183 crores over and above regulatory 
requirements. This is a key point because there are ways and means by which we could have 
used the additional provisions to improve our PCR, but we decided that we will have a 
conservative policy on this and we continue to hold additional provisions in excess of RBI 
guidelines.  
 
We have a robust capital base with a CRAR of 22.74% and Tier-1 ratio of 21.37%. Low 
proportion of risk-weighted assets has been sustained compared to the industry.  
 
On the shareholder value creation, book value per share is at Rs 229. EPS for the quarter is Rs 
31.65, and ROE - is close to 15% at 14.53%.  
 
On the distribution, we have a network of 802 branches and 770 ATMs as on quarter end. We 
have added 23 new branches during the first half year. On a year-on-year basis, we have added 
more than 80 branches.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
On the branch expansion side, we are on track in this fiscal. The same will be completed as 
planned in the second half because generally the second half is heavier in terms of branch 
expansion like it happened last year.  
 
To conclude, the good thing about this quarter went by is that we are back on track as far as the 
guidance on the business growth is considered, which is growth of 30% to 50% higher than the 
system trends. Actually, we are significantly higher than that this quarter.  
The strenuous efforts taken towards maintaining a balance in terms of various regulatory ratios 
like CD ratio, LCR, NSFR, etc., and keeping sufficient liquidity for advance growth has paid 
off. Borrowings are also resorted to as an additional window of fundraising based on cost 
considerations. We resorted to more borrowings, just to ensure that we have a long-term 
sustainable growth on the credit side because we cannot keep looking at the rear window and 
keep seeing that how much we need to grow. That way we cannot build a franchise. We will 
continue to have a lesser liquidity risk in the bank from the long-term growth perspective. 
 
On the profitability side and asset quality numbers, ratios are looking stable. Though the liquidity 
conditions have improved a bit, the interest rate on deposits continues to be at elevated levels, 
and we believe that this will continue for a while at a systemic level. The attractive term deposit 
rates and inclination towards other investment opportunities like mutual funds, stock markets, 
etc., continue to put pressure on the cost of funds of the banks at a systemic level, and we are no 
exception. We are not able to fully pass on the same to the borrower given the competitive 
environment in the market.  This, along with the regulatory guidance on penal interest, 
continues to impact the NIM this quarter as well. I personally feel that NIM has bottomed out 
for us, and we should start seeing better days, maybe Q4 onwards on the NIM as well. Except 
NIM, which is almost sustained at June '24 level, all other critical ratios like ROA, ROE, EPS, 
credit cost, book value per share, etc  registered improvement in Q2. Growth of other income 
was also good to negate the quantum increase in Opex resulting in better operating performance.  
 
The build phase progress is going to accelerate in the coming quarters with the planned 
implementation of CBS migration and resultant improvement and stabilization in the products, 
process, systems, etc. You will see one slide in the investor presentation on technology, which 
is basically giving clearly the rollout plans and the dates; because that is our biggest story - how 
we are rolling out the technology piece and how businesses, from the current business mix, will 
go to the  20:30:20:30 levels, which we keep talking about. This transformation will depend on 
the technology rollout. That is why we have deliberately put one slide on the technology rollout 
piece for the first time in our investor presentation. While these investments will have an impact 
on the cost in the near term, we have been able to sustain the CIR at around 65%. In the long 
run, we will bring it below 50% by 2030. Our endeavor would be to ensure results to accrue in 
the long-term in line with the payback period estimated for each of these initiatives. With the 
continued cooperation from all stakeholders, we will strive to deliver quarter-on-quarter in line 
with the expectations.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
 
I stop here. This is broadly on how our quarter went. Look forward to your questions. Thank 
you very much. Over to you, Shivaji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead.  
Chinmay Nema: 
Just a bookkeeping question from my side. If I look at the retail book in the presentation, it is at 
Rs 5,332 Cr. But, in the last quarter, it was at Rs 3,541 cr. That is a delta of about Rs 1,700 
crores. The disbursement number is at Rs 300 crores for the quarter. Am I reading something 
wrong? Just want to check that, sir.  
Satish Gundewar: 
The retail book also includes the LAS portfolio that is Loan against Securities, where the 
secondary security is gold and this was part of the gold loan book earlier. From this quarter, we 
have included that as part of the retail book, and that is the reason that you are finding that 
difference.  
Chinmay Nema: 
Could you share the breakup of the retail book between gold loan and the unsecured portion and 
what is the asset quality trend that you are seeing on the unsecured side, if you could share the 
break up? 
Pralay Mondal: 
In our retail book, we have de-grown our three businesses over the last one year- Personal Loan, 
Two-wheeler, and Microfinance. Some of the stress, which you are seeing in the environment 
now, we saw it coming more than a year, back. We consistently degrew these businesses this 
year.  
 
We have grown in CV/CE and LAS – which we have reclassified and where we have gold as a 
collateral security. We have grown in Healthcare Finance; little bit of Credit Card business based 
on a partnership model and then Inventory Funding. These are kind of pseudo- SME businesses 
that we have grown.  Pure play retail we have definitely not ventured in troubled waters right 
now because as a new entrant, we did not want to take unnecessary risks. We have done 
businesses which we understand and which our franchise can do taking relatively lesser risk.  
 
In spite of that fact, we slowed down few businesses, we have seen little bit of slippages on the 
MFI side and on the unsecured side. While for the system, it may not be picking out, for us it 
will be picking out sooner because we had started de-growing these businesses quite some time 
back.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Mona Khetan: 
Firstly, on the margin, so for H1, we have seen margins of about 4.3%. Do you still believe that 
we will be able to maintain the guidance for this year, which is 4.5% to 4.8%? And if at all, what 
will drive this improvement in H2?  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 6 
Pralay Mondal: 
Hi, Mona. A  relevant question. We knew that cost of deposits is going up in the ecosystem and 
this is not happening to us only, but with other banks as well. We have not been able to pass on 
this equally to the yields on the asset side of the business. In spite of that fact, we could have 
done 4.5%, which we had guided. However, the penal interest, which is impacting us by 
somewhere around 25 basis points, continued to impact us. If you add that, 4.3% plus another 
25 bps, we would have been around 4.55%. I think that is going to permanently impact us to a 
great extent on the interest income part. Even if we are able to recover, that will come back with 
a lag on the fee side. Technically, NIM will have this impact.  
 
Having said that, if we are able to recover some of our NPA portfolio over the period, which we 
will try and if we are able to reprice some of the books here and there, I think we can try to come 
closer to 4.5%. I think we have sort of bottomed out in NIM and I am not seeing too much of an 
upside from here as well.  
 
I will say that guidance will be between 4.3% to 4.5%, primarily because about 25 basis points 
have been shaved off because of the penal interest guidance. It is not that the guidance was 
wrong, but the guidance has to be re-looked at in view of the regulatory reasons.  
Mona Khetan: 
So not just for this fiscal, but even going forward, you feel that 4.3% to 4.5% will be a fairer 
assumption for margin. 
Pralay Mondal: 
I will reserve my comment on that right now.  I am hoping that from next financial year, we 
should be able to do better on the NPA compared to this year. We will try our best to recover 
NPAs which we have booked in the Q4 and Q1, and if recover some of that, we will probably 
be able to get some NIM back into the system.  I think 4.5% to 4.8% looks to be difficult and it 
can happen only sometimes mid of next year onwards once the interest rate starts coming down 
faster than the yields going down.  
 
We have one advantage, because for another 15 to 18 months, the gold loan continuing to be 
more than 40% of our book. Gold loan yields are not elastic either. Our EBLR-linked book is 
not very high. Hence, as and when the interest rate cycle reverses, probably banks like us will 
be able to retain larger NIM compared to banks, which are wholesale oriented portfolio where 
EBLR-linked or MCLR-linked businesses are higher.  
 
In retail businesses, even if they are fixed loans, new businesses get booked at lower prices. In 
businesses like credit cards, gold loans etc, the elasticity is lower and to that extent, we hope that 
once the interest cost starts coming down, if at all sometime mid of next year, we should be able 
to get some benefit out of it in our NIM.  
Mona Khetan: 
With the margins lower by 20 to 30 bps, how would the ROA guidance stand now, which is 
between 1.5% to 1.8%? Would that also be lower down by the same extent or some of it will be 
covered in other income and Opex?  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Pralay Mondal: 
Our other income has been retained at around 18%-19% of our overall income. In spite of heavy 
cost investment that is going into technology, distribution and people, we have been able to 
increase our ROA this quarter to 1.5%. My feeling is that we should be able to do better than 
this and hence, the guidance that ROA will be in the range of 1.5% to 1.8% sustains because we 
will be able to build up other income, and we will be able to manage costs better. I think if in 
this quarter we could go to 1.5%, I think we should be able to do better than this. I am not making 
forward-looking guidance, but I am just going to push the system for that.  
Mona Khetan: 
While you partly touched on this, I just wanted to check on the corporate slippages that we had 
last two quarters. What are the recovery prospects? Will it be possible to recover them this year 
or I mean, generally, what are the prospects as well?  
Pralay Mondal: 
If you look at our slippages, trending on a quarter-to-quarter is looking better. The March 
slippages were Rs 122 crores, June quarter, the same was Rs 103 crores, and September it is Rs 
64 Crs.  From that perspective, I think the slippages are coming down, and some of the slippages, 
which were added in this quarter, are trending downwards like in case of retail loans, Agri MFI 
etc. There the books are shrinking and if books are shrinking, it means the portfolio, which is 
leading to slippages viz, unsecured MFI, Agri, those kind of businesses are shrinking. To that 
extent, I see slippages coming down. Some of the slippages also do not lead to necessary costs 
because of the kind of arrangements we have. Given that, it will be net ROA neutral.  
 
Given all of this - from an NPA perspective, unless there is something, which is a surprise, which 
is not known to me today, we should be able to retain this level. Once we start reversing the 
migration provision for some of the slippages, which has happened, or recover them, we should 
be able to see a slight downward trend on NPA over the next one year.  
 
Again, this is something, which we will really want to work and not as a forward-looking 
statement. I have always said that Gross NPA will be below 2%, Net NPA below 1%, and credit 
cost below 0.4%.  We will be well below each of this parameter-that much I can say.   This 
quarter, we have reached a credit cost of 15 basis points. This was at 22 basis points last quarter. 
I want to also tell you that unlike last year, we have made one small change, which is, we have 
added the standard provision for computing credit cost. I am just saying that we have been more 
conservative in reporting on our credit cost now. In spite of the 15 basis points, which is well 
below what we have been giving as guidance, on slippages, on NPA, on credit cost - we are 
looking good. I hope that we can recover some of that and then it will even look better.  
Mona Khetan: 
Just one last question. It looks like we have had some reclassification in the book this quarter. If 
you can give like-to-like loan mix for Q1 as well as for reference between corporate, SME, gold 
and other retails, that will help.  
Pralay Mondal: 
I will give you a detailed answer on this. The wholesale book has shown de-growth primarily 
because the DA portfolio is running off. A small portion - around Rs 400 crores is left. That will 
also run off in the next four months. LCBD businesses has come down. We are also exiting some 

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
of the large corporate accounts though they are not NPA accounts, on various other 
considerations.  In fact, we have just exited one this quarter - a large account. In spite of all these 
things, the fact is wholesale book is somewhat flattish, and it is around 23% of our overall book, 
which I think was 26 or 27% last year. Now all that is done and you will see wholesale book 
starting to pick up from here because fresh credit disbursements are happening significantly in 
wholesale in the kind of businesses we want to do. Now we have built up a good team with a 
good coverage across the country and you will see that next year wholesale book will grow at a 
significant pace.  
 
On the SME side, it has sustained the kind of growth, which we have been doing, and which we 
had committed last year and all cleaning up has been done already. They will continue to sustain. 
They are growing somewhere around 26%. I think they will sustain or do even better. On a 
conservative basis, I think SME book should be able to grow at around 25%.  
 
Gold is growing on a YoY basis at around 28%. Last quarter itself, it has grown by 10%. If I 
extrapolate that, it is much higher than 28%, and I think we should be able to grow by around 
25%-30% on the gold loan side.  
 
On Retail, we are bit conservative. As you rightly said, there has been some reclassification. It 
is done for better alignment with the nature of that loan where gold is taken as collateral and is 
classified as LAS business and not kept under Gold business classification. However, effectively 
the collateral is gold only. The portfolio size is somewhere around Rs 1,600 crores.  
 
I am giving full disclosure so that there is no confusion. This Rs 1,600 crores has moved out of 
gold loans. If we had not moved it out, the gold loan business would have been somewhere 
around 51% of the book. It is reclassified to be on the better side of the compliance. Rest is our 
MFI book, which is around 2%, Agri book is around 3% and 15% is retail. 15% of this retail 
includes this Rs 1,600 crores of loan against security. This is the full disclosure.  
Mona Khetan: 
Just one thing. on this kind of disclosure, what is the sequential growth in each of the four 
portfolios if you can tell us between Q1 and Q2?  
Pralay Mondal: 
Yes, I will tell you that. I will give QoQ and YoY both together. That will help you. Gold- QoQ, 
we have grown by 10% and Y-o-Y by 28%. Wholesale we have grown QoQ by 5% and YoY 
marginally degrew by1%. You can see that in wholesale, we are already reversing the trend. You 
will start seeing it better from next quarter onwards. SME, MSME, 5% growth on a QoQ basis 
and 26% YoY. Retail, 7% QoQ, 45% year-on-year, but there is a noise in this as I said before 
because here, we have the loan against security as gold. Agri, 4% QoQ, minus 5% YoY & MFI, 
minus 6% QoQ, minus 13% YoY.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital. Please 
go ahead.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, I am looking at your GNPA movement table and two things around this. I wanted to request 
you that if from a disclosure perspective, if going further you can actually classify these additions 
by the four sectors that you are primarily working in, which is gold, corporate, SME,  and retail, 
so that we get a sense of incrementally where these additional slippages are coming from. That 
is one.  
 
The second one is linked to this, that if we consider last quarter, this quarter, you could throw 
some color on where largely these additions are coming from, from the segment that you talked 
about, from the retail and gold segments, that would be great. That will just help us on understand 
the business gross NPA movement.  
Pralay Mondal: 
To answer your question – Normally we are not giving this level of information in public 
domain. However, to give you a color and flavor, because this is a call, which is open to all, we 
had a little bit of extra slippage - one account each in Q4 and Q1 for the same customer group 
in wholesale, but after that, it has been consistent.  
 
Slippages in Gold loans does not happen much. Even if it turns SMA, but eventually it would 
be recovered and so, there is no slippage. In wholesale business, nothing much has happened in 
SMA during Q2. There has been a little bit of slippage, in the retail and agri and MFI portfolios, 
but that is going to be on a declining trend for us now onwards. Given the arrangements, we 
have on the portfolios like MFI and all, though the accounts slips, but it does not lead to actual 
losses … Given this perspective, I am not so worried on slippages of this kind. Yes, some of the 
retail loans and agri, what slips will lead to loss, but that is sort of stabilizing. It will stabilize 
from next quarter onwards. To that extent, I am confident of my slippage number and the GNPA 
and NNPA and credit cost number from now onwards. I feel that this is where we will be unless 
there is some big ticket, which hits us, which as of today we do not know. It can happen always, 
one case here, one case there, and on a small balance sheet we have, one case can create some 
noise. However, right now, we are not aware of anything. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, the second question is a little bit longer term two, three years out kind of a question, which 
is linked to your CASA because you understand better than us the dynamics of deposit franchise. 
There is an incremental level of technicality in your business compared to large banks, which 
do CASA. Just wanted to understand like, what does it take on the ground for CSB to mobilize 
that? Is that a part of the agenda? Where are the constraints? Just trying to understand the 
subjective part of it, as you see yourself growing and becoming like a new age bank growing for 
the next two, three years? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Thanks for the question. I try to respond to this in almost all the calls, and this is the biggest part 
of the strategy of the bank. If you look at it, our growth in SA has been around 9%, our growth 
in term deposits is well above 30%. Nine percent is not bad, but it is not good enough when it 
comes to looking at overall deposit growth of 25% and hence the CASA ratio comes down.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
None of this is franchise business, if you ask me. Franchise business will start sometime later 
and after this call, I would like our Technology Head - CTO to come and spend five minutes on 
explaining what we are doing in technology because now we are definitive about what we are 
doing and how it will help the bank because we are creating a new bank. What we are doing 
right now is managing the bank as it is.  
 
Come FY '27, may be by mid of '26 we will be a completely new bank. That's the time what you 
are asking will go to play out and most of the people who are in the bank right now or who have 
joined the bank in the last one or two years, they have all been part of building large franchise 
in very large organizations like HDFC, YES, Axis, ICICI etc. We know what it takes to build 
that franchise. The reason I am saying that our retail, which is today 20%, but not really 20% 
because of loan against security, which is gold collateral, backed loan, if you take that out, it is 
not even 20% that has to go to 30%.  
 
Effectively, this 15% has to go to 30%, and that can happen when you build a CASA franchise. 
Retail assets cannot be built without a CASA franchise because you need customers, and that is 
something which will happen FY '26-'27 onwards where significant focus on customer 
acquisition will be there, and that's where we know that the larger franchise has to be built pan 
India.  
 
That is why we are creating distribution, and many of those branches are not still fully productive 
because we do not have the systems, which is required to be making them productive in building 
the CASA franchise, but we have to put all investments together so that all of this has to 
culminate into results from FY '27 onwards.  
 
We are putting all of those investments today in people, technology, leadership, products, and 
distribution. Once the CASA franchise starts picking up from FY '26-'27 onwards and then retail 
assets will start picking up, then payment products will start picking up, granular fees will start 
picking up, and then the real retail franchise will start building up. That is the plan  
 
We are just waiting for this. I would like Rajesh Choudhary, who is our Head of Technology, to 
give a briefing on what we are doing on the technology side and what we need to. We are keeping 
the entire readiness for the rest of the bank to leverage the technology to build that retail franchise 
and the CASA franchise.  
 
I will give you the roadmap. The reason that the retail franchise and retail businesses will pick 
up from 15% to 30% will be a little back-ended from FY '27 onwards. Wholesale is a relationship 
business. We of course need technology there. We of course need transaction banking there. We 
need a lot of products, fees, and everything. Still it is a relationship business. Next year onwards, 
you will see the wholesale side will start picking up faster because even without full play 
technology, they can build these businesses.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
SME businesses even without full play technology are already picking up. Retail we are keeping 
for the last. Not only because we are not fully ready on the technology, but we also want the 
picking of the right cycle to happen in retail. That can only happen when the overall growth in 
the system comes down below 10% on retail. That is the time we will enter the market in a big 
way, and that will happen in terms of liability, customer acquisition, retail assets and all of that 
because we don't want to go out and build businesses through DSAs and purchasing asset 
businesses and all that. That is not the way we will build it.  
 
Gold business will chug along the way it is growing, around 10%-20% growth, but as a mix it 
will come down because rest of the businesses will grow much faster. The picking of retail assets 
businesses will happen in the end of the decade, last 2-3 years. Wholesale will start picking up 
from next year. SME and gold will chug along. That is the way the entire franchise is going to 
be built.  
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, I have a follow-up question on CA and SA, just splitting with this into, as you were talking 
wholesale doesn't require technology, splitting CA and SA, do you also require heavy lifting on 
technology for CA or because you are fairly ingrained in the south market, in the macro markets 
you have been? That's one. And of course, same is for SA because you have been in Kerala for 
more than 100 years. I thought that the deposit side is more a trust-based business than a 
technology business. So, correct my understanding, if I am wrong on that, just on the liability 
side actually.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Either you can buy business by giving higher rates in SA or you can build business by making 
SA as a float based on various activities he is doing with you. The first is not the best way to do 
this business. The second is something, which we will attempt. That is why you will see our 
savings account rates are not very high. Effective rates are also not very high, somewhere around 
3% net-net rates across the portfolio.  
 
Given that our thinking is, the second model is what we will build, and it's just not trust based. 
It is usage based. It is float based. EMI based and all.  You have to have usage of that account. 
For that we have to launch salary accounts, we have to launch various payment products, we 
have to launch various asset products, we have to get those EMI through this, we need to grow 
the transactions through it.  
 
In a way, CA is no different because you need technology because you need CMS, you need 
supply chain, you need transaction banking, you need the rationale for usage of those accounts 
by a customer and you have to have those kind of franchise and those kind of customer 
penetration will happen through wholesale and SME.  
 
Of course, we will have a retail kind of a CA also in branches, but unless you are able to give a 
better service, unless you are able to give a better turnaround, unless you are able to give better 
transaction banking kind of products, be retail, SME, or wholesale, it is not sustainable.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
That is the way that CASA businesses are always built and will be built. We will not play the 
price game ever in CASA. CA you cannot play the price game, but SA we will not play the price 
game. Because CASA is just not a liability. CASA is a franchise, which helps us in building the 
assets business. Otherwise, you have to go out and buy businesses through DSAs, which we will 
not do.  
 
Customer acquisition is going to be the biggest play in this bank starting FY '26-'27 onwards. 
The start will happen in FY '26 and FY '27 onwards it will take off in terms of customer 
acquisition, and then on boarding those customers, retaining those customers. For that, we need 
the right solution, right products, the right systems, right turnaround time etc.  
 
That is something, which you are probably asking the question on the CASA franchise, and CA 
is no different to SA. It is just a different kind of segment, which you need to focus on. That is 
what the strategy is. We do not want to take a shortcut route to any of this right now. That is 
why we are saying that we will do businesses what we understand, what we can do, and hence 
wholesale will start picking up next year. SME has already picked up. Gold, we understand 
better and it will continue to do well and retail will pick up only when you have the CASA 
franchise momentum picking up. 
Sonal Minhas: 
If I may ask a short question, the last one, who is your credit card partner. If you can mention 
your partner as well? 
Pralay Mondal: 
We started doing it with both One Card and Jupiter. Right now, we are servicing the portfolio, 
which we have done with One Card. We are not adding any more cards with One Card right 
now, and with Jupiter, we are continuing to add more cards, but it is not a huge portfolio. Let 
me tell you credit card, micro-finance and personal loan, all products together is somewhere 
around Rs 1,000 crores. It is a small business for us, and we are not growing any of these 
businesses that much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Shivaji Thapliyal: 
I just had some basic questions around guidance, because I think basic numbers are always 
helpful to learn about. We have already got sense of the margin. But what would be the overall 
loan growth guidance, number one, for FY '25 and possible for FY '26? And you know, these 
are all sort of near-to-medium term guidance that I am seeking. Firstly on loan growth.  
 
Secondly, credit cost obviously is evolving and some of the loan books are not seasoned. Just 
wanted to understand where the number do you think will end up for FY '25, and if possible, 
you can get a sense of FY '26.  
 
Thirdly, on cost-to-income number that is evolving as we speak. This year and next, your sense 
on these three aspects, loan growth, credit cost and cost-to-income ratio. 

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Pralay Mondal: 
Shivaji, thanks for your questions. Let me first start with what ballpark strategic vision, which 
we have in the bank. I will just repeat it and then answer your question. The strategic vision or 
what we are aiming by 2030 - GNPA 2% and NNPA 1%, credit cost 40 basis points, cost-to-
income below 50%. SME, wholesale, gold, and retail I have already said  30% retail, 30% 
wholesale, 20% gold and 20% SME. NIM, I have always said that medium-term will be between 
4.5% to 4.8% and longer-term will be in the range of 4% to 4.3%. I have said that because when 
we gave this guidance, we did not know the impact of the penal interest. Because of the impact 
of the penal interest, we have to wait and watch how this plays out, and hence it could be coming 
down between 4.3% to 4.5 or 4.6% because of this reason. We have to see how this plays out 
now. Similarly, in the long run, it should be remaining between 4 to 4.3% or around, and the 
reason for that is the business mix will change because as we move our wholesale from 23% 
today to 30%, obviously your NIM will start coming down on that, so will  be the cost-to-income 
ratio.  
 
A healthy good portfolio for our kind of franchise by 2030 will be one where,  NIM will be 4 to 
4.3%, cost-to-income below 50%, ROA and ROE levels sustained , ROE between 15% to 17%, 
ROA between 1.5 to 1.8%. Some of the components within the ROA tree can make a change 
based on the business mix that will change.  
 
Your question on near term ie, for the next two years, I think next two years nothing much will 
change because none of these mixes are making so much of a change right now. Given that, I 
think our NIM will be somewhere closer to 4.5%. Once the interest rate starts coming down, the 
deposit interest rates - as I explained before- and the non-elasticity on our asset side, we may not 
have to pass on everything given our book and our fee businesses will keep going up. I think we 
will do even better than today on the fee businesses. I will not be surprised if we go to 19% to 
20% of our overall income as fee, and that is what we are targeting.  
 
On the NPA ratios, I said that we would not touch 2%, 1% and 0.4% for gross NPA, net NPA 
and credit costs respectively. We are now around 15 to 16 basis points on the credit cost. I think 
we will contain the credit costs below 20 basis points for a while now, and GNPA and NNPA, 
we are picking out. That is where I think we should remain in the next two years. 
 
On longer-term guidance, once your retail starts picking up and all that, credit cost will also start 
going up little bit, but it will give other businesses because in retail businesses what happens is 
for the same customer, you get lot more businesses, and hence the ROA between 1.5 to 1.8% is 
really sustainable. That is the way we are planning our overall strategic ratios.  
 
What I will do, Shivaji, if there are no further questions, I would request our CTO Mr. Rajesh 
Choudhary to speak, because we have put one slide on the investor presentation on technology 
transformation at CSB Bank. Very quickly, if we can just spare few minutes, Rajesh will explain 
what we are doing on the technology side because this is the biggest story going ahead, what we 
are trying to build in the bank. Can I hand it over to Rajesh to give a brief on the technology 
side?  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Shivaji Thapliyal: 
Sure.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Over to you, Rajesh.  
Rajesh Choudhary: 
Thank you for that. Good evening, everybody. This is Rajesh Choudhary. I am CTO for the 
bank. In March 2022, we put the IT strategy to the Board and since then we have been executing 
that strategy. What we are trying to do is, we are replacing almost all the systems in the bank 
and the slide, which we have put across, and there are four different dimensions over there.  
 
One of the dimension on the top left talks about the entire technology infrastructure what we are 
changing in the bank. As part of that, we have built four data centers, two in Mumbai and two 
in Chennai. All the data centers are ready and operational. We have also set up private cloud for 
the bank, which is also ready for use now. All the bank branches across the country are running 
on high resilient bandwidth, which means that if something goes down, there is a resilient 
bandwidth, and the business will keep on happening. As part of the transformation program on 
infrastructure, we are replacing all the hardware for all the servers in all our data centers with 
the modern cutting-edge technology, which very few banks in the country have. We have also 
set up a modern technology command center in our new Turbhe office in Navi Mumbai, which 
is monitoring the entire bank, the entire technology estate of the bank. That is our tech 
transformation from the infra perspective.  
 
Now coming to Core Systems, which is the big story, which our MD also spoke about, we have 
invested in one of the most modern new core banking system from Oracle, which is called 
Flexcube. We started implementing this from January, this calendar year. We are currently 
halfway, and sometime in Q1 FY '26, this system will go live. Along with this system, we are 
also setting up new payment systems, a new digital channel system, which means new mobile 
banking, new Internet banking, all of this. We have a very old database in the bank, which is 
almost like 17-years-old and similar to the core banking that we have, and that has significant 
limitations in doing business today. We are replacing that with a modern database from Oracle 
that will also help us in going ahead significantly.  
 
Along with this, a new trade finance system, we are setting up a new finance management system 
from Oracle, which is called Oracle General Ledger, which will also go live by Q1 FY '26, and 
the new risk management system called OFSAA, that will also go live in the first quarter of FY 
'26.  
 
We spoke about the infrastructure. Then we spoke about the core system. However, there are 
many systems, which are surrounding the core systems, and we are replacing almost all of those. 
Some of those have already gone live. We are setting up lending systems for all the various 
products, so gold, two-wheeler, LAP, these systems are live and remaining are under 
implementation. Our lending system for corporate and SME is already live. We have many 
systems for various support functions. Our new HR system has already gone live. New 
compliance system is live. We have set up a digital customer onboarding system, which helps 

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
our customers to have better experience while joining the bank for any of the services. We have 
set up a new digital call center in the bank, which is ensuring that our customers are being 
serviced in a better way.  
 
We have set up a sophisticated Service Now platform in the bank. This is one of the leading 
enterprise in the world, and we were told we are the first bank in the country to implement 
finance FSO module from Service Now, which gives us immense agility to launch new 
capabilities, new system on this platform. This platform has gone live, and we are setting up one 
by one multiple systems over here.  
 
There is another capability, which is the API Ecosystem. API ecosystem combined with 
Enterprise Service Bus, this gives us enhanced capability to work with our fintech partners or 
any other partners and partnership strategy is one of the key part of the SBS 2030 as our MD 
spoke about. API Ecosystem and Enterprise Service Bus will ensure that we are able to integrate 
our partners in a seamless and efficient way. All our systems will also talk to core systems in an 
effective and efficient way through these integrations.  
 
Then, of course, while all of these business systems are in place, infrastructure has been 
transformed; cybersecurity is sitting at the center of all of this. We have invested significantly 
in various areas of cybersecurity. We have our new security operation centers already installed 
and implemented from where we are monitoring the entire bank, and checking if there are any 
threats coming from the external world, various systems on the perimeter level, on the internal 
level. We are checking the dark web if there are anything from the bank-related information 
sitting there. We have intense focus on cybersecurity systems to modernize the bank.  
 
This is the summary, which is a high-level view on the technology transformation in the various 
areas that we are doing right now.  
Pralay Mondal: 
This is in a summary what Rajesh covered, but actually, we can have a full day on what we are 
doing on technology, because I really believe the bank has to build on the back of a strong 
technology for better efficiency, cost and scaling the bank in a faster turnaround term with a 
better service. With that, Shivaji, if there are any further questions, we would be happy to answer.  
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Mona Khetan: 
Yes, sir, I just have two follow-up questions. Firstly, if I could get the mix of loans between 
EBLR and MCLR and fixed rate.  
Pralay Mondal: 
We have floating rate loans around 38.2%, 61.8% is fixed rate. Out of that 38.2%, EBLR is 10%, 
MCLR is around 24% and 4% is other floating rates. 
Mona Khetan: 
24% MCLR.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Pralay Mondal: 
MCLR is 24.41% and EBLR is 10.22%. Base rate, T Bill, SOFR, all these are around 3.84%. 
All these totals up to 38.20%, and balance which is 61.80% is fixed rate. I would like to also 
say, Mona, that it looks like a fixed rate, but you know, gold loans are generally kind of shorter 
tenure products. Hence, you have to take it with a pinch of salt.  
 
Having said that, gold loan prices even when interest rate goes up, it does not go up, interest 
goes down it does not go down that much. To that extent, it remains fixed only - even if it is a 
shorter tenure product, so that is why you can call it fixed rate only.  
Mona Khetan: 
Secondly, while you mentioned that the penal interest impact is still there on the margins, but 
when it comes to incremental gold loan, are we able to reprice it at a higher rate or?  
Pralay Mondal: 
Mona, what happens typically is - this is customer psychology. It is a competition and will work 
if everybody says that okay, it is impacting me by 25 basis points and hence we will raise our 
rate by 25 basis points, but market does not operate like that. If the whole market does it, we will 
also do it, but ultimately, we are in a competitive market. I think it is a permanent damage to the 
NIM of around 25 basis points for banks with our kind of a business mix. We will figure out a 
way to manage the ROA by improving our fee businesses, but increasing NIM by increasing the 
interest rates, I do not think the whole market will operate like that.  
Mona Khetan: 
What is driving such strong fee lines in your case? It is now almost 1.8% of assets, which is like 
on higher end of what we see in industry and very comparable to large private banks. So, what 
is driving this fee income?  
Pralay Mondal: 
At least somewhere, we should be in the best in class. When I joined the bank, you remember, 
Mona, where our core fee used to be around 5%. We have now taken it up to 17%-18%. I think 
we can go up to 19%-20%. You can give some credit to the leadership team which we have built 
who understand these businesses well and still some more to come because once the retail asset 
business starts picking up, you will see more fees.  
 
Good wholesale business run by large banks, and we have all worked in large banks, can be up 
to 1.8% to 2% comes on the fee side. We actually did a syndication last quarter. You may or 
may not believe this, but this is the kind of expertise we are building in the system on the 
wholesale side. Some of these fees, whether its transaction banking fees, syndication fees, 
processing fees, insurance fees- all this has been doing well.  
 
There are four such large companies - ETLI, HDFC Life, ICICI Pru and now Max, there is a 
reason that they are tying up with us or they are chasing us because we are doing well. They are 
seeing the kind of a process, which we are following to do all these. Believe it or not, we have 
only few complaints, which we resolved in insurance, after doing so much of business within 
turnaround time.  The pendency is minimal right now. That is the level of our persistency ratio 
- which is one of the best in the system.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Given all these things, we know how to run these businesses. We know how to run various 
businesses, but until Rajesh delivers all the systems, we are not able to do it. At least these things, 
we are leveraging somebody else's systems to do it. To do some of these businesses, we do not 
need our systems, like when you do insurance businesses. At least where we can do well, we are 
doing well right now. Take the core fee business. Core fee business for us is around 14% of the 
total income. I see it sustaining, if not growing, going ahead.  
Mona Khetan: 
Just one final question. When it comes to the corporate book, you mentioned that there is some 
rebooting going on, based on what led to slippages in the past quarter. Could we have some more 
of these slippages in the ensuing quarters, or do you believe that this is done with? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Mona, I wish I could say that, you know, nobody can do a crystal ball gazing, but whatever we 
can do, we are doing. We can always have a surprise item, but I think we are doing whatever 
best we can. That is the reason I said that last two quarters, we have been exiting relationships, 
which are perfectly regular businesses and are not NPA. They are not even SMA.  
 
We just exited a large relationship and which is not NPA or even SMA, because we think that 
that is not the line of businesses we want to follow. We are completely changing our wholesale 
franchise in a different way.  
 
Having said that, we have a legacy book where something will fall, we do not know. That is why 
we are granulizing. Any large businesses in wholesale, which you have done in legacy, we are 
gradually reducing that and hence the shock, if at all, if there is anywhere, which we do not know 
of, is going to be very low.  
 
I would like to add one more point that we have Rs 183 crores of provisioning buffer beyond the 
regulatory mandated provisions. Out of that, Rs 106 crores we had taken under COVID 
provision. Now there is no COVID, so we have put it under contingency. What we did is 
wherever we thought of stress in accounts, which does not necessarily mean that they are NPA 
accounts, or they are SMA accounts- anywhere we didn't feel good about it, we keep the 
provision against those accounts. Out of that, one big account is gone, but we are trying to put 
some more accounts into that to retain that.  
 
We are taking a conservative provisioning policy. Otherwise, we could have written back a large 
amount and improved our PCR. We are not taking that route. We are doing it in such a way that 
we will add some more so that if there is an accident somewhere, which we do not know yet, we 
have already provisioned that. That is the way.  
 
We are following a strong and a conservative provisioning policy. Beyond that, if something 
happens, we have to see. But truthfully, we do not know anything, which can just hit us near 
time. If we know, we will exit that relationship. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Sonal Minhas: 
I have two questions. The first one is related to your PCR. I wanted to understand like what is 
the steady-state PCR that you target or where is the direction there that you want to head to? 
Because given your chart, given how we see this, PCR including write-offs has been coming 
down. If you could just explain that a little bit, that will just help to understand that. 
Pralay Mondal: 
Our targeted PCR (excluding write off) is above 70% - in the 70-75% range.  We will get there 
sometime next financial year. We were there, but there is that one account which previously 
slipped, which is a legacy account, which led to this problem. Either we will recover, or we will 
write off. We will go back to somewhere close to 70%.  
 
We had a choice, as I just explained before, from a contingency provision because one of the 
accounts we have just exited. We could have written back some of the provision we have taken 
against this, but we will add some more accounts and would retain it as contingency because if 
you move from contingency to incremental provision, we can increase our PCR easily.  
 
However, from a bank or from a Board perspective, we have said no. We will not use those 
routes to raise PCR. We will raise the PCR only by either recovering or by additional 
provisioning, which is not under the contingency provisioning.  
 
Our model is around 70%, without PWO or 70 to 73%, somewhere around that. We will take 
little time because we hope to recover some of this. If we cannot, we will do a provisioning or 
accelerated provisioning and move on. That is the way we will plan it.  
Sonal Minhas: 
The second question is regarding the LTV for the gold loan. I see this is coming down over time, 
but just asking you, subjectively, from an operational perspective of risk assessment. Let's say, 
credit customer, what the gold is given as a collateral, basically, are we there in terms of systems 
and processes and technology for gold loan or there are still some hoops to cross for us to say 
that our systems are at par or better than, let's say, the other large gold loan players in the market? 
Just trying to understand the significance of this business.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Thanks for that question. Let me put it this way. Given that gold loan is anywhere between 44 
to 50% of our bank, depending on whether you take the LAS business or not, but effectively it 
is like a gold loan business, it will only be prudent to ensure that we have the best systems and 
processes. Unbelievable amount of work has been done in the last two years in gold loan business 
from being average gold loan player to probably we think we are one of the best compliant gold 
loan business player right now.  
 
That is the reason I said in the beginning of the call/media, that we have put so many things in 
place in the gold loan business that when this RBI circular came, we found we tick most of the 
boxes proactively. That's the kind of work which has happened in this bank on the gold loan 
side.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Being a touch and feel physical distribution-oriented business, you can never say that we are 
100% there. We can only find it through proper audit process and proper review mechanism, 
which we are expanding, and we are expanding our scope of audit everywhere lot more.  
 
Let me put it this way. From an intent perspective, we are 100% there. From a process 
perspective, we are 100% there. From an execution perspective, maybe we are 70%-80% there. 
Rest 20%, it can never be 100%. We are trying to see how we can inch it a little bit more over a 
period of time.  
 
Having said that, on your question on LTV, let me say that actually we are close to 70% on LTV 
right now. It varies every day. I see a different number, 70, 71, 72%. We also do a sensitivity 
analysis constantly, what if kind of a scenario on the gold loan price and that data I see every 
day. Of course, the retail, risk teams etc monitors this data. Meticulous monitoring is done for   
this and the LCR data.  
 
Given that, our tonnage increased by around 10% and our growth was around 28%. Hence, you 
can understand that we focus on tonnage because that is the real growth and gap between 10% 
and 28% is because of the value of the gold.  
 
Now, one can argue that given what is happening globally next one year, there are no risks. Next 
one-and-a-half years, there are no risks, but who knows what is going to happen. Given that 
perspective, I think we continue to do sensitivity analysis, we will take action as, and when we 
require; proactively in case we see there is a risk on the gold price because we have to be sensitive 
to that. It is happening because of the environment. It can happen the other way around at some 
stage when the gold price starts falling. Hopefully, by the time that phase comes, we will be 
ready with our other businesses by FY '26-'27. To that extent, we are at a sweet spot at this point 
of time.  
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, On the gold loan business reconciliation side, at the branch level, let's say, if the loans are 
being given against the right collateral, or let's say, hypothetically, we are saying that the value 
is actually not what the loan amount basically is commensurate with the value of the gold that is 
given to you or deposited with you, what are the systems basically to check that? What is the 
periodicity of those systems if you can broadly highlight? I don't want to take too much of your 
time, but broadly just want to understand that.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Let me put it this way.  I understand your question fully & what you are asking. That is exactly 
what we have worked in the last two years. It starts with intent. It starts with compliance. It starts 
with what we want to do. Then next part is what is being done on the ground. If we take timely 
action on anybody who is not following the process right, if we have a strong audit periodicity 
in every branch, if we have a science of identifying where more fraud prone things happen, and 
if we take tough action the way we need to do it, then you have a much better control.  

 
CSB Bank Limited 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Let me put it this way, I think we have strong controls on our gold loan business at this point of 
time. Obviously, the kind of pedigree, which our management has, intent will never be an issue. 
The kind of board we have, the kind of promoters we have, from an intent perspective, we are 
150% there. From a process, policy, taking action, controls, audit perspective etc, we are 100% 
there.  
 
Still can I commit that there will be zero fraud or there will be scale of finance, something going 
wrong in some branch here and there in a distributed setup that can always happen. However, 
our view is that we catch that and we take action, which deter such happenings, and the deterrent 
is the biggest thing, which deters from doing wrong things. But if management looks the other 
way when something is happening, then there is a problem. Our bank doesn't believe in that. 
Hence, that is the best way to handle this business and we are doing it that way.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Thank you, Shivaji, and thank you, everybody, for asking relevant and good set of questions, I 
must say. We are very excited the way the bank is turned around in this quarter, and we are 
committed to hopefully show even better performance next quarter. Thank you very much and 
have a good evening.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
