Archean Chemical Industries Limited 
 
Life’s god with our chemistry 
 
Regd. Office : No.2, North Crescent Road, T Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Tamil Nadu, India. Ph: +91 44- 61099999, 
www.archeanchemicals.com, info@archeanchemicals.com; CIN: L24298TN2009PLC072270; GSTIN: 33AAHCA8471D3ZR 
20th November 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited        BSE Limited                                                        
Exchange Plaza  
 
 
 
          Listing Operations                                               
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
          Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street            
Mumbai-400051                                                      Mumbai-400001 
Symbol-ACI  
 
 
                      Scrip Code- 543657                                           
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Reference: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
earnings call held on 12th November 2024 post announcement of financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2024. 
 
The above information shall be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.archeanchemicals.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Archean Chemical Industries Limited 
 
 
 
R Raghunathan 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
RAJAGOPALAN 
RAGHUNATHAN
Digitally signed by 
RAJAGOPALAN 
RAGHUNATHAN 
Date: 2024.11.20 10:21:21 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
  
 
“Archean Chemical Industries Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2024 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 12th November 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RANJIT PENDURTHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ARCHEAN 
CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAGHUNATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ARCHEAN 
CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJEEV KUMAR – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER FINANCE – 
ARCHEAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Archean Chemical Industries Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY '25 Results Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit 
Pendurthi from Archean Chemical Industries Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. We wish you all a very warm welcome to our Q2 and H1 
FY '25 earnings call. Today, we are joined by Mr. Raghunathan, our CFO, Mr. Rajeev Kumar, 
DGM Finance; and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. 
 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results and investor presentation, 
which has been uploaded on the Stock Exchange and our company website. I will give you all a 
quick snapshot on the recent developments of the company. Post that, Mr. Raghunathan, will 
walk you through the operational and financial performance of the company. Thank you. 
 
The past quarter has been quite vibrant for the leadership team as multiple projects have 
witnessed healthy progress. The company has reached an inflection point taking decisive steps 
to diversify and derisk its product portfolio. 
 
This strategy reflects extensive planning, dedication and adaptability from the entire team at the 
company as we navigate evolving needs of the market. At the heart of this journey is also our 
R&D initiatives, a cornerstone of our efforts working tirelessly to drive breakthroughs in 
chemistry and expand into new downstream markets. 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited stands out as a prominent manufacturer of marine 
specialty chemicals such as elemental bromine, A-grade industrial salt and Sulphate of Potash 
through a natural sea brine as most of you are aware. However, our company is poised for 
expansion by disrupting and capitalizing on synergies between its core business of marine 
specialty chemicals and its strategic investments in high-growth sectors such as compound 
semiconductors and energy storage solutions. However, the core business remains the mainstay 
of the company's growth strategy for the next few quarters and years. 
 
Coming to the performance highlights and the recent developments on respective products are 
as follows: Firstly, elemental bromine. It has been somewhat of a mixed quarter for the company 
as we have seen some broad recovery on the demand side, primarily from the domestic market, 
whereas demand from export market remains a bit soft. 
 
We expect steady demand in the bromine business with end-use applications either stable or 
recovering. With the recent stimulus in the Chinese market, we foresee China economy to pick 
up gradually and the demand for our key products recover as well. We aim to produce in excess 
of 20,000 metric tons for the year of bromine, including requirements for our own use. 
 
Second, Industrial Salt. Industrial Salt faced a bit of a challenge in Q2 FY '25, primarily due to 
the monsoon season, as you all know, which was quite extended and extensive in terms of 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
rainfall. As you all also may be aware, the second quarter typically is a slow quarter for us as 
the export business remains a bit affected by monsoon. 
 
The prolonged time required to finish product, coupled with difficult transport growth conditions 
made exports from our side to the ports very difficult. The company also faced a temporary 
challenge as Cyclone Asna dropped quite a bit of heavy rain and disrupted operations at the 
production site. However, due to the effort of the team, we continue to operate despite this 
cyclone. This, however, did lead to some inventory damage, especially on the Industrial Salt 
side. 
 
As highlighted earlier, we have over 300 trucks involved in loading and unloading from our 
stockyards for export to the ports. Hence, overall volume stood at 7.5 lakh tons for the quarter. 
H2 is generally better for our business, and we expect more than a  million ton volume run rate 
in the coming quarters. Our focus will be on enhancing processes and cost efficiencies, while 
we have historically concentrated on exports, we have started exploring new opportunities to 
meet growing domestic demand on in salt as well. 
 
Third, Sulphate of Potash. On the SOP side, we continue to see encouraging results in our trials, 
and we have also taken steps to produce a second grade of Sulphate of Potash, which we're 
seeing encouraging inquiries from both global and domestic markets. At present, there's a work-
in-progress, and we expect meaningful contributions in the next year. 
 
Coming to Acume , our subsidiary for bromine derivative products such as Clear Brine Fluids 
and PTA synthesis products. Clear Brine Fluids, the initial response on CBF is encouraging, and 
we have already dispatched a few trials and small orders to clients. We're actively engaging with 
clients to conduct further trials and define their specific requirements. So we have seen some 
favorable progress in these products and expect a healthy contribution in coming quarters. 
 
On the PTA synthesis side, polyester derived from PTA synthesis has extensive applications 
across various industries, particularly in textiles and packaging. As this industry grows and 
economies expand and the polymer usage rises, we anticipate growing demand for our PTA 
synthesis products to support these industries. 
 
Oren Hydrocarbons. After receiving the NCLT order in the month of July '24, our team has been 
actively working on refurbishments and renovations at various production sites of the company. 
We expect two plants to be fully operational within the next few weeks with meaningful business 
contributions than anticipated from the Q4 of this financial year. These sites are strategic for our 
future growth, enabling us to expand our product offerings by adding speciality mud chemicals 
and CBFs products to serve clients in the oil and gas and drilling industry, which with the recent 
turn of events, appears to be more attractive or has a more attractive future and a more 
comprehensive portfolio for our company. 
 
Investments in Clas-SIC Wafer Fab Limited U.K., a U.K.-based company specializing in silicon 
carbide MOSFETs and device manufacturing. Our company will be investing to the tune of GBP 
15 million for a 21.33% equity share capital with a primary subscription of GBP 10 million and 
secondary purchase of GBP 5 million. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
As a part of this diversification strategy, ACIL is making strategic investments in Clas-Sic Wafer 
Fab Limited, a U.K.-based dedicated silicon carbide wafer foundry with manufacturing 
capability for SiC devices. This investment aligns with the company's broader semiconductor 
initiatives through SiCSem Private Limited and secures technology exclusivity in India. 
 
It is a moment of pride for our company as we are the first Indian company to invest in the 
company with silicon carbide MOSFET devices production capability and will be in the future 
serving industries like electric vehicles, renewable energy systems, industry power electronics, 
data centers, et cetera, in both domestic and export markets. 
 
ACIL's core competency in specialty chemicals creates natural synergies with this SiC 
semiconductor business. The road map from concept to commercialization will take between 2 
to 3 years as a part of the first phase of this new initiative. 
 
Investment in Offgrid Energy Labs Inc., Delaware U.S., an IP-led company specializing in zinc-
bromide battery technology. We will invest nearly USD12 million in series A fund for the 
subscription of 21% stake. This investment aligns with ACIL's broader strategy to enter the 
energy storage sector, particularly focusing on applications in renewable energy, industry 
storage, et cetera. 
 
The company's bromine business has a direct synergy with ZincGel batteries, which using 
bromide chemistry for the battery. ZincGel scope zinc bromide batteries offer superior cycle 
life, safety and cost effectiveness when compared to existing battery technologies in the market, 
making them ideal for daily discharge charge cycles in commercial and industrial solar 
applications as well as utility scale grid stability projects. 
 
We will initially support the establishment of a pilot manufacturing facility in the U.K. with an 
intention to establish a giga factory in India in the near future to scale up the zinc-bromide battery 
production. Again, road map from concept to commercialization will take 2 years' time, and we 
will obviously keep our shareholders updated in due course. 
 
Update on the existing capacity expansion. Our company has built a solid foundation over the 
years in the marine chemicals industry, positioning us well to leverage our expertise in bromine 
derivative products and new incoming products. Our primary focus continues to remain on 
establishing lasting collaborations with all customers across all products. We are confident and 
remain confident to grow gradually in the coming years and will be well equipped to utilize the 
opportunities that keep evolving with the market as well. 
 
That's it from my side on the update. Now I will hand over to Mr. Raghunathan, our CFO, to run 
through the financial performance. 
Raghunathan: 
Thank you, sir, and good afternoon to all the participants on the call. To give you a financial 
summary of Q2 FY '25 on a standalone basis.  
Our company registered a total revenue of INR2,521 million. There's a drop of around 17% on 
a Y-o-Y basis. The drop is primarily due to logistics-related challenges, which MD also has 
indicated in his speech.  

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Our export market contributed around 77% and the remaining 23% that came from the domestic 
market. This overall revenue, bromine contributed around 38% and Industrial Salt... 
Moderator: 
Sorry for the interruption, sir. May I request you to please come closer to the mic. Your voice is 
a little muffled. 
Raghunathan: 
 
Bromine contributed around 38% of the total revenue and Industrial Salt is around 62%.  
EBITDA for the company stood at around INR898 million for this quarter, Q2, with a margin 
of 36% and net profit stood at around INR219 million. 
 
We also want to inform you that in this Q2 results, we reported an exceptional item due to the 
impact of Asna cyclone in Gujarat that occurred in the month of August and in the beginning of 
September. So almost it prevailed for more than a week or so, which resulted in a loss of 472,000 
metric tons of Industrial Salt, which amounts to around INR40.18 crores. We have initiated a 
necessary claim process with respective insurance companies. 
 
Moving on to H1 results.  
Total revenue for H1 FY '25 stood at around INR4,754 million with a drop of around 28% on a 
Y-o-Y basis.  
Export market contributed around 75%. The remaining 25% came from the domestic market. 
Bromine contributed around 41% of our total revenue and Industrial Salt is at around 49%.  
EBITDA for the company stood at around INR1,747 million for the 6 months period with a 
margin at 37%.  
Net profit was around INR703 million. 
 
With this, I conclude the speech and open this floor for a Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khetan: 
I have a couple of questions. Sir, first question is on to the salt business. Sir, into your initial 
commentary, you have stated that you are expecting so around 10 lakh ton of salt volumes run 
rate quarterly. So in this assumption, sir, so we are taking all the problems to be resolving like 
the -- so the Red Sea crisis, which was impacting us and was, secondly, so there was some one-
off issue in last quarter also. In this quarter also, there is a one-off. So all these issues seems to 
be resolving so from the next quarter itself? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So this is Ranjit here. So thank you for your question. So I think a lot of our salt business, in 
fact, I would say, majority of it, if not all of it, is focused on the Far East and Asian exports. So 
the Red Sea crisis as such, I don't think has too much of an impact, maybe a little bit on the 
freight because that's a global industry. But having said that, I think our customer demand 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
remains intact. Our long-term contracts remain intact, and we continue shipping under those 
contracts. 
 
In the last quarter, there were some delays, which obviously we adjusted with the customers. 
But as such, we don't see any impact going forward. And as you rightly put, I think the last 
quarter was a one-off. We do have sufficient stocks and none of our contracts have been 
canceled. We've only taken some adjustment in the delivery dates in the last quarter. But now 
things are back on track, and the shipments are being done as per the delivery schedules 
committed to customers. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is on to the bromine part. Sir, into the domestic market, we 
had witnessed that some of -- so some of the new players have also expanded the capacity. And 
so they are planning up with a big -- so they are coming up with a big capacity in the next 2 to 
3 years. And into your initial commentary, you have stated that -- so the recovery in the domestic 
market is good and the export market remains soft. So with the new capacities coming in, so 
don't you feel the competitive intensity would go up in domestic also? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Well, I think I have said this on earlier occasions as well. The competition is bound to happen 
in any industry. You can only be a first-time entrant when you discover something new. And I 
think that's been our position till now. And while the local other players expand, I think part of 
our derisking and diversification into further value-enhanced chemistries and products, I think 
this was envisaged a couple of years ago, which is what we have implemented. 
 
So I think I credit the management team and also our on-the-ground site team for implementing 
these projects. And I think this will probably add to our strength and distinguish us or 
differentiate us from other players. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. Sir, but the market of bromine that still remains subdued only. For the last 6 to 8 months, 
we had witnessed that the price also have been normalized, and it is trading at the lowest levels. 
And there is no recovery, which is seen in demand in the global markets. Sir, what is the outlook 
for the next 2 to 3 years? So you see now the pain is over and with ramp-up of volumes, we can 
see some better days ahead? And what would be the guidance of volumes for FY '25 and FY 
'26? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So, I personally refrain from saying the worst is behind us because I think the global market is 
evolving in ways that most of us have not anticipated or seen. So, I think we have to be taking a 
step at a time. What we need to focus on is what we are doing. I think our volumes in bromine 
certainly need to pick up. We have the capacity. We have the customers. These are relationships 
almost a decade old on the export side and on the domestic side as well. 
 
So one of the, I think, encouraging things is that even the local players on the end user industries 
are expanding. China is stabilizing. Are we in a comfortable position from a market growth 
perspective? I think we are not there yet. But at the same time, as a company, are we in a position 
that where we believe that what we make, we can sell, I think we can, and we are doing that. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, what would be the expected volumes for bromine, we can touch for '25? 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think, as I mentioned in my commentary, I think we're aiming at in excess of 20,000 tons for 
the year. So hopefully, I think we are working diligently towards crossing that figure 
comfortably. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, my third question is on to the CBF and on to the PTA synthesis business. How is the 
ramp-up, sir, over there? And is it possible to share the volume figure for these two businesses? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I'll speak about the ramp-up. I think the ramp-up has been satisfactory. Obviously, we can 
always do a better job than we have done in the last couple of quarters, but it's taking a bit of 
time because oil and gas industry -- drilling industry is also subject to a lot of global factors. But 
at the same time, I think the industry on the oil and gas drilling side, remains healthy. And with 
recent demand in U.S., etcetera, we think this will continue to be a good area. I think markets 
like the U.S. probably, given their reemphasis on more drilling, I think will be good for the 
company in terms of the product portfolio that we are building. 
 
So I believe that I think we're in a good position. And like I said, the trials, I think we have 
conducted with certain customers for end user industries have been encouraging. Most of them 
have passed. So we're adding more products, even with Oren Hydrocarbons acquisition. Those 
plants are getting refurbished or renovated. And I think those products also will add to a bigger 
basket to cater to the oil and gas drilling industry. 
 
And on the other derivatives side, I think we are making progress, non-oil and gas, like PTA 
synthesis, et cetera. And I think we started shipping out and exporting some volumes. So overall, 
the trend is, I think, encouraging, but we have to keep at it. I don't think we can take it easy. We 
need to keep pushing, and that's what we are doing. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, so the expansion, which we were planning earlier... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Khetan may we request you return to the question queue for follow-up questions as there 
are several participants waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Rushabh from 
RBSA Investment Managers. 
Rushabh: 
So we are planning to start manufacturing of this high-quality SiC power devices in the next 2 
to 3 years. Can you just give a sense what is the domestic market size of these products? And 
what is the targeted return on capital we are targeting, including the incentives that we may get 
from the government? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Well, I think the subject is quite large to take on a short earnings call. So -- but I will probably 
defer it to Rajeev and maybe Rajeev can answer this question as best as he can. 
Rajeev Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks, Rushabh for the question. The first part of the question was the domestic 
market size. So SiC devices or compound semiconductor devices, the market is growing. Right 
now, overall global market size would be around $2 billion to $3 billion, and we expect this to 
grow at a very good CAGR of more than 25% till 2030. So we do expect that in the next 5 to 6 
years, the market will increase from the current size of $2 billion to more than $10 billion. 
 
The second part of your question, did you ask the government support for this? 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Rushabh: 
Asking the targeted return on capital on this manufacturing venture. 
Rajeev Kumar: 
So, Rushabh, I think we will wait to answer this, maybe a couple of months because while we 
have stitched together the project plan, we have submitted it to government and waiting for the 
necessary approvals. So a lot of that will depend on what quantum of the government incentives, 
et cetera, we get, which will have an impact on the return ratios. So we will definitely answer 
the return ratios once we get the clarity on the approval process. 
Rushabh: 
And the second question, just on the broad semicon initiative. There are other companies also in 
talks to acquire stake in this Clas-SiC Wafer Fab? Why did the company choose us and why did 
we choose them? I just want to understand the thought process here. 
Rajeev Kumar: 
No. So the thought process is we have seen and we have been at this Clas-SiC investment 
initiative for a few months now. Right now, we have the exclusivity of the technology agreement 
in India, which will continue to be so. 
Rushabh: 
Okay. And sir, regarding investment in the Offgrid ventures, we have invested capital. So did 
we give exit to existing investors? I believe there are already existing set of investors there. Or 
this was just a fresh capital infusion? 
Rajeev Kumar: 
No, this is just primary infusion, Rushabh. 
Rushabh: 
Okay. And just last question, if I want to ask. You had Mr. Kannan as a senior leadership team 
some time back. Just want to understand what is the mandate given to him? Is it for the bromine 
derivatives or the marine chemicals or new product development? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Sorry, so if I can take that question. So Mr. Kannan has joined as Executive Director in Archean 
Chemical Industries, which is a parent company for all the subsidiaries that we talked about 
today. So the broad mandate for him is leading and being responsible for all these initiatives, 
including the primary company, Archean Chemical Industries. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. 
Archit Joshi: 
So my first one on the silicon carbide investment. We've also had some research funding that 
we gave to IIT Bhubaneswar, I think a quarter ago, we had stated about that. Now with these 
two investments in place, what are the synergies you're trying to derive because I think the 
technology has already been established in U.K., where you have invested around 21%. So is 
there a plan to bring that technology to India? And how would the research funding that you 
have given help us in any way? And if you could slightly elaborate a bit more on maybe the 3- 
to 5-year outlook on this particular venture. How will it shape up, if you can answer those. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Sure. So I think, as you know, the semiconductor industry is a large industry, right? So choosing 
technologies, finding partnerships and getting someone to share the technology is not a very 
straightforward or easy process. However, the company that we have tied up with in the U.K. 
and have taken the equity stake is precisely to do that. Now we have access to not just the current 
generation technology, but we also have access to ongoing future improvements and future 
technologies as well. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
So that's the most fundamental thing that you need to look at when you look at investing in 
something like this in this industry, right? It's not about today, but it's about years down the line, 
the capability to deliver on changing technology, updated technology and having access to it is 
most important. So we have been able to secure that. 
 
The second thing is in terms of the synergy with IIT Bhubaneswar initiative. So we have taken 
a bit of a different approach. we are working with IIT Bhubaneswar on the research part of 
actually making silicon carbide crystal, right? This, I think, is being pioneered within India and 
no one has done it and very few, I think, have done this globally as a comprehensive combined 
effort within the semiconductor industry in terms of a company doing the silicon carbide as well, 
crystal growth. 
 
So we are trying to marry the research initiatives with the commercial aspects of developing the 
silicon carbide wafer fab. So the synergy will come from having our own silicon carbide crystal 
growth as well as being able to deliver on the wafer fab with the classic investment and tie-up 
on technology for India. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Sir, this 21% stake that we have done in U.K., does that give enough access from a 
pure percentage perspective that -- or maybe there would be further investments required to kind 
of take a much better control of those assets or that particular venture so as to have a better 
synergy in and around the semiconductor industry in India? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I think at the moment, our focus is on access. As I mentioned, it's not about control. We have 
a very good relationship with the U.K. company. And I think our tie-up provides for current and 
future access to technology. And we don't foresee any more investments into the equity side. I 
think we have got what we wanted in first phase. But I can't comment about what the future 
holds. As things may change, as things may develop, we probably will be the first in line to see 
if any other productive relationship will happen. But at the moment, I think we are restricting 
ourselves to what we have done already. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Sir, just coming back to the base business. I think we definitely had some ambitions to 
have flame retardants in our bromine derivatives portfolio. Has that been derailed for the nearer 
term? Or have we had any closure on that account? Any expectations that we can build into our 
numbers? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think it's a commercial call. It's not derailed for sure. I think it's delayed, as I mentioned, I think 
on the previous calls as well. It's easy to always put capital, but I think we want to take a 
measured approach. As someone else asked earlier on the call, it's about return on capital 
invested. So we already have a couple of initiatives going on. We would like to first deliver on 
these. And then I think the access to flame retardant and the technology and the market will 
always be available to us. 
 
So we always have a continuous dialogue with the partners on this because having our own 
bromine is our strength. Even if not now, we can always look at doing the flame retardants in 
the near future. But it is definitely not derailed. I would say that it's delayed. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. One last on the base business before I come back in the queue. Sir, if you can share in 
your opinion... 
Moderator: 
Please may I request you to return the question queue for follow-up questions as far as some 
other participants waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 
Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So first question, again on the silicon wafer initiative. So we have mentioned that we are 
targeting to manufacture these devices over the next 24, 36 months. So is there going to be an 
exclusive manufacturing by us only for any requirement of the entire company despite we are 
having maybe 21% stake as of now. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I'm going to answer this question in a manner that I have understood it. So please correct me if 
I'm wrong in my understanding. We are going -- it's going to be a commercial enterprise that's 
going to manufacture for India and for the global market, India, first, of course, because our need 
within our country is already there. 
 
And this is going to be sold manufactured by our subsidiary wholly owned and commercially 
sold to the market. There's nothing captive about this industry. But as you're also aware, a lot of 
this depends on what kind of -- as Rajeev, my colleague mentioned on government incentive 
and support, which we are hopeful of getting because that is also critical. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
All right. Just a clarification. So we will be having the exclusive manufacturing rights in India 
and then distribution across India as well as other markets. Is that correct understanding? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Yes. So the agreement is only on the exclusivity of the technology tie-up for India. In terms of 
manufacturing and sales, it's not bound by any agreement. That's purely our company's 
prerogative. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Okay. Fair. That's helpful. Second, again, on the second acquisition, the Offgrid Energy Labs. 
Here, too, we have a similar kind of arrangement that we will be doing the manufacturing on an 
exclusive basis as far as Indian market is concerned? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
The investment in Offgrid is a bit different. It's not -- it's a pure ownership into the company 
because, as we said, the synergy between zinc-bromide and our bromine business. So here, I 
think we are taking a different position. We will have the opportunity and access to the 
technology to manufacture of setup giga battery facilities. And alternatively, as shareholders or 
investors, as you can call it, where we also license the technology to others in other countries to 
set up similar giga factories. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, we will be getting probably a royalty from this initiative, wherever we are selling or 
distributing technology to other players. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I would largely think so. I think I would maybe call it like a licensing royalty fee. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And just one last. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think it's a bit premature to structure that and was broadly saying because there can be various 
combinations of how we benefit with somebody setting up the factory. It could be licensing 
royalty, it could be also on sales. So I think that structure will evolve as and when we finish our 
pilot plant and we get to demonstrate the commercial scale, which we're on track to do. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Fair. That's understanding. Just one small suggestion. We've had this exceptional item during 
this after the Q2 numbers. However, it occurred sometime in the month of August and 
September. So just a suggestion if you can give it other good corporate governance practice to 
share this particular detail, so that it doesn't become a surprise element only during the results. 
So just suggestion from my side. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think absolutely noted, I think the difficulty with something like salt is dissolves  in water. And 
it takes us some time to precisely understand the extent of the loss. So we got around to be able 
to only quantify this, I think, during the audit time for the Q2 numbers. So we've taken the 
necessary steps accordingly in terms of information, but the point noted. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Firstly, can you please give sales volume breakup of bromine, salt and SOP for this quarter? 
Raghunathan: 
Yes. For this quarter, Q2, the sale of salt is around 792,000 versus 976 in the previous year's 
quarter. And with respect to bromine, it's on 4,800 plus. 
Krishan Parwani: 
4,800. Okay. SOP is nil? 
Raghunathan: 
SOP is at around 27tonnes. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. And just a follow-up on that. I think in the initial remark, Ranjit mentioned that bromine 
production of 20,000 tons is planned for this fiscal. And I think you've already sold close to 
9,500. That means very limited divergence to derivatives. So when do you expect this to pick 
up? And what is the envisage bromine production for next fiscal? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I think the 20,000 will include some part of our captive production -- sorry, production as 
well. So I've not differentiated between captive and third-party sale, which also is the reason 
why I said we are trying to push to all in beyond 20,000 for the year. I think for next year, 
Raghunathan, sir, do we have a projection? 
Raghunathan: 
Sir, next year are likely to be at around 20,000, 25,000 tons. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, so I think with the new investments that you have done. So can you 
please highlight the capex for, let's say, various ongoing projects, including the new investment 
for this and the next year? The total outflow, I mean, if you can highlight the investment into the 
capex? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think our initial year after this outflow of investment on the equity side, for the next 6 months, 
we don't see too much of capex apart from what we're doing with Oren, I think maybe I would 
broadly put with existing initiatives, probably we will probably be between INR50 crores to 
INR75 crores over the next 6 months at the very most. The newer initiatives, I think, will 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
probably extend beyond that beyond the 6-month time frame. In the next 6 months, we don't 
anticipate any large capex. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. So for this fiscal, probably whatever that investment that you have done and INR60 crores, 
INR70 crores for the Oren Hydrocarbons, that's it? Or is there anything else that previously and 
the finishing and derivatives? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
And derivatives, yes. I would say until March, I think that's a very generous number to take. 
Krishan Parwani: 
So for derivatives, how much should we take? Should we take INR70 crores, INR80 crores or 
should we take more like INR120 crores. I think. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
No, no. No, I would say -- no, derivatives almost finished with the capex. There's not much else 
left. So that's why I said it is a very generous number, I would say, between INR50 crores and 
INR75 crores till March, definitely not more than that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunaina Chhabria from Chola Securities. 
Sunaina Chhabria: 
So I have a couple of questions. First, relating to the new ventures that are there. So with Offgrid 
Energy Labs, what is the estimated market size that is there globally and in India, and the clients 
that you are wishing to service, are these in collaboration with Offgrid? Or would this be 
separate? And are you also planning to further invest in the company? 
 
And my second question and the further question is, what would be like the profit sharing over 
here or some kind of return on investment, if you could write? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Okay. So maybe, Rajeev, you can take the question and also mention  the existing investors in 
Offgrid. 
Rajeev Kumar: 
Yes, yes. Certainly. So the first part of your question, Sunaina, was on the market size. The 
current market size for this energy storage is quite huge. It is estimated around $25 billion 
globally and expect it to grow over the year. Also the energy storage, stationary energy storage 
market is growing at a great pace in India. Just to give you a reference, last year alone in FY '24 
7 gigawatt hour of storage were awarded, which is roughly around $1 billion. 
 
Our investment in Offgrid is strategic in the sense right now and this was answered by our MD 
previously also that the return ratio or expectation or the mechanics in which we will get the 
return is still not something which has been finalized. Right now, the aim is to enable Offgrid to 
make the pilot plant, which will help them creating a blueprint for a giga factory. 
Sunaina Chhabria: 
Okay. Got it. 
Rajeev Kumar: 
So also, Sunaina to add, in Offgrid, like we mentioned, the infusion is primary in nature. We are 
not taking out any current investor. And currently, in Offgrid, you have Shell ventures as an 
investor. You also have Ankur Capital, which is a deep tech investment firm. So these two 
companies are already invested there, and they are also participating in the current round, current 
series. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Sunaina Chhabria: 
Okay. Great. My next question is relating to the Sulphate of Potash vertical. So the revenue 
contribution from SOP has been on a declining trend. And as previously mentioned, this was 
due to production being impacted by a high level of sodium chloride in the raw material. So is 
this a problem that you foresee going on in the future where the -- either the production would 
sort of stabilize or decrease even more. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
So I think if I can take this question. So the SOP, like I think we have said before, it's a chemistry 
problem. I think we have solved for it. We are working with our German partners as well as an 
Australian consultancies now. So we've already done the trial tests at the lab in Germany. We 
are going to be visiting them in the next couple of months for doing the pilot test also. 
 
And we will, before the next monsoon run these tests at a plant scale at our plant in Gujarat. And 
we believe that whatever modifications and rectifications have to be made will be made. And 
we continue to remain very bullish on SOP because the product demand -- remains firm and 
there are very few producers to be able to produce this grade and what I would probably venture 
to also a risk to say is green brine of SOP, the natural sea brine. So I think you will definitely 
hear encouraging news over the next year or so. 
Sunaina Chhabria: 
Okay. And for the capex that was also mentioned of about INR50 crores to INR75 crores, there 
is no further capex being done in like the first -- the main three verticals that would be there of 
Bromine, Industrial Salt and SOP, right? It would only be. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Not before March. 
Sunaina Chhabria: 
Not before March. And beyond that, is there -- is the company looking into further expanding 
the capacities? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think at the moment, we've already put in money into both the derivatives as well as the Oren 
Hydrocarbons acquisition and our main plant in Rann of Kutch. I think we don't anticipate too 
much capex in these businesses even after March '25. 
Sunaina Chhabria: 
All right. And my last question is related... 
Moderator: 
May I request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions, as there are several 
other participants waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate 
from KamayaKya Wealth Management. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
I just wanted to know like the guidance which you gave in the bromine of near 22,000 metric 
tons and on the salts of 4.5 million tons. Do you hold that guidance for FY 25? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Sorry, you're not very clear. Can you repeat that question? 
Tushar Raghatate: 
So the guidance of the bromine and the salt business was near to 22,000 to 25,000 metric tons 
for the bromine and for the salt was 4.5 million tons, if I'm not mistaken. So do you hold that 
guidance for the current financial year? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
I think give or take, I think there would be a 10% variance to be honest, simply because of the 
cyclone, et cetera. But I believe that we will continue to push for whatever we've guided. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Okay, sir. And sir, in the salt business, like what percentage of a logistic is FOB and CIF, like 
what is the mix? 
Raghunathan: 
Yes. Mr. Tushar, CIF is 5% to 8%, and almost 92% really on FOB basis. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it, sir. And sir, in your new energy business, battery storage. So bromide would be what 
percentage of the total cost in zinc-bromide battery? 
Rajeev Kumar: 
So this is something which depends on the various trees and also the composition of electrolyte 
in the battery. So the answer is not currently available. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipak Saha from KRChoksey Share ad Securities Private 
Limited. 
Dipak Saha 
Sir, on the Offgrid side, the investment that we have done, just one question. It's a pre-revenue 
company from my understanding. So do they have any particular space there any solution 
already available or the solution is under discovery currently? And which is where we are trying 
to run this pilot project. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
You're asking about the battery project? 
Dipak Saha 
Yes. Yes. On the battery side. The investments we have done in Offgrid. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Okay. again, I don't know if I understood your question correctly, but I'll answer it to the best of 
my ability. I think zinc-bromide technology is not new in that context. But I think what Offgrid 
has done and with their technical capabilities is found ways to make it, one, as we said, in terms 
of stability, in terms of cost and in terms of reliability, I think they have discovered something 
that is unique and possibly the only ones in the world who have done what they have done. Now 
I think the idea is to move into commercial scale demonstration and I think that's what the pilot 
plant is meant to do. 
Dipak Saha 
Okay. And since because of this limitation of questions, just one more question, I'll get back on 
the queue. So on the Chinese side, I mean, we are dealing with a lot of Chinese players. So 
recently, we have seen a lot of recovery related stimulus being given on the Chinese front. So 
any kind of commentary if you can give, what are the early indications we are picking from -- I 
think we have two of the large players in China are delivering some of your specialty chemicals. 
So if you can just highlight that what is the incremental commentary on trend we are picking 
from China front? 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
 I think you asked me a very global question. I don't know how many experts there are out there, 
who are trying to still figure out what goes on in China. So I won't claim to be one of them. I 
think from our own little exposure to the Chinese market in terms of what we do. I think the 
companies we deal with a large, very stable and they're fundamentally sound. And I think from 
what our demand is looking like, I think we are continuing to see a stable demand from our 
customers. 

 
 
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
Yes. I think prices across all industries, not just chemicals, but I think across all industries, I 
think is a bit of a challenge and a bit of a struggle in China. And we will not be an exception to 
that. But I think, as I mentioned in my earlier commentary, that as the market evolves, suppliers, 
we also have to evolve. But I think we have to keep an eye on the longer-term benefits of these 
relationships. 
Moderator: 
We will take that as the last question. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Ranjit Pendurthi: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your support and your patience as our 
company continues to perform and deliver on its various strategic initiatives, and we continue 
to be encouraged by your faith in the company and what we do and showing interest and taking 
the efforts to reach out to us. 
 
In case of any queries, please feel free to get in touch with us or SGA, our Investor Relations 
advisors. And we look forward to meeting all of you shortly over the next call over the next few 
quarters. Thank you, and wish you all a very happy and prosperous New Year and Merry 
Christmas as well as we will probably be talking after that in the new year. Thank you once 
again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Archean Chemical Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
