0 SUMITOMO CHEM’CAL 'NDIA LTD. 
Corporate Office: 13/14, Aradhana IDC 
Near 
Virwani 
Industial 
Estate, 
Goregaon 
(Eas! 
Corporate Identty Number (CIN)- L24110MH2000PLC120226 
 ppnpr 
- sog ooy 
Eotate Goregaon (Eas 
Fax . +91.22.4252 2380 
micherminda,.co in 
SCIL/SEC/2024 
5th November, 2024 
To: 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of 
Listing Department, 
India Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra East, 
Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Sub: Written Transcript of Earnings Call held on 29t October, 2024 
Dear Sirs, 
This has reference to our letter, intimating about the earnings call on 
29th 
October, 2024 with Investors/Analysts to discuss financial performance of the 
Company 
for the quarter and half year ended 30t September, 
2024, 
and 
weblink for the audio-recording of the call submitted to you on 2%h October, 
2024. 
Please find enclosed herewith written transcript of the aforesaid earnings call. 
The 
said 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website: 
https://sumichem.co.in/investors-relations.php#Announcements. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
DeepikaZ 
=, 
Tri 
e 
Deepika Trivedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance 
Encl: a/a 
Office Bcing 
No. 1. Grouns Foox Shart Maner Cocp. Housng Sooety L, Chakravart Ashok X Road, Kandvé East), Mumn:- 400 101 Tel. +91.22.2866 6666 
Segreret

«» SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIALTD. 
“Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Q2 and HI FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2024 
E&OE 
- This transcript 
is 
edited for factual errors. 
In 
case 
of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 29 October 2024 will prevail. 
<« SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIALTD. 
‘ 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DR. SURESH RAMACHANDRAN — DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. MASANORI UZAWA — NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. KUNAL MITTAL — SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
PLANNING AND COORDINATION OFFICE 
MR. ANIL NAWAL — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MSs. DEEPIKA TRIVEDI — COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Page 1 0f22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Moderator: 
Chetan Shah: 
October 29, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sumitomo Chemical India Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY '25 Eamings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management today, we have on the call Mr. Chetan Shah, Managing Director; Mr. 
Masanori Uzawa, Non-Executive Director; Dr. Suresh Ramachandran, Deputy Managing 
Director; Mr. Kunal Mittal, Senior Vice President, Planning and Coordination Office; Mr. Anil 
Nawal, Chief Financial Officer; Mrs. Deepika Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer; and colleagues from SGA, the Investor Relation advisors. 
Now I hand over the conference to Mr. Chetan Shah, Managing Director of Sumitomo 
Chemical India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good afternoon to all of you, and wish you a very, 
very happy Dhanteras. Welcome to the conference call to discuss the Q2 and H1 financial year 
'24-25 financial performances of our company, Sumitomo Chemical India Limited. 
India's monsoon rainfall, according to IMD, over the country from June to September 2024 
was 107.6% of its long period average. India received 11.6% more rainfall than average in 
September month alone, following 9% and 15.3% above average rainfall in July and August, 
respectively. This excess and uneven rainfall disupted the timing of crop protection activities. 
Farmers faced difficulties with agrochemical applications, resulting in missed or delaying it 
spraying schedules, which affected the consumption of agrochemical products. 
Additionally, cotton acreage declined sharply, especially in North India where the reduction 
was nearly 40%. Many farmers shifted away from cotton, one of the crops with the highest 
pesticide consumption, towards other 
alternatives. Delayed monsoon withdrawals 
also 
damaged some kharif season crops like rice, cotton, soybean, corn and pulses in certain regions 
of India. 
Recognizing the challenging market dynamics, we focused during the first 6 months on 
volume growth. Through close monitoring and suitable corrections in both purchases and sales 
pricing, we successfully maintained stable profitability for the first 6 months. 
Our gross profit margin expanded by 421 basis points year-over-year to 42.6%, driven by 
introduction of new products, normalization of export markets to some extent, and which has 
been impacted by high inventories last year and rigorous cost optimization in procurement. 
Thus, despite headwinds our focus on maintaining profitability through volume growth and 
‘managing margins demonstrated strong results. 
Page 2 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Anil Nawal: 
October 29, 2024 
Our Every Day Farmer's Day campaign of 100 days continued to foster deeper engagement 
with farmers, enhancing product awareness and adoption. Notably, new product launches such 
as Meshi, Ormie and Portion gained significant traction, driving 65% year-over-year growth in 
sales of these offerings. 
The export market, which faced challenges 
last year due to inventory overhang, has 
normalized significantly. We experienced robust sales rebound across key geographies, 
including Japan and South America, reflecting a positive shift in global demand. At the same 
time, we continue to maintain strong focus on financial discipline through tight controls over 
collections, and ensuring timely payments as well as minimizing sales retums through 
proactive inventory and liquidation tracking. 
The water level in 155 major reservoirs in the country is at 87% of the capacity, which is 
higher than last year's level as well as the normal range. The highest storage level will 
encourage farmers to go for higher acreage in Rabi season. Besides better soil moisture on 
account of above, will also aid in higher planting of the crops. 
The government also has set an ambitious target of 341,55 million tons of food grain 
production in '24-25, representing a 3% increase from the previous year. All these factors will 
potentially drive agrochemical consumption in the upcoming Rabi season. 
In summary, despite volatile market environment, Sumitomo Chemical India Limited has 
demonstrated resilience and adaptability, balance, short-term challenges with long-term 
strategic priorities. Our focus on profitability, new product development, market recovery and 
financial discipline has positioned us well for the future. 
With that, T now hand over the call to Mr. Anil Nawal to please take you through our Q2 and 
H1 financial year '24-25 consolidated financial performance. Thank you. Thank you very 
much. 
Thank you, sir. FY '24-25 financial performance. We recorded revenue of INR99S crores in 
Q2 FY '24-25, up by 9% as compared to INR903 crores in Q2 FY '23-24, Sequentially, the 
revenue was up by 18% from INR839 crores in Q1 FY '24-25. Gross margin in Q2 FY '24-25 
ate 42.6%, which is up by 421 basis points as compared to 38.4% in Q2 FY '23-24. Gross 
‘margin also witnessed sequential improvement of 365 basis points from 38.9% in Q1 FY '24- 
'25. 
EBITDA came in at INR245 crores in Q2 FY '24-25, witnessing a jump of 31%, as compared 
to INRISS crores in the same period last year. Sequentially, EBITDA was up by 52% fiom 
INR161 crotes in Q1 FY '24-25. EBITDA margin in the current quarter stood at 24.8%, up by 
402 basis points as compared to 20.8% in Q2 FY '23-24. Employee and operating expenses 
remained stable, ensuring the increased gross profit translated directly into higher profitability. 
Profit after tax stood at INR193 crores in Q2 FY '24-25 as compared to INR143 crores in the 
same quarter last year, a jump of 34%. Sequentially, PAT was up by 52% from this INR127 
crores in Q1 FY '24-25. PAT margin stood at 19.5%, up by 360 basis points vis-a-vis 15.9% in 
Q2FY 23-24. 
Page 3 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
October 29, 2024 
Now coming to our consolidated performance for H1 '24-25. Revenue from operations in H1 
FY '24-25 stood at INR1,827 crores, up by 12% as compared to INR1,628 crores in Hl FY 
'23-24. In H1 FY '24-25, domestic agrochemical revenue contributed about 83% of overall 
revenues, with export contributing the rest. In H1 FY '24-25, insecticides contributed about 
39% of total revenue, while herbicide plant growth regulator and fungicide contributed about 
26%, 11% and 9% of total revenue, respectively. 
The proportion of export earnings as a percent of total revenue has experienced a notable 
increase, jumping from approximately 11% in H1 FY 23-24 to around 17% in H1 FY '24-25. 
This was on account of normalization of export demand compared to last year wherein excess 
inventory had constrained sales with robust sales rebound across key geographies. H1 FY '24- 
25 sales to South America and Japan increased by 167% and 122%, respectively, as compared 
to the same period last year. 
EBITDA stood at INR406 crores in H1 FY '24-'25, witnessing a jump of 51% 
as compared to 
INR269 crores in H1 FY '23-24. Our EBITDA margin stood at 
% in H1 FY 24-25 as 
compared to 16.5% in the same period last year. The profit after tax for the H1 FY '24-25 
amounted to INR319 crores, reflecting an increase of 56%, as compared to previous year's 
figure of INR205 crores. 
With that, 
T would like to hand over now to Dr. Suresh. 
Thanks, Anil. Good afternoon, everybody. First of all, I wish you all a happy festive season. 
So in this call, 
I would like to highlight you about our unique 100-day pan-India campaign that 
we focused on during the last quarter, starting from June. I would like to talk about that a little 
bit. 
We took a 100-day campaign pan-India demand generation campaign, namely Every Day 
Fammers’ Day campaign, also termed as EDFD campaign. EDFD 
is 
a flagship outreach 
initiative by Sumitomo Chemical India Limited designed to enhance connections with farmers 
and distributors. The objective of the campaign was to build sustained momentum in the field 
and market through high-intensity demand generation activities. 
Meetings with 25 or more farmers and channel partners were qualified as EDFD mectings. 
About 17,000 meetings were conducted during the 100-day period from early June till the end 
of September actoss various parts of the country, ensuring direct interaction and fostering 
engagement. Over 5.5 lakh farmers were engaged during this campaign through these 
meetings, facilitating awareness and knowledge sharing. Almost 17,000-plus channel partners 
were involved to strengthen relationships, enhance product visibility and improve the 
distribution network. 
A significant number of meetings were held with farmers across multiple regions, offering 
insights and technical training to enhance their productivity. We also connected with an 
impressive network distributors, ensuring they were well equipped with product knowledge 
and ready to serve farmers effectively. 
Page 4 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Moderator: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Chetan Shah: 
October 29, 2024 
Our emphasis was more on intensive training and equipping farmers with best practices in crop 
management, pest control and sustainable farming techniques. Distributed trainings were 
undertaken to ensure the product knowledge is always at the forefront. 
The campaign resulted in a 144% increase in our website traffic, highlighting the impact on 
online presence and resource consumption. The campaign extended the reach on Facebook by 
205%, substantially increasing engagement and visibility among the agriculture community. 
There was a 54% increase in YouTube subscription, reflecting greater interest in Sumitomo 
digital content. 
The company’s new offering products such as Meshi, Ormie and Portion contributed to a 65% 
growth compared to the same period last year, reflecting successful adoption of these newly 
launched products. 
The campaign strengthened trust with the farmers and channel partners, promoted better 
agricultural practices, and positioned Sumitomo as a reliable industry leader. The campaign 
embodied the company's commitment to empowering agricultural stakeholders with advanced 
product knowledge and agronomic best practices. 
On account of this campaign, farmers and channel partners have come closer and trust us more 
due to the consistent engagement and support. Our frontline managers received direct 
recognition from top management. 
To conclude the EDFD campaign elevated demand generation activities to the next level. The 
success of this campaign has laid the foundation for EDFD season 2 planned from November 
2024 to February 2025, coinciding with Rabi season, aiming for further scale-up and 
engagement and impact. The EDFD 2 campaign will also serve as a prelaunch initiative for 
some of our highly anticipated blockbuster product launches in India, along with actively 
promoting our existing products. 
So with that, 
T tun over to the moderator, please. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. 
Sir, we have done pretty well on the margins and that has been when exports have more than 
doubled. Is it that new export orders are of high margins and will continue to be the case? 
Because historically, we have been saying that exports as well as domestic would be around 
20-0dd percent EBITDA margin, but we have easily crossed that this time? 
Yes. So you typically, the Rabi season margins are always lower than the Kharif season. 
However, having said that, I think we are - we believe that we are in a position of very, very 
sustainable input costs. And we don't see our selling prices going down at all during Rabi 
season. So with this combination and also the product mix of Rabi season, which we are 
planning. 
T think our margins should be definitely superior to the historic levels. 
I cannot 
guarantee that 
it will be to the level of Kharif season or not, but they definitely better than 
Page 5 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Kunal Mittal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Chetan Shah: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Chetan Shah: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Chetan Shah: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Moderator: 
Yash Goenka: 
Kunal Mittal: 
October 29, 2024 
historic rabi seasons. And we are hopeful that our endeavor will be to maintain these margins 
altogether. 
And just to add, T think what you had asked is that exports margin specifically were higher. So 
that was not the case. 
I think what Shah san commented gives a good comprehensive picture of 
the total business, both domestic and exports, and it was not like a few particular exports order 
of higher margin. This was comprehensive growth in the business, and it should be read that 
way. 
Sure. And sir, how are you looking at H2 demand-wise both domestic and export market? 
We are very optimistic about the second season. As I mentioned earlier, there is enough water, 
and there is even a lot of moisture in the soil, which is very conducive for the second crop. 
And we expect that the sowing by the farmers will definitely increase. And we feel that there 
will be a robust demand in the second half. 
Sure. And lastly, on the Dahej plant, have we got EC approval? And have you firmed up any 
plans on the capex there? 
Yes. So I'm happy to inform you that, yes, last month, o during this month, we received the 
EC clearance without any specific conditions. And so - and it is whatever was our application, 
we got clearance on all our products. 
Now we are in the process of deciding the cluster of products to be manufactured in the first 
phase, second phase, etcetera. There is 
1 phase, which is that we want to manufacture the 
products of -~ manufactured or introduced by Japan, and that is under deep discussion as of 
date. 
As soon as we clear that, and some of the generic product portfolio that is within ourselves, we 
have to decide which cluster of products to go for, we will be, now that the environment 
clearance is out of the way, we are now on a speedy path of deciding this and getting ready to 
implement the project. 
Okay. And sir, like carlier times, it should be north of INR300 crores? 
Yes, that is what we have planned. 
Okay. That's it from my side, and congrats on a good set of numbers. 
The next question is from the line of Yash Goenka from Awriga Capital Advisors LLP. 
Okay. Can you break 
up the export business, which goes to the parent and export of technical, 
which was first Excel Crop business in H1? And how does 
it — how both of these business 
look for the next 12 months and long term? 
Yes. So see, when we look at our exports, large part of this exports is for the off-patent 
segment, which as you rightly mentioned it is from the erstwhile Excel Crop Care portfolio. 
And that business has contributed to the large part of the exports which we had during this 
Page 6 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Yash Goenka: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Yash Goenka: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Moderator: 
Priyank Chheda: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
October 29, 2024 
quarter, while the exports of the specialty products to our parent company, Sumitomo in the - 
in that regard, that business is also continuing, but that business is continuing at a normal level, 
while exports of the basic business is contributing to the large part of the group, which we had. 
Out of these numbers, about 75% is coming from third parties, exports, and about roughly 25% 
comes from... 
Okay. And outlook for this for the next 12 months and long term? 
See, the outlook, the inventory situation is easing out in those markets, and we expect to 
continue the volume growth. Of course, price may not grow, probably may take a slight 
beating also. But overall, it looks optimistic, 
I would say. 
Okay. And my second question is, on the LATAM agri season, which is starting in September, 
how -- what are the early trends you can see there? 
LATAM season will start. So the early signs fom LATAM market are positive. And that is 
something which 
is contiibuting to this growth 
in exports, especially in the off-patent 
segment. If you see our geographical breakup, there are good shipments to Latin America 
market. And while we don't think the problems are fully solved in terms of the inventory 
situation and all those things, but at least whatever we are hearing, there is a volume uptake in 
the market. 
The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. 
This s Priyank from Vallum Capital. Sir, my question is on domestic industry. If you see, we 
have growth for HI at 5%, that is on a lower base. Last year we did see almost a price decline 
of 25% - 30%. And on that base, we have just grown at 5%. We were looking at a point of 
time to grow at 12%, 15%. So how should we look for the domestic industry in terms of value 
growth I'm sure volumes would be higher. So in terms of value growth, what should be the 
growth that we should look forward for in FY '25? 
So I think what you were asking specifically is about, let's say, quarter-to-quarter situation. We 
have always maintained that for industry like us, I think quarter-to-quarter is very difficult, 
because I think like in this particular, the monsoon season in India, it's a very important driver, 
spreads over 2 quarters. 
So quarter-to-quarter, we should not look at 
it. But if you look at the comprehensive 
performance for the entire monsoon season, kharif season, first half, then the numbers are, I 
think, encouraging. And we have growth volumes, I think, significantly as compared to last 
year in that regard. 
Just to add to that point, in the first quarter, yes, volume growth was very good. In the second 
quarter, because of the continuous rains in August and September, the consumption got 
interrupted at the ground level. That impacted 1 to 2 sprays of overall spray in crop protection 
activities that has impacted in August and September in terms of overall growth. 
Page 7 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Kunal Mittal: 
Priyank Chheda: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Priyank Chheda: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Priyank Chheda: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Moderator: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
October 29, 2024 
The volume growth is upwards of 15% plus. So what you mentioned like a single digit, low 
single digit, that could be like a one quarter kind of phenomena, but we kind of would like to 
analyze the performance for the 6 months basis. And in that, I think this 15% to 16% kind of 
volume growth s quite encouraging for us. 
Sure, definitely, sir, we understand — I was looking out for all of the season, which is H1. H1 
to H1, the value growth is around 5%. That's what I was alluding to. Yes, I got 
it. So what I 
was looking for is that, how should we look for the full year? Would our aspirations around 
10% to 12% growth or 10% to 12% to 15% growth continue? Because we had a couple of 
good product launches in FY 24 and new product launches lined up in FY '25. So given the 
new product launches, which has both focus on specialty, how should we look for growth for 
domestic industry — for domestic segment for the full year? 
So given that in the first half, as you said, we have recorded about 5% growth, for a full year 
scale, we are looking at 12% growth, that may be too stretching. Probably I would look at 
about 9% to 10% growth on a full year basis. 
Perfect. My second question is on the Tarapur plant where we had 3 products which were 
exclusive for the parent, because of the macro environment that got shifted, the targets got 
shifted to FY '26 in terms of full production. So any challenges, any revisions on that side? Or 
are we intent to do that full utilization in FY '26 onwards? 
So the situation remains almost same as we had mentioned on the last call, and there is no 
change in the situation. And as you rightly mentioned, at this point of time, that plant is not 
having a very robust level of production, and we are waiting and watching the situation, how it 
progresses. 
Okay. And just last question on the glyphosate industry. Overall, how has been the — if you 
can just allude more towards how has been the supply and demand side of glyphosate in terms 
of supply from the China, demand from the Latin America or from the African markets, how 
has that been over the last 
6 months? 
See, glyphosate, the domestic market is the first half up to H1, the product has been by and 
large stable, and the volume consumption has increased. Of course, prices dropped compared 
to last year. But in terms of overall growth, volume has grown definitely. 
The second half is the general export market. We generally export only to African countries 
and some few other countries, but not to LATAM. African countries demand also looks good. 
Of course, now only the things will start moving in Africa. In terms of pricing, it's by and large 
stable for the last few months. 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is regarding the gross margin 
and EBITDA margin because we've clocked the highest ever gross margin and EBITDA 
margin. I mean considering the new product launches that you have done, is it fair to assume 
Page 8 0f22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Chetan Shah: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Chetan Shah: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Chetan Shah: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Chetan Shah: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
October 29, 2024 
that this kind of margins are sustainable? Not absolute number, but at least this kind of range, 
is it possible to sustain? 
Yes. We feel that with the kind of strategy that we have taken on both purchases and sales and 
positioning our products and improving the product mix, we feel that the margins are 
sustainable within a range. And surely, our endeavor will be, now that we have achieved this, 
our endeavor will be to sustain this going forward. 
Okay. Sir, another question is on the domestic quarterly numbers. I know you said that it's 
more to - it's better to look at the annual numbers. But if I look at the only domestic number 
for the quarter, revenue has declined by 3%. So is it possible to give the split between volume 
and value just to understand if the volumes have grown? Has there been a decline on the 
prices? 
So prices have declined on an average by 15% for sure in the quarter, or right from the first 
quarter itself. And whatever -- I think we have grown our volume by at least 26% - 25%, 
26%, we have increased our volumes. So even in the Q2, if we are saying that it is 3% lower, 
that means that we have grown the volumes by almost 12%. 
Got 
it, 
sir. And another thing, with respect to environmental clearance report, which 
is 
available in the public domain, as I see that the capex amount mentioned over there is closer to 
INR600 crores - INR650-0dd crores, if I'm not wrong. So is it like a phased manner in which 
we are going to do the capex? Because you are mentioning about INR300 crores of capex. 
So as 
I mentioned 
that we are discussing the cluster-wise phase-wise production. So maybe the 
first phase will be around this amount. And if we go in for the full site development, it can cost 
'you INR600 crores - INR700 crores. 
Got it, sir. And this INR300 crores capex is for the older molecules, which parent wants to 
shift to India? Or are there any blockbuster new products altogether? 
So it is a mix of both. What we are planning — what we are thinking is there is 
1 or 2 old 
products, there is 1 or 2 new products. And then there are various generic products which we 
would like to set up a kitchen plant, whereby we have a flexibility of manufacturing any 
product campaign-wise. So these are the 3 blocks basically that we are looking at. One is the 
new products from Japan, one is older products from Japan, and one the domestic basic, 
generic products. 
Okay. And sir, in the first half, previously, you used to give the name of products that we used 
to launch. If you can — is it possible to mention the number of product launches in the first half 
of this year? 
We have launched this Portion. 
I mean it's there in the, I think, investor presentation. Portion, 
Ormie we launched. These are the 2 products that we launched. And towards the end of last 
year, we launched Tribasic Copper in the name of 2 brands. And also this year, we launched 
insecticide Yunico in 2 different formulations. So about 6 products we launched in H1. 
Page 9 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Chetan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
October 29, 2024 
So all these products were there last year, if I'm not wrong: Yunico, Ormie, Portion. T mean 
because the investor PPT says that we've already grown on that older base. 
What it meant was, 
it was combined as an overall new product portfolio. This Ormie and 
Portion were launched this year, Meshi also, whereas Yunico also this year. Last year was 
products like basic Copper was launched. Promalin was launched. So it's overall combination 
of new products have grown by 65%. 
Got it. And is it possible to quantify what this amount would be in terms of absolute number, 
the new product launches that you are mentioning? 
Just a second. 
See, we do not like to give the product-wise numbers. But as we have mentioned in the past 
that we keep tracking all the products launched in the last 2 to 3 years, kind of the new 
products which we have launched. And these products are contributing something between 8% 
t0 9% of our revenue in the current year. 
Okay. 8% to 9%. So last year, probably, we were closer to maybe 3% to 4% of our overall 
revenue. Right? 
Yes. 
Because we've grown 65% only on the old base. 
All the products launched in the last 3 years. 
Okay. And just one last thing. With respect to the farm equipment, what we have mentioned in 
the last couple of con call that you were even looking to add farm equipment to the Indian 
entity. So if you can throw some light or any progress on that front. 
This is part of that Sumika. You want to explain, Kunal? 
Yes. So I think we are still under the discussions and in the planning stage in discussion with 
our parent company and our global affiliates. And that particular entity has both seed 
businesses and farm equipment. What we believe is that we have mentioned it as a strategy for 
the growth over medium to long term, we are not expecting that in short term they will really 
contribute a lot of, I think, our growth because these things take time in Indian market. 
These products are made in Japan, a very high level of technology. So we will have to do a lot 
of evaluation, expansion and understanding the market, which we are in the process of. And 
we should not expect too much revenues coming in the short term, but this is more a strategy 
for the long term to medium-term growth, and diversification. 
Got 
it, 
sir. And just last thing to conclude, that anything on the IT chemicals or the 
semiconductor side are you looking at? 
Page 10 0of 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Kunal Mittal: 
Moderator: 
S. Ramesh: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
October 29, 2024 
Something exactly similar like this thing, 
I think the discussions are on with our global 
affiliates and our global colleagues in terms of understanding the Indian market, the landscape, 
the opportunity side, and what will be the right time and the right business model for that. So 
still at the drawing board and discussion. But discussions are progressing on a regular basis. 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equitics. 
Thank you very much and congratulations on the numbers and wish you a happy Diwali. So if 
you look at the growth in exports and the absolute number, you done about INR300 crores — 
close to INR300 crores in the first half. So in terms of the overall growth, if you say on an 
annual basis over the next 2 years, would you expect to maintain the domestic and export share 
at whatever you've reported in first half? Or do you see exports actually growing faster given 
that they are coming from a lower base, and perhaps in terms of volume growth, you may see a 
better tracking? How do you see that? And does it have any impact on your margins? 
As you said, the margin of export is lower. In terms of margin, if you look at percentage 
growth, yes, for sure, export is likely to be slightly higher than the domestic market. Sorry, I 
missed the other question. What was the... 
The growth in exports will be more than the domestic market. 
Yes, because the base is lower. As a percentage growth, it will be definitely higher. 
Yes. But on your question that our margins, will there be a significant impact because of this? 
We do not believe because, broadly, our margins in exports and domestic are not significantly 
different. Some percentage points here and there. But broadly, we would like to have good 
margins in both the businesses, exports and domestic. And exports growth is expected to be 
higher than domestic, as you rightly pointed out, because last year base was very low. But in 
the domestic market also, we want to continue our growth momentum in the second half 
because of various sectors, which were mentioned by our MD, Mr. Chetan Shah sir and also 
Dr. Suresh. 
Okay. So if you look at your track record in terms of new launches in the last 18 months, I 
think you launched 13 products in the last 18 months, 6 products last year, another 3 -- or 6 
this year. So if you take the whole basket of new products, what is the kind of growth you 
would continue to expect and what kind of share they could have in your portfolio, say, over 
the next 2 - 3 years? And would that give you higher margins? And what are the kind of target 
size you have for the 3 products you mentioned Portion, Ormie and Meshi in terms of the 
market size? 
The market is enormous. It fits into multiple crops. It could be in thousands of crores. But 
obviously, can we do everything? It's not possible to have addressed everywhere. If we get at 
least a 20% - 25% growth on these molecules or these brands year-on-year, I think that itself is 
a very decent growth. And we want to grow these newer products, which are new chemistry 
and some of them are patented also. And that's what our endeavor is. 
Page 11 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
S. Ramesh: 
Kunal Mittal: 
S. Ramesh: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
S. Ramesh: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
October 29, 2024 
Okay. So in terms of your plans to supply the 5 molecules to Japan, when do you plan to start 
that? And what's the business plan for next year? And when do you think youll reach the full 
target of INR220 crores - INR250 crores? 
As we had explained, I think, in the last call also, lets divide that business in 2 parts. And 1 
plant out of these 2 has started full level production and full level business. Last year, we 
booked a little bit revenues, but current year, we are targeting full level of production and full 
commercialization of these products in terms of shipment to our parent company and global 
affiliate. 
And the second plant — so this particular first plant is at Bhavnagar, which is doing the full 
production this year. The second plant, which is at Bhavnagar, as we mentioned eatlier also in 
one of the questions, I think the production level currently is low in this particular plant 
because of various global market situation and registration kind of delays. And we are 
monitoring the situation. And hopefully, our plans are that if next year we can use this plant for 
-- to some levels. 
Okay. If I can squeeze in one more thought. Any thoughts you can share on how Barrix has 
performed in the consolidated results? And when you see that giving a meaningful impact on 
your revenue and bottom line? 
So we believe that by end of this year, I think it should start giving us contribution, keeping in 
mind the overall size of Barrix. In terms of the total SCIL numbers, it's still the impact is likely 
to be not material for next 2 or 3 years kind of a period. But on a stand-alone basis, they are 
showing significant growth in the current year, very good growth as compared to their past 
trends in the current year. And also in terms of both top line and profitability level, we believe 
that they were very close to breakeven levels till last year. And in current year, whatever 
growth they are having, which is a significant growth over last year, it is adding directly to 
their bottom line. 
So by end of this year, we believe that as a stand-alone entity, Barrix would have completed 
this year with a significant growth over last year with good profitability levels and much 
higher the profitability level would also be at a very, very decent level. But in the overall 
‘numbers of SCIL, they will not be material for the next 2 or 3 years. 
Yes. Just to recollect, the strategic intent of this acquisition was to enter into a new segment, 
green chemistry, environmentally safe chemistry, and like Kunal said, mid-term to long-term 
strategy, and that was the intent behind that. 
Okay. How many of the new products will be in the bio and sustainable category? Because 
SCC Japan has a lot of strength there. In the products you have launched as on date, how many 
of them are bio and what is the thought process in terms of biological products in the next 
coming years? 
See, there are - we are -- globally, we have another group company, which is called Valent 
BioSciences, which only specializes in biostimulants or biological products, the so-called 
green chemistry products. And we are in discussions with them. Some of the products we have 
Page 12 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Moderator: 
Darshita Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Darshita Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
October 29, 2024 
launched already. Some of the products are under development. Some of the products are 
under pipeline, which will all come eventually. They also acquired globally another company, 
another green chemistry company last year. We are evaluating that portfolio also currently to 
bring into India. 
So it would definitely add to our portfolio as we move forward in the coming years. Every 
year, at least 1 or 2 products we would keep adding in this segment. 
The next question is from the line of Darshita from Antique Broking, Please go ahead. 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity and happy Dhanteras wishes the team. My first 
question was regarding the price decline impact that you have seen in the first half. Should we 
expect — can we expect it to normalize or the base to normalize in the second half 
of the year? 
Sorty, can you please repeat the question? 
Sir, the price decline impact that we have seen in the first half 
of the year, can we expect that 
all of it is already priced in into the base and that the second half should not have any price 
decline impact any further on Y-o-Y basis? 
Yes, that is true. 
Yes. That is what our Managing Director also commented at the beginning in his opening 
comments or during the question and answer. Yes, all are factored in, and we don't expect any 
further price drop in the second half. 
Yes. But as compared to last year, second half, there will still be negative delta of the prices, 
but it will be lower than the impact which we had in the first half. Because if you remember, 
our — in some of the earlier comments, we commented that the price drop in first half was 
between 10% to 15% on an average. So that much delta will not be there in the second half. It 
will be lower than that. 
‘With respect to our market share in the first half of the year in the domestic market, what 
would it be? 
It's too early to talk about market share because we just closed the quarter. And we don't look 
at quarter-wise or half yearly market share. We look at full year market share once the year 
gets completed, maybe after 3 or 4 months, only those kind of data would come out. 
My third question was regarding the CRAMS contribution. Kunal did explain that the 
Bhavnagar plant is at full level production. Are you still expecting INR150 crores of revenue 
to come through from the CRAMS product portfolio for FY '25? 
So we would not like to give the specific about any product or any particular plant. But yes, all 
the plants which we had for that particular Bhavnagar plant, that kind of revenue we are 
expecting current year. 
Page 13 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Darshita Shah: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Moderator: 
Viraj: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Moderator: 
Himanshu Binani: 
Kunal Mittal: 
October 29, 2024 
Okay. And my last question was regarding the scale-up that we have seen in the off-patent 
portfolio, that Suresh sir mentioned that contributes about 75-0dd percent overall export. Is it 
safe to assume that this is a sourcing shift benefit that we were expecting from the Nufarm 
business that was acquired by the parent? Is it a part - the strong growth that we are seeing, is 
it a part of the sourcing shift benefit that you were anticipating to come through from — to 
come in from China to India? 
Yes, actually. 
Yes. So, see this particular portfolio, which Dr. Suresh mentioned eatlier, off-patent segment, 
which is the erstwhile Excel Crop Care portfolio. So this particular portfolio, they have third- 
party customers. And yes, they also do shipments to our affiliates in Nufarm, Latin America. 
So that business is both ways. It is growing both in third-party customers because it has a very 
wide portfolio in terms of products and countries and geographies and registrations. So it is 
growing in third-party customers. And it is also benefited by the -- by some of our affiliates, 
taking more shipments from SCIL India. And that is also so they are getting benefit because of 
that. But rather the entire growth is coming only because of LATAM, that is not the case. We 
are also growing in other products, other geographies, other customers. 
Okay. And sorry, just one last question, if I can squeeze in. So, Chetan Ji mentioned about the 
EBITDA margin to be in a certain range. The rate that we usually follow is about 18% to 20%. 
For FY 125, are we expecting it to probably be as high as 20% to 22-0dd percent or something, 
some number like that? 
No. I think as our MD sir mentioned, I think we would think -- would like to believe that our 
EBITDA level margins should, I think, continue in the same range, 18% to 20%. And in the 
past also, we have seen that in certain quarters, in certain situations, generate EBITDA which 
are higher than this range. But on a full year basis, keeping in mind all the factors on domestic 
market, off-patent products, specialty, new products, exports, everything together, we should 
somewhere be in the similar range, 18% to 20% kind of EBITDA level growth 
-- EBITDA 
level margins. 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. Please go ahead. 
My question is already answered. Thank you. 
Question is already answered. We can move to the next question. 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Binani from Anand Rathi. Please go ahicad. 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers, and happy festive season to the management. 
So sir, my first question was largely on the capex side. So what has been the capex amount for 
first half of FY 257 
This would not be a very material level because we have not added any kind of capacities or 
anything like that. It would be in the nature of maybe some sort of a maintenance capex in the 
Page 14 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Himanshu Binani: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Himanshu Binani: 
October 29, 2024 
range of maybe INR20 crores 
- INR30 crores max. And as you remember, in 23-24, our 
capacities level were certainly lower because of a lot of global factors and lower volumes. So 
overall capital utilizations have come down. 
So this year, we are trying to increase the capacity levels, but we are not planning any kind of a 
significant capex in current year. We have done a few capex projects in last 2 years or 3 years 
in terms of new land and new plant set up. And this year, the plants are more to ramp up the 
volumes from that capex, which is already done. And the next cycle of capex, as Chetan sit 
mentioned earlier, is likely to come at Dahiej, but we are still in finalization of the plans for 
that. And once the plans are finalized, approved by the Board, it will be announced in due 
course. 
So this year, I think in the first half, we have not incurred too much capex. And that is how we 
are sceing this current year. 
Got 
it, 
sir. And sir, secondly, continuing with the previous participant's question on the 
EBITDA margin side. So what I understand is that during the first half, we did upwards of 
22%. And going by this current trend, basically, what we have done in the last year second half 
is somewhere around a 17% sort of number, and we are still sticking to somewhere around 
18% to 20% sort of like FY '25 EBITDA margin. 
So to have this sort of like range, so we need to like - actually we are declining during the 
second half as compared to the last year lower base of second half in terms of the margin. So 
what is like restricting the management in terms of the margins basically, what -- so maybe if 
you can like clariSfy on this side. 
Himanshu, we would like to be more, I think, realistic, and I think while we have got very 
good EBITDA margins in this particular quarter, almost to the extent of 24% 
- 25%, as you 
rightly mentioned, but we will keep trying. I think we are not saying that we are going to drop 
this EBITDA level margins as I think we already explained in detail by both, I think, Mr. Shah 
and Dr. Suresh, that we are trying to maintain this superior performance. 
For sure, we will take our best, and we are not expecting that the margins in H2 are going to be 
historically lower as compared to past. But on a fundamental basis, what we are saying s, if 
you look at all the quarters in the investor presentation also on 18, Slide number 18, I think all 
our margins have broadly remained in the range of 18%, 20% on a full year basis. 
And there are catches of quarters, even if you look at Q2 in '22 and also Q2 in financial year 
'23, we had done 23%, 24%, 25% kind of EBITDA levels. So even in that year on a full year 
basis, we did 18%, 20% kind of EBITDA level because in some of the quarters, which are low 
in terms of sales like Q3 and Q4, the EBITDA levels drop. So, on a full year basis, we will try 
to maintain the 18% - 20% kind of a range, which we believe is a very healthy profitability 
range. 
Sir, I completely take that. But then, sir, if you look at the last year second half, so we have 
like a lower base of last year second half. And maybe the last year number can be like treated 
Page 150f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Kunal Mittal: 
Chetan Shah: 
October 29, 2024 
as an aberration. So maybe if I compare that with FY '23 numbers also, which happens to be 
like lower in terms of the margins. 
So basically, in terms of math, basically, they actually try to work out with the average 
numbers to the last year second half, despite all the difficulties, we did somewhere around the 
17% sort of margins. So, if we are like sticking with that range of 18%, 20% of anmualized or 
an FY 25 numbers, so maybe have to like decline basically as compared to the second half last 
year. 
So Himanshu, what we are looking is we are looking at last 3 years average. So let's say, last 
year, could be aberration in certain quarters, there were very low profitability in certain 
quarters, this was high profitability. So we honestly don't track quarter-to-quarter. And even if 
you look at '23, which you rightly mentioned, in the second quarter, we had done 24.8%. — 
exactly same what we have done in this quarter in terms of percentage, 24.8% EBITDA level 
‘margin, which s so far highest in last so many years for us, one particular quarter. 
So, in that year also. But in the Q3, Q4, if you sec on an actual basis, then the margins 
EBITDA level was 16% and 12%. So, we have to be really mindful that certain quarters where 
the volumes are very large, the EBITDA level can go up. But we have to be more realistic that 
18%, 20% kind of is what we are looking for. But certainly, we will see and try whatever best 
is possible given the demand and the supply situation, the input pricing, output prices. Well 
keep taking efforts, but it is very difficult to commit that we will be having EBITDA at that 
level. 
Himanshu, I will only add one thing over here. So in the last 2 years or 3 years, there were a 
lot of fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter, like the prices suddenly, of input costs, suddenly 
went up to — every quarter, it was keeping on increasing. Then all of a sudden, in 1 quarter, it 
just started dropping. People were left with high inventory. There was a confusion in the — in 
establishing the selling prices of the products in the market, etcetera, etcetera. 
So there were many, many challenges in the past due to external reasons, cither weather or 
inventory or prices fluctuations, etcetera. All T can tell you is that this rabi season, that is third 
and fourth quarter, I am personally seeing a lot more stability, a lot more clarity on both the 
input cost as well as the selling prices. 
T don't think personally that input cost s going to go up significantly. And I don't think that the 
prices of products in the end-market is going to fall drastically. So it a very healthy, balanced 
situation that we are in today. 
And so hopefully we'll beat the historic numbers. But we say that we are still haunted by rabi 
season figures always been lower than kharif. So we need to be mindful of that. Because the 
companies or the competition will behave a little differently in rabi season. So even though I'm 
confident that the input cost and the selling price is not going to change. But in spite of that, if 
competition reacts adversely, we will have no choice but to match it. So we are taking more of 
a historic trend rather than an optimistic trend, which is truly there today. 
Page 16 0of 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Himanshu Binani: 
Chetan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Himanshu Binani: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Himanshu Binani: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Moderator: 
Dhavan Shah: 
October 29, 2024 
Got it, sir. And sir, last question from my side. So, if I actually look into your PPT, which is in 
Slide number 16, o in the working capital side, what we see is that reduction in the working 
capital is largely due to the prudent inventory management. However, if 1 actually look into the 
numbers both in terms of the inventory days as well as in terms of the absolute inventory value 
also, so it largely remained flat on a Y-o-Y basis. So maybe if you can clarify on the same. 
So we have invested in higher inventories this year because of the commercial - it made 
commercial sense to get out -- get the products at reasonable prices, and keeping in stock, so 
that we don't get into that volatile position of price adjustments, etcetera, or getting stuck with 
high cost inventory or anything of that sort. So yes, we have definitely by design, we have 
invested more money in raw materials and intermediates. 
The number is, as you rightly mentioned, absolutely similar to September '23 number, in both 
September '23 and '24, about INR560 crores to INR565 crores kind of inventory and 96 days 
of inventory days. So very similar to the past trend as on September. 
Right. But then, sir, if I actually look into the key highlights, basically in that slide, the 
working capital, the reason basically written over there 
is that these are decrease in the 
inventory days on account of improved inventory management and faster inventory turnover. 
So I was actually wondering. 
Yes Because you can look at it, but basically you see the inventory amount in absolute terms is 
exactly the same, INRS64 crores, in a situation when we are growing the business by about 
10%, 15%. 
Got i, sir. And just last question from my side, if I can squeeze in. So sir, how do we actually 
see the LATAM markets excluding Brazil during the second half? So in terms of the inventory 
position, demand level, as well as the pricing out there? 
Even though everybody talks about LATAM, out of that, 80% comes from Brazil only. 
Something there in Argentina, some in Colombia, some in small, small countries, Paraguay, 
Mexico and all those things. So when people say LATAM, primarily it refers to Brazil. Brazil 
50 far looks good. The demand volume, demand looks good. So, the season is about o open 
up. And yes, Argentina is there. Argentina has its own issues in terms of foreign exchange and 
all those things. The rest of the markets are really small. 
So, from our company point of view, there is not significant impact from any of those markets, 
but what we keep hearing from other affliates the situation in those countries continue to be 
challenging. 
The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from AlfAccurate Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
My question s on the export side. Can you help us to understand which product category led 
growth for the first half? Is that - like if I ook at the breakup, I think the fungicide shows the 
strong growth for the first half. So can you help us to understand in terms of the export 
business? 
Page 17 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Dhavan Shah: 
October 29, 2024 
So, both fungicides and herbicides have grown. Specifically asking about exports. Both 
fungicide and herbicides have grown. 
And product wise can you help us to understand? Because if I even go to the geographical 
breakup, I think the South America revenue for the first half is roughly INR130-0dd crores 
versus it was roughly INR50-odd crores last year first half. So here also, I mean, product-wise, 
if you can help us. 
Then you also mentioned that there is some sourcing strategy, which led the higher growth for 
the LATAM business. So, if you can break it up the - what kind of revenue growth came from 
the sourcing side of the business and what was the organic growth? 
See, all our portfolio compared to last year has grown, whether it's fungicides, herbicides or 
insecticides. If we are specifically talking about products, it's Tebuconazole, Chlorpyriphos, 
Fluroxypyr, and of course Clothianidin, okay? In terms of overall region, LATAM, South 
America registered almost double the growth. Last year, if you look at last year, they were 
having a severe inventory situation, that's why the business was significantly down in H1. Now 
it 
is getting back to normalcy. In all the products, whether it's insecticide, fungicide or 
herbicides, in all the products, it is coming back to normalcy. 
Okay. And this INR130-odd crores versus INR50-odd crores in the LATAM business or the 
South America business, how much is that because of the sourcing side of the business from 
China to India? 
So there is no shift in terms of any new product being shifted from China to India. All these 
products we were doing last year and current year. It is more a situation of better demand and 
Dbetter volumes. 
They were carrying inventory last year first half. This year, that inventory is slowly washed 
away. And that is helping us in this - registering this business. 
And so all the regions are showing growth. If you look at like, say, Africa, we have already 
given the numbers in the presentation, it is from INR35 crores, INR4O crores level, it has gone 
INRGO crores. Japan from INR2S crores, INRSS crores - INR60 crores. And even the Latin 
America business, which was between INR4S crores to INRS0 crores last year, it has almost 
become INR125 crores. So all these regions are contributing to the growth. And as Dr. Suresh 
mentioned, it is wide based. I think there are 4 or 5 products which have registered very good 
growth. 
So we don't feel that export growth was dependent on any 1 particular country or geography or 
any product. 
It was 
a very wide concept-based growth because the fundamentals of the 
businesses coming back and some of the issues getting reduced as compared to last year. 
Got it. And out of that INR100 crores capex for 5 molecules, you were expecting roughly 
INR200 crores to INR250 crores kind of on the peak revenues. Out of that, how much revenue 
do we expect can materialize in FY '25 and '26? 
Page 18 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Kunal Mittal: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Chetan Shah: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Chetan Shah: 
Dhavan Shah: 
October 29, 2024 
So I think that we have already mentioned this in a few questions and in the last call also. This 
revenue can be divided in 2 parts and 2 plants. So 1 plant full revenue should come this year. 
So out of this, like what you said, INR200 crores to INR250 crotes, whatever the projections 
were given that time from these projects, so out of this 1 plant, we'll have the full production 
and full revenues in current financial year. And that will continue even next year. And next 
year, we will see the second plant, how much it can be used and commercialized, and we are 
monitoring the situation. But there will certainly be growth next year over current year. 
126 we should be fully there. 
Okay. And what is the size of that 1 plant you mentioned, Tarapur or... 
50%-50% roughly in terms of revenue potential. 
INRS50 crores. 
50%-50%. Whatever is the total revenue potential of these products, you can take 50% - 50%. 
Got it. So this is largely going to Japan only, right? 
Yes. It s shipped maybe various affiliates, but our arrangements are with our parent company. 
So we ship the products and we invoice it to them, and then the actual shipments goes to 
different affiliates. 
Got it. And this INR300 crores capex you mentioned for the first phase. So this is going to be 
announced in the second half itself and the construction activity would start maybe in '26? 
So we are not in a position to give any fixed time lines. As it was mentioned earlier on the call, 
right now, we have got the environmental clearances. We are in the drawing board and 
feasibility study in terms of which product combination of SCC products, some of the new 
products, some of the existing products, and also some of the off-patent products. 
And once the feasibility studies in terms of technical analysis, a lot of work has been done in 
terms of the financial feasibilities, in terms of the volume projection from this registration time 
lines, everything is being worked out, and once comprehensively the proposals are ready and 
they are approved by our sharcholders and our Board, then we will be announcing it. We 
would not like to commit any fixed time lines that it will be done in 1 month or 2 months or 3 
months. But the overall capex cycle is expected to run in 2 to 3 years this Phase 1 itself. 
So if your question was that whether we'll start construction in 26, the answer will be 
definitely yes, that would be our endeavor, that I think 1.5 years — or 1 year and 3 months will 
be good enough time for us to close in all the issues and all the question marks, and we should 
definitely start the construction beginning in '26. 
Got it. And the asset turn would be 2x only here. Should we assume the same asset turn? 
Page 19 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Kunal Mittal: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Dhavan Shah: 
Moderator: 
Faisal Hawa: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Faisal Hawa: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
October 29, 2024 
Correct, 2x of the capex size should be the revenue potential but on a matuity level. It may not 
be, because some of these are new products, so the volume uptick cannot be like immediately 
the plant will be fully 100% utilized, because all the other products are existing products. So 
there suddenly immediately we can produce and go to 100% level. These plants will take its 
own time, let's say, 2 - 3 years for full 100% ramp-up of capacitics. 
Got it. So maybe by FY '29 and '30, we can assume INRGOO crores kind of peak revenue? 
Hello? 
We'll not be in a position to give any fixed. 
No problem. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Thank you. The next question s from the line of Faisal Hawa from HG Hawa & Company. 
Please go abead. 
Sir, are we doing any key hirings also on the sales marketing distribution front from outside 
the organization or even some outside industry to give this very large impetus or kind ofa very 
different sales approach to our existing approach? 
We do hire people. Obviously, at the front line, we do hire people on a regular basis. We prefer 
agrochemical industry background or agriculture background, or working in allied industries, 
that would be for the first preference because it's easier to get them integrated into the system 
faster and they can start contributing. 
But at the same time, we are also looking at people from outside the industry to bring in new 
perspectives. So it's a combination of both. I would say maybe about 80% - 85% would be 
from the agro and allied sectors, maybe about 10% - 15% from non-agri background. 
And then are you also looking at some kind of combination with drones or with any companies 
which do drone marketing to really spruce up our product acceptability also like added service 
to the farmer? And thirdly, sir, are we targeting something like a doubling of sales every 5 
years in our company as a business plan? 
Yes, we have our internal targets. Obviously, T can't comment whether it's 5 years or 3 years or 
7 years. Definitely, we do have a mid-range plan, which we discuss periodically and update it, 
that's an internal target. In terms of drones, yes, there has been a lot of talks on drones, and 
even we have applied for some registration for drone spraying. And we have got a couple of 
products already endorsed on — endorsed for drone application. But we have not partnered 
with anybody specifically. 
Eventually what in our view, it like going to be like any other spraying operation, people will 
rent drone and take our product. The product is going to make the difference. Today, people 
are spraying using hand sprayers, tomorrow it will become drone, maybe in 3 years, 5 years, 7 
years' time. So it's not really required that we need to partner with somebody to really utilize 
the drone application. But if there is any opportunity, definitely, if it's going to give us 
additional business benefits, yes, we will surely look into that. 
Page 20 0of 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Faisal Hawa: 
Moderator: 
S Ramesh: 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
S Ramesh: 
Moderator: 
October 29, 2024 
I appreciate your answering my question, sir. 
The last question is from -- the next question is from S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
Please go abead. 
One is you mentioned that there was a problem in the cotton acreage showing a decline and 
that impacted insecticide consumption. So is that a structural issue or do you think it will 
possibly get sorted out over the next 1 or 2 seasons? 
And secondly, on China, what is it that you're hearing in terms of their excess supply and any 
capacity rationalization? Because we see a lot of new capacities coming up. So if you can give 
your thoughts on these 2 aspects, will be great. 
Yes, I can comment on cotton crop in Asia, which reduced, declined by about 10%. In the last 
season, the commodity price of cotton was low. So the farmers switched to some other crops, 
maybe com or paddy those kind of crops. 
And what is happening primarily cotton is a major crop in northern states -- a couple of 
northern states, where there was a unique case that came up infesting last year. which was 
called pink bollworm. And that is not — I mean, it's not easy to manage unless you have a very 
specific technique. There is some techniques required to manage that pest, which northern 
farmers were not exposed to because they never had this problem in the past. 
Because of last 2 years, subsequent year, there was infestation, farmers left or reduced 
drastically the area, one because of commodity price, second, because of this pest infestation, 
it moved into some other crop. In South India and Western India, what had happened was the 
continuous rains damaged the crop, especially in Andhra, Telangana and in Maharashtra 
continuous rains damaged the crop to some extent. And subsequently, their pesticide 
consumption. 
So the overall, the cotton area should bounce back to normalcy in other geographies of the 
country. But in north, I don' really see north cotton bouncing back. The area continues to 
decline, or maybe at the current year level. 
So the second question was on China — sorry, China excess capacity. Yes. I mean I think that 
what's happening in China, only the Chinese would know. But really, whatever we understand 
is that there has been excess capacity, and they are continuing to supply to the market 
depending on the situation. But we have our own strategy to contract that and we have our own 
customer base, how do we position ourselves, showing the premiumness of our products, that's 
what we are continuing to pursue. And so far, we have been successful in that. But yes, China 
plays a role also in this whole game. 
Thank you very much. And wish you the best of season greetings and congratulations once 
again. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Page 21 0f 22

<@ SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Moderator: 
Kunal Mittal: 
Moderator: 
October 29, 2024 
Sir, the first question on the export business, can you just quantify in terms of in the first half, 
what is the volume growth and how much of the pricing decline? 
95% 
is the total growth and 15% 
is the price reduction 
-- 20% price reduction and 95% 
growth. So the volume growth is around -- 95%. 
Sir, secondly, in terms of our per-kg EBITDA, have you been able to maintain a per-kg 
EBITDA even in the export business? 
Yes. 
Thank you so much. 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the 
conference over to Mr. Kunal Mittal for closing comments. 
Thank you, everyone. We thank our participants for joining the call and also asking some 
interesting questions, and we thank our colleagues for replying the same. And we hope we 
could address your querics. 
Despite facing some global headwinds, the overall outlook for both Indian agriculture and the 
agrochemical sector overall remains positive in India. Our strategic focus on maintaining 
profitability has been proven effective in the last 6 months our performance. And this was 
largely driven, as mentioned in the call carlier, by our commitment to high-margin products, 
including new products, volume growth, which was led due to the extraordinary demand 
generation activities at the ground level, and effective management of variable costs and 
‘maintaining our fixed operating expenses at a stable level. 
Looking ahead, we are encouraged by favourable conditions such as above-average monsoon 
rainfall and high reservoirs levels, which are expected to significantly benefit the agricultural 
landscape in India in upcoming rabi season. We recognize that while global challenges 
continue for some more time, we are committed to navigate this global dynamics in a strategic 
manner. 
And we will continue to engage with our farmer community through our initiatives like we 
mentioned on the call Every Day Farmers® Day, and Phase 2 of the campaign is going to start 
very, very soon. And through this initiative, look to foster awareness of our product offering in 
the farmer community and also use these initiatives to support farmers education and learnings 
for betterment of the Indian farmers. 
And the last, we would like to extend our warmest wishes for a joyful Diwali and prosperous 
new year to all of you. Thank you for your time for joining the conference call today. We 
really appreciate your participation. Thank you very much. 
Thank you on behalf of Sumitomo Chemical, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 22 0f 22
