 
 
 
 
October 18, 2024 
 
The Manager - Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: WIPRO) 
 
The Manager - Listing 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 507685) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting 
 
Please find attached herewith copy of the transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting 
held on October 17, 2024. The audio recording of the same is available at 
https://www.wipro.com/investors/quarterly-results/.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Wipro Limited 
 
 
 
 
M Sanaulla Khan 
Company Secretary 
SANAULLA 
KHAN 
MOHAMMED
Digitally signed by 
SANAULLA KHAN 
MOHAMMED 
Date: 2024.10.18 
17:41:21 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Wipro Limited Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINI PALLIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, WIPRO LIMITED 
MS. APARNA IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, WIPRO 
LIMITED 
MR. SAURABH GOVIL – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER, WIPRO LIMITED 
MR. DIPAK BOHRA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE TREASURER & INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
WIPRO LIMITED 
 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Wipro Limited Q2 FY'25 Earnings Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dipak Bohra – Senior Vice President (Corporate Treasurer & 
Investor Relations). Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Dipak Bohra: 
Yes. Thank you, Yashashri. A Warm Welcome to our Q2 Financial Year '25 Earnings Call. 
We will begin the call with the “Business Highlights and Overview” by Srini Pallia – our Chief 
Executive Officer and Managing Director, followed by “Updates on Financial Overview” by our 
CFO – Aparna Iyer. We also have our CHRO – Saurabh Govil on this call. Afterwards, the Operator 
will open the bridge for Q&A with our Management Team. 
Before Srini starts, let me draw your attention to the fact that during this call, we may make certain 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. 
These statements are based on management's current expectations and are associated with 
uncertainties and risks, which may cause the actual results to differ materially from those expected. 
The uncertainties and risk factors are explained in our detailed filings with SEC. Wipro does not 
undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events and 
circumstances after the date of filing. The conference call will be archived, and a transcript will be 
available on our website. 
With that, I would like to turn over the call to Srini. Thank you. 
Srini Pallia: 
Thanks, Dipak. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining me and my Leadership Team for our 2nd 
Quarter Results for the Financial Year 2024-25. 
In Q2, we met our expectations for revenue, bookings and margins. The long-term potential of our 
business is strong, and we are prepared to handle the current economic uncertainties. We continue to 
focus on our five strategic priorities and building a strong talent pool to capture AI opportunities. 
Now, let me go over the “Financial Highlights for the Quarter” and share some “Specific Insights on 
our Markets and Industry Sectors.” All the revenue growth numbers I share will be in constant 
currency. 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Our IT Services revenue for Q2 was $2.66 billion, reflecting a sequential growth of 0.6%. This brings 
us closer to the upper end of our guidance. 
Operating margins came in at 16.8%, which is an expansion of 35 basis points quarter-on-quarter and 
71 basis points year-on-year. 
In terms of total bookings, we ended the quarter at $3.6 billion, which is an 8.4% increase quarter-
on-quarter. 
Our Capco business continues to see traction and grew 3.2% quarter-on-quarter and 6.9% year-on-
year. 
Coming to our “Strategic Market Unit Performances”: 
We saw sequential growth in three of the four markets in Q2. Americas 1 achieved sequential growth 
of 1.2% driven by good performance in Healthcare, Technology and Communication sectors. 
Americas 2 also recorded sequential growth of 0.8%, supported by robust demand and strong 
execution in the BFSI sector. APMEA grew by 0.3%, driven by traction in Capco. We are seeing 
early signs of our business stabilizing in this region. Europe registered a sequential decline of 0.1% 
due to overall weak demand and client-specific issues in few accounts. 
Among industry sectors, we experienced varied performance. With strong account mining and 
traction in Capco business, BFSI continue to accelerate, delivering 2.7% sequential growth. This 
growth was led by Americas. Additionally, we are seeing momentum in both APMEA and Europe. 
This marks the third consecutive growth quarter of growth in BFSI. 
Technology and Communications grew by 1.6% sequentially, driven by the ramp up of a recent large 
deal and momentum in existing relationships. However, Manufacturing remained soft for us, with a 
sequential decline of 2%. 
We are seeing good progress with our consulting-led industry solutions in the automotive 
Manufacturing segment. In addition, there are also signs of uptick in demand in the industrial 
segment. We will focus on converting this into wins to revive growth in Manufacturing. 
Energy and Utilities also remained weak, with the sequential decline of 3.7%. However, we see 
opportunities for vendor consolidation and cost takeout, particularly in the energy sector. 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
As you may remember from the last two quarters, we identified five strategic priority areas of growth. 
We have advanced in all five areas, and I would like to take this opportunity to share some indicators 
of our progress in Q2: 
One, we stayed focused on growing our large accounts in our four profitable markets and six priority 
sectors and we will continue to invest in them for expansion and growth. In Q2, our top account grew 
4% sequentially, the top 5 accounts grew 6.2% sequentially and the top 1 accounts grew 3.7% 
sequentially, reflecting our focus on expanding our footprint and scaling our large accounts. 
Of course, large deals are crucial for our growth. During the quarter, we booked 19 large deals with 
a TCV of $1,489 million. This translates to a growth of 29% sequentially and 16.8% on a year-on-
year basis. 
It is encouraging to see the diversity in our large wins across sectors. The deals we won cover a 
variety of themes, from cost reduction and vendor consolidation to application modernization and 
cloud operations. In fact, we are leading these deals with industry and cross-industry solutions, which 
are consulting-led and AI-powered. 
Let me briefly talk about the two largest deals we won in Q2: 
• 
A leading transportation and logistics company has selected Wipro to drive a business-
critical SAP S/4HANA transformation program. This win involved collaboration between 
all our consulting arms, Rizing, Designit and Capco. It also highlights our industry 
knowledge and ability to deliver customized solutions to clients. 
• 
Second Example: A software technology company has selected us to support its product 
development and IT operations end-to-end. This is a total outsourcing deal where Wipro 
will consolidate vendors and take over Engineering, Application, Infrastructure and 
Operations for the Client. Additionally, we will implement GenAI-powered solutions to 
solve business challenges and deliver operational efficiency. 
It's important to highlight that one of these deals involves a new client, while the other marks a 
transition from having a minimal presence to becoming a strategic partner. 
Let me now talk about another strategic priority, which is “Building Talent at Scale”: 
We believe all our employees should adopt an AI mindset, have the right skill set and use the right 
tool set in their work for our clients. In previous quarters, I have discussed our investments in 
rescaling our workforce for AI opportunities. We have now trained and certified over 44,000 
employees on Advanced AI, and we have a significant number of employees actively using AI 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
developer tools across the company. In addition, we are developing talent closely aligned with our 
clients business needs. For this, we have established account-specific academies to upskill 
employees, providing a clear road map for building capabilities relevant to both the industry and the 
technology context. 
Before I share our guidance for the next quarter, I want to thank all my colleagues for their amazing 
support. As an organization, we grow by actively listening to feedback. In August, we conducted our 
Annual Employee Engagement Survey, and in addition. I have made it a priority to connect with 
employees wherever I go. We have taken specific actions based on their feedback. As you're aware, 
we implemented a merit salary increase effective September 1, just nine months after the last cycle, 
demonstrating our ongoing commitment to our employees. 
Last month, we hosted a Leadership Summit where our top-300 leaders from across the globe 
gathered right here in Bangalore to reflect on our business and chart our future direction. It was 
encouraging to see that we have come together as Team Wipro and there's a strong commitment to 
driving client success. I hope to harness this momentum and continue moving forward together. 
Now, on to “Guidance”: 
Our Q3 revenue is expected to be affected by seasonal furloughs and fewer working days in this 
quarter. As a result, we are guiding for a sequential revenue growth of minus 2% to 0% in constant 
currency. Despite the softness in revenue in Q3, we are confident of maintaining our margin in a 
narrow band. 
With that, let me turn it out, “Aparna, for a Detailed Overview of our Financial Financials.” Thank 
you. Aparna, over to you. 
Aparna Iyer: 
Thank you, Srini. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I will share a quick update after which we 
will open up for Q&A. 
On the IT Services revenue for Q2, we delivered a sequential growth of 1.3% quarter-on-quarter in 
the reported currency and a growth of 0.6% in constant currency. This is closer to the upper end of 
our guidance range that we had laid out last quarter. 
We are pleased to share that our operating margin for the quarter was at 16.8%, an expansion of 35 
basis points quarter-on-quarter and 71 basis points year-on-year. This brings us one step closer to our 
earlier conveyed target band of 17% to 17.5%. This expansion in margins was achieved on the back 
of operational improvements and after absorbing one month of salary increments that we rolled out 
for our associates effective 1st September. 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
We begin Q3 with headwinds of furlough and the incremental impact of salary increases. Yet, we 
remain confident of staying in a narrow band of margins. Our net income grew 21.3% year-on-year. 
This was on the back of higher operating profits, which grew at 11.4% year-on-year. Our EPS was 
at INR6.14 which grew 6.8% sequentially. 
Q2 was yet another quarter of strong cash flows. Our operating cash flows of $510 million in Q2 is 
132.3% of our net income. With this, we have cumulatively for H1 generated nearly a billion dollars 
in operating cash flows. At the end of Q2, our investments and cash balances on our balance sheet 
now stand at $6.2 billion. 
In other key matrices, our other income, net of the finance expenses, grew 34.2% sequentially. Our 
accounting yields for the average investments held in India was at 7.9%. ETR was at 24.6% in Q2. 
Our hedges continue to be in line with our policy. We are about $2.8 billion of FOREX derivative 
contracts as hedges at the end of Q2. 
Finally, before I move to guidance, I would like to share that in our recently concluded board meeting, 
the board of directors have recommended issue of bonus shares to our shareholders in the ratio of 1:1 
subject to the approval of shareholders. Rationally, we are working through our revised capital 
allocation in line with our strategy and hopefully we will be able to share the details of that after our 
January board meeting. 
In terms of our guidance, to reiterate what was stated by Srini, we expect the revenues from our IT 
Services business segment to be in the range of $2.607 billion to $2.660 billion. This translates to a 
sequential guidance of minus 2% to 0% in constant currency terms. 
With that, we can open up for questions. Operator? 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our first question from the line of 
Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
My first question is on the guidance. Is this just the furloughs or are we also seeing flow-through of 
the client-specific challenges that you mentioned, which kind of informing slightly mutish guidance 
for next quarter? 
Srini Pallia: 
Thanks, Abhishek. As far as Q3 guidance is concerned, clearly furloughs like Aparna called out has 
one and also the number of working days obviously is much lower. We also have some slowdown in 
Europe, thanks to client specific reasons. Having said that, we see good momentum in our deal 
pipeline across Americas 1 and Americas 2 and also APMEA. We do have good pipeline in Europe 
too. The focus for us is to actually win some of those and maximize our deal bookings for this quarter. 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Next question is on your Energy and Utilities. You had mentioned last quarter also there are certain 
client-specific challenges here. Are these now behind us or are they still there in front of us? How 
should we think about E&U as a continuous headwind to our overall growth? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, like Srini shared in his speech as well, it is work-in progress. There is a good pipeline, there is a 
demand across vendor consolidation cost takeout, and there are very, very good deals in the pipeline. 
We have to focus on conversion for us to improve our overall performance in E&U. That's all that 
we have to say this… it's all down to execution. 
Srini Pallia: 
Just to add a little bit more color to what Aparna said, Abhishek, specifically in the energy sector, we 
are seeing opportunities around cost optimization and vendor consolidation as well, which is a good 
news. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Maybe just what I wanted to understand here is, are there any ramp downs that are continuing in few 
clients that is impacting us? And if that is so, when do we expect those ramp downs to be behind us? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Yes, our guidance for Q3 has several puts and takes; it has furloughs, it does have fewer working 
days, it also factors in certain impact of certain client-specific challenges that we have alluded to in 
Europe. All of this is factored into the guidance as we start Q3. Given the momentum that we are 
building up, if you see there are performance across market units in sectors, it has improved, and it 
is becoming a little bit more secular than what it was maybe three or four quarters back. So, we are 
hopeful that we will build on that momentum once we are behind the seasonality of Q3. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Aparna, wanted your thoughts on the drivers that are helping margin, the initiatives that are sort of 
offsetting the wage increase impact and the revenue headwind, special things? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, we have a set of traditional levers that have been at play. We have been improving our utilization 
consistently over the last few quarters. I do think the levels at which we are, we have to continue to 
sustain that. In Q2, we have dipped our utilization slightly, but we are well above the benchmark that 
we would like to be at. Secondly, offshoring is also a lever that we have flexed. Going forward, what 
are the levers that we will use? There are the traditional set of levers -- fixed price projects, pyramid 
improvements. The other lever that's very topical to us is around G&A optimization. We have spoken 
about that. We have done some work on it over the last few quarters. Some of it is paying off as we 
get into Q3. Also, some of the acquired entities, as they are getting integrated into the organization, 
there are certain synergy benefits that we are realizing around overheads and G&A. Those are some 
of the levers. If you look at our SMU wise profitability metrics that we share, I think Europe and 
APMEA have improved profitability and Americas 2 has improved profitability year-on-year. So, 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
there is a good again orientation towards profitable growth, which is leading to operational 
improvements, Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
The second question was around; I think a lot of work has gone behind building deal momentum and 
sort of looking at the cost and all of those things over the last couple of quarters. In that context, do 
you think that return to growth could happen sooner rather than later overall? Are you happy with 
the way things are moving, or do you see there are further areas that require fixes before we are able 
to really move back to growth? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Nitin, we have grown in Q2. I think the key for us is to really build sustainable growth that we can 
deliver consistently, right? And that is still work-in-progress. There are parts of the business which 
are performing much better. We have alluded to Capco I think, BFSI as an overall sector is doing 
very well, Americas 1 has momentum that's secular, right, and Americas 2 outside of (EMR), Energy 
and Manufacturing is doing well. So, there is more secular return in some sense of momentum at 
least in Americas for us to bounce back to growth deterministically, Europe and APMEA also have 
to chip in. APMEA, we are seeing some early signs of stabilization. Europe is still work-in-progress. 
And that's something that we will have to look at before we are able to give you a better color. Srini, 
if you want to add something. 
Srini Pallia: 
Sure. So, Nitin, let me give you in the context of the deal pipeline that we have built. All I can say at 
this point in time is healthy, there is momentum around the deal pipeline and it's also secular across 
the four markets and across the six sectors that we operate in, which is for me a good news. I think 
the focus for me and my team right now is how do we secure those winds quickly within Q3 and 
move forward in Q4. The advantage in Q4 is that the furloughs and the number of working days 
would change. That itself is one of the positives and the deal momentum and the wins could actually 
add to that. So, net-net, Nitin, I think I continue to state that we have good momentum. We need to 
execute to that. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Are you seeing an increase in smaller deals within the pipeline that could convert faster? Your peer 
had mentioned that in the recent call. Some of your peers have been suggesting that they're also 
seeing heightened smaller deals within their closures as well. So, just curious to know your thoughts 
on what you are seeing on this aspect? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Nitin, while we talk about the pipeline, it's a combination of both large deals, mid-size deals and 
smaller deals. That's number one. Number two, if you look at our own bookings for Q2 of the 3.6 
billion, 1.5 billion came in from large deals. But if you remove that 1.5 billion, the balance is a 
combination of both mid-size deals and smaller deals. Second, if you look at the kind of opportunities 
that we get especially when during the discretionary spend around Capco, BFSI, some of them tend 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
to be much smaller, they need not be large deals. Overall, I think the way I see it is, we do have 
smaller deals, mid-size deals and large deals and we continue to remain optimistic on those pipeline. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
So, just your internals are looking very good, deal wins are looking good, you seem to sound more 
confident on a broad-based set of segments this time versus last quarter, however, the guidance seems 
to be a bit counterintuitive. So, in that backdrop, a couple of questions. So, when you say furloughs, 
so this time around most of the other companies are actually indicating that furloughs are just in line 
with normal seasonality with some of them actually saying the furlough impact will be lower than 
the previous year and historically, we had a relatively slightly better H2 compared to H1. So, why is 
furlough such a game changer for Q3 guidance, that is number one? And number two, when you say 
client-specific issues in Europe, is it some part of the business that you want to rationalize as a new 
CEO, and you have taken a strategic call to kind of cut that business or is this something where we 
have a certain client because of whatsoever their specific reasons has been hurting us? Again, I'm 
asking the Europe question because surprisingly this quarter Europe has been good for most of the 
companies which reported so far and we have been having very localized teams in Europe. So, it's 
surprising why we are facing those challenges while others are not. So, just those couple of questions, 
first on furloughs, second on Europe. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sudheer, in terms of our furlough, the visibility that we have is very similar to what we experienced 
last year and that's the assumption that we are factoring in. Obviously, during the quarter we will 
have to work through it with our clients. As far as lower working days is concerned, that's also 
something that is very seasonal for Q3 compared to Q2, both of which are factored. Additionally, we 
have called out for us, which is factored into our guidance is the softness that we have in Europe, and 
I will ask Srini to respond to the questions that you posted in Europe. 
Srini Pallia: 
Thanks, Aparna. Hi, Sudheer. So, I think Aparna answered the question on furloughs. I think for us 
relative to what you heard from other companies seems to be constant what happened last year at this 
time. Maybe it could be very specific to the clients that we are engaged with and the decisions that 
they take because some of the sectors have a lot more furloughs than the rest. So, maybe that's one 
reason why we have some impacts. we continue to have the same level of impact on furloughs. Now, 
coming specific to Europe and client-specific need, I would say a couple of clients where we have 
been working with them have actually changed the direction because of which there has been some 
ramp downs. So, it's very, very specific to the combination of some of the industries and Europe 
which is actually contributing to that slowdown for us and weak growth both in this quarter that 
you've seen, Sudheer. But having said that, I want to reiterate that the countries and the specific 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
industries that we are focusing in those countries, the pipeline has built up and right now myself and 
my team are focused on winning those. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
So, is it fair to expect that possibly when we look through this furlough and specific impacted time 
period of December quarter, subsequently we will be able to build that secular growth momentum, 
part of which we had seen in this quarter as well? 
Srini Pallia: 
Sudheer, as a process we just guide for the next quarter, which is Quarter 3. So, you are right, in 
Quarter 3, we got impacted for the reasons that we stated. Having said that, some of them will not be 
there in Quarter 4 and also with the deal pipeline and the momentum that we have that should also 
help us going into Quarter 4, but I will not be able to predict how the Quarter 4 is going to be at this 
point in time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My first question is with respect to the large deal momentum. If you look at the rolling 12-month 
data for a while, you were stuck at $4.5 billion and now we have crossed that and gone to $4.7-$4.8 
billion. Just trying to understand what has driven this change. Is it more specific to Wipro in terms 
of the initiatives around largest put in place which is triggering this increase and increase in the win 
ratio, or something has changed around the pipeline or our approach to the overall large deal wins, 
so just trying to understand how sustainable this improvement is that we are seeing here? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Gaurav, if you look at in the context of a large deal, what is very important for us is to be proactive 
with our clients. Second, we have to lead with consulting and with infuse AI or AI power solutions. 
So, the industry and cross-industry solutions that we have also help us solution it right for the client 
and customize it right for the client. So, the deal win that I talked to you about in the transportation 
industry very clearly demonstrates wherein we brought in our consulting arms and we brought in our 
industry specific domain solutions to win that particular aspect. Second, it is also disciplined right 
how you build the pipeline both proactively, how do you qualify that pipeline and then go for the win 
and the whole process and the nine yards that you do. So, picking the right deal that you want to go 
after also makes a big difference around. So, there are very small changes, but sometimes these 
changes can impact. Now going back to a question on sustainability, like any large deal at the end of 
the day, it is a binary, right, so I will not be able to predict how it is going to go, but if you have 
noticed, we are consistently being above billion dollars every quarter in terms of the large deals. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
The second question is for Aparna. You did allude to couple of factors which were specific initiatives 
of Wipro and topical to the company on margins, so have those initiatives already played out in the 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
form of resulting in margin tailwind in the last two quarters or do you think that there are some more 
that will be flowing into the margins over the next 2 quarters? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Certainly, there is a lot of effort that is still in process in order to improve Gaurav, if you notice that 
we still have to absorb two months of salary increases and it is also seasonally weak quarter in terms 
of furloughs, so all hands on the deck, I think what will be very key is to execute Q3 when and the 
topical levers are also at play. We still feel that there are optimizations that we can still do and 
achieve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just wanted to understand Srini, post you took control, what in your assessment are the internal 
factors outside the macro factors which is affecting the demand? We have to correct, or we have to 
rectify for us to go into a sustainable consistent growth path. 
Srini Pallia: 
Sandeep, if you look at it, what is very important is we have laid out our five strategic priorities and 
we have to consistently stay focused on that. So, if you look at the focus on large accounts in our 
priority sectors and prioritized markets, I think that is helping us. If you look at the growth that we 
got in the top five accounts, top ten accounts reflect some of the focus that we have brought in. And 
we have to stay focused, we have to be consistent around that going forward. Second is the large 
deals that I just talked about, the question that Gaurav asked about right, we have to be proactive, we 
have to shape the demand, and we have to understand the client, both the business and the technology 
needs and bring in the right industry and cross industry solutions upfront for the client to feel 
comfortable about Wipro and how we can execute for them. Third one is the industry solution itself 
that I talked about, right, consistently stay focused on that, which are consulting led and AI powered. 
We have had some good successes in the last two quarters and a little of this gets into implementation, 
then becomes more referenceable. I think you can actually more and more depend on those solutions. 
The fourth one is building talented scale. I did talk about the fact that we have to have the right 
mindset, skill set, and tool set across our employee base after the initial 230,000 people who got 
trained on the basics of Gen AI, now we have got 44,000 employees doing that. So, how do you lead 
with AI in the projects, whether it is in software development cycle or engineering, how do you infuse 
AI into projects which are more on the managed services, be it application infrastructure or process 
and then how do you actually build AI powered solution, which is the conceptualization itself starts 
with AI, right. And so those things we need to stay focused on building their talent also for the 
specific customers and the clients that I talked about on the academies right. Sometimes it is 
important to understand the industry the client has been, the specific technology landscape that they 
are in. So, it becomes much easier for it to execute. And the last point, Sandeep is the customer 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
centricity, client centricity. We have defined 5 pillars of client centricity. We got to deliver. We have 
got to innovate our delivery as the technology landscape changes. So, if we stay focused on these 
five top priorities that we called out quarter after quarter, year-on-year after, I am sure we will 
continue to get better. 
Sandeep Shah: 
But despite this top five priorities every quarter, we have somewhere or the other portfolio related 
issue which keeps our growth rate marginally positive, negative or flattish. So, any timeline when 
you expect whatever rectification we wanted to do would be over and we can come back on a 
consistent growth path? 
Srini Pallia: 
Fair comment, Sandeep, very fair comment. And if you look at it right, if you look at it from a markets 
perspective, this quarter has been a little different from the last quarter where three out of the four 
kind of showed us some sequential growth, which I think is a positive right step. As far as the sectors 
are concerned, I think we have continued to lag both in Manufacturing and energy and utility. Having 
said that, I think we have got good momentum going in other sectors, be it BFSI which I talked about 
healthcare, technology and communications and also consumer. I think we will continue to stay 
focused on those four, bring in acceleration the momentum in those four sectors while we do the 
correction in both Manufacturing and E&U which is more specific to Wipro than what you see in the 
industry. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And when do you expect those correction to start yielding result in Manufacturing and E&U? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Sandeep, I don't give guidance beyond Quarter 3. But having said that, I did tell you that 
specifically if you look at in Manufacturing sector, I called out automotive segment, I called industrial 
segment. We are seeing pipeline and traction out there for us. Now, the question is do we win those, 
if and when we win the deals that will show up on the revenue side sooner than later. On the Energy 
and Utilities segment, I did talk about specific deals in the energy sector, which has around cost 
optimization and vendor consolidation. Some of those deals are in the process, but I think you have 
to win. So, if we do this, if we execute this pipeline and deals that we have in these two sectors, 
Sandeep, things should get better, but at this point of time, I can't give you a specific timeline. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And your earlier commentary suggests 4Q could be better than 3Q? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Sandeep, what I said was the headwinds we have when it comes to number of working days and 
furloughs, some of them may not be there in Quarter 4. That is the comment I made, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just the last thing, post the budget, there is a tax ruling change on the buyback, so any view will 
we consider buyback as a continued option to cash return to the shareholders or we may move to 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
dividend because the tax treatment of both being neutral going forward, in buyback, we still get a 
benefit of a reduced share count? 
Aparna Iyer: 
You have said it, Sandeep, we do think that there are benefits of buyback compared to the dividend 
even after the budget that has been announced. But that said I think we are drawing up our revised 
capital allocation policy in line with this track plan that we are putting together for the next 2-3 years. 
And I think we will be in a position to share a more detailed and informed answer to your question 
in terms of what is going to be our approach. I think that is work in progress and we will do that. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just related question, as we have indicated earlier, we now look for string of pearls kind of an 
M&A rather than a big-ticket M&A? 
Srini Pallia: 
Sandeep, the way I see M&A is a strategic advantage for us going forward. We do continue to look 
for opportunities in the marketplace, whether it is in specific white spaces, markets or sectors. So, in 
that context, Sandeep, the first thing is to look at what are the opportunities that you have in market 
and then take your decision. So, I am not calling out anything like a string of pearls, but all I am 
trying to do is, I want to be very deliberate and very focused in terms of what we want to do with 
M&A, but M&A is a big part of our strategy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Sumeet Jain: 
So, firstly, Srini, Aparna, I wanted to know from you in this guidance of -2 to 0%, what are you 
building for BFSI next quarter? Are you still building in growth momentum to continue, but given it 
has high furloughs, but you are seeing a strong momentum? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, our BFSI business also has a component of Capco which has higher furloughs compared to the 
rest of the work consulting in general and of course Capco is far more susceptible to furloughs. It is 
factored into our guidance. But other than that, I think the momentum in BFSI has been fairly strong. 
We have done well. If you look at our Quarter 2 growth, it has done well across all market units. It 
has done across various service offerings. So, we do think that the momentum in the BFSI sector 
from a volume trajectory is good, it has also been impacted more deeply by furloughs and that is 
factored as a part of our guidance. 
Sumeet Jain: 
I just wanted to understand how long this decline in Manufacturing and E&U, the energy utility 
verticals will continue given that for the last 7-8 quarters now it has been declining. So, the ramp 
down in the client specific areas should have been over by now. So, is it like a structural problem we 
are facing in these two verticals? Because when I look at Manufacturing, particularly, it has seen 
very strong growth for most of our peers plus the SAP S/4 HANA transformation is a big opportunity, 
which you also mentioned is playing out in your logistics client, so I just want to understand how 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Manufacturing E&U will play out, let us say over the next 6-12 months, forgetting about just next 
quarter? 
Srini Pallia: 
Sumeet, first and foremost, these are verytwo2 important sectors for Wipro. We have been in Energy 
and Utilities and Manufacturing sectors for a very long time. I have personally driven this business 
in the past. Having said that, your observation is right that we have been slow relative to the peer 
group in terms of our growth or rather lack of growth. However, like I mentioned, in Manufacturing 
for example, there are specific segments we continue to focus on, for example, automotive right. 
There are opportunities, for example in software defined vehicles, which is our Cloud Car that is 
more on the engineering side of it, for example. Second, you yourself mentioned SAP S/4 HANA. 
Thanks to our acquisition of rising and now we can lead with consulting in SAP S/4 HANA. So, to 
me, Manufacturing and Energy and Utilities are very important sectors we are staying focused on 
and we also have the pipeline like I mentioned, we were in energy, we do our pipeline and cost 
optimization and also in terms of cost transformation. So, what is important for us, what we need to 
do Sumeet is to double down and focus on these two sectors and bring growth back. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Look forward to that revival maybe in few quarters. And secondly on the deal side, we can see our 
reported deal wins have been good, but the conversion to revenues have been a bit slow. So, is it like 
there is a delayed conversion of deals to revenue or is it like the duration of these deals is much 
longer? So, the ECV is lower leading to a lower revenue conversion? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Large deals typically have a cycle for ramping up, right. One of the large deals that we had earlier 
alluded to that we had won it will take several quarters to ramp up. On the contrary, there is another 
large deal that we won in Q2 that has instantly ramped up and is giving us revenues. I think it depends 
on deal to deal. Overall, we are not concerned about the deal conversion being slower. We are happy 
with our large deal bookings. In fact, while we don't give out a number, the Net New in these bookings 
is fairly good, especially in Q2. I think we just need to focus on winning more and the conversion 
will happen. Yes, it takes 2 to 3 quarters for it to fully ramp up and deliver, but that will happen, 
Sumeet. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Are you seeing any sort of delay in deal closures because of US election related uncertainty in the 
US geography? 
Srini Pallia: 
So, Sumeet, I know you have been tracking US politics irrespective of which party comes in, which 
leader comes in. Traditionally, the US economy continues to grow, and the US is a dominant 
economy. If you look at it post COVID as well in terms of growth, I will say the impact of politics 
will not be that significant at least from my vantage point, Sumeet. 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Sumeet Jain: 
And just lastly, when I look at your number of active customers, it has been consistently coming 
down for last 7 to 8 quarters. So, any particular strategy we are following out there? 
Aparna Iyer: 
No, not really, Sumeet. I think we had referred to the exit of certain tail accounts in context of one of 
our market units, which was up in APMEA, I think this was several quarters back. Other than that, 
we have also said that this number typically gets impacted because of the discretionary spend 
environment being weaker and as a result, it also impacts the number of clients, especially at the 
bottom end of the pyramid. What I think you should also take heart with is that our top client, our 
top 5 or top 10, in fact our top 25 clients are doing really well. So, I am not going to read too much 
into that number. I think we need to focus on driving differentiated growth in our future metal 
accounts and that is what we are focusing on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Maybe the first question, Srini, if you can elaborate a bit more on the US BFS strong credit sale and 
also how that leads into discretionary spending, your business at Capco has a very high exposure to 
the capital market segment and the segment, which is seeing very strong growth recovery over the 
recent results season. Many of your peers have commented about how they expect that to help them. 
If you could elaborate how you expect to see that opportunity? 
Srini Pallia: 
Since the question is very specific to the US and BFS, the strategy for us in the US market is to 
combine Wipro's strength of execution with Capco's consulting capabilities. So, if you look at the 
banking financial services, capital markets, insurance, I think our go-to-market strategy is to combine 
the expertise of both these companies and take it forward. Now, specific to discretionary spend 
comment that you made, obviously if Capco is growing for us that means there is a discretionary 
spend because their dependence is completely on discretionary spend which to me is good news in 
the context of what is coming in the future for us because some of this discretionary spend could be 
also transferred to the downstream revenue as well Rudra. So, I would say at this point of time, I 
continue to be optimistic around the spend in BFS segment especially in the US. 
Ankur Rudra: 
And just to read a bit more into your previous comment you said and how the US has been a dominant 
economy and financial services, if I might add, is a dominant vertical. At what point does US BFS 
strength overcome all the small pocket challenges you are seeing all of your other verticals where the 
smaller challenge you are seeing is overwhelmed by this and overall good momentum begins to look 
a bit stronger? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, Ankur, for us to really grow well at an overall org level, I think we need to have nearly all 
cylinders firing, right. And I think that is the endeavor. Yes, we are happy with the momentum that 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
we have in BFSI. I think not just the US but across we have a good momentum in BFSI, and we are 
happy about that, but I do think we need to at least arrest the decline and stabilize E&U and 
Manufacturing, which Srini spoke of, and I think that is very key. We need to have more and more 
sectors joining in. I think Health is doing well. BFSI has done well. We are seeing deals that we had 
won ramping up giving us growth in technology and communications, so 3 sectors good, consumers 
also done well. So, if you are able to revive and win new deals in energy and Manufacturing, I think 
that will hold the key. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Just one question maybe on AI and generative AI, overall deal wins have been relatively strong. How 
are you seeing the adoption of Gen AI in particular into your deal construct to an extent? Are there 
any early conversations about potential productivity passthrough or gain share as a result of those 
constructs in the deals you win? 
Srini Pallia: 
Ankur, specific to Gen AI, the way I see it is there is definitely excitement and opportunity for a 
company like Wipro. We want to be AI powered Wipro and clearly we are investing big into Gen 
AI. In terms of the engagements, I would put it in three buckets. Number 1 is we have AI LED 
projects, whether it is in a software development cycle or product engineering that is one stream. The 
second one is infusing AI into the managed services right, which could be for existing or for the new 
ones where the point that you made it is also operational efficiency, customer experience that you 
can improve and the third is AI powered solutions that I talked about which is you are conceptualizing 
your solution for a process into with AI being the core. So, to me, this will continue to grow and there 
will be productivity benefits in each of these areas. At this point in time, the way I see it is that there 
are specific projects in Gen AI which are going to help the clients in terms of improving some of 
their back-office operations, if you will, right. So, those are the projects that you get, but it is not 
necessarily a specific SDLC lifecycle, but it is an opportunity for the client to improve their processes 
or operations and so on and so forth. So, those are the three buckets, Ankur, I would say Gen AI and 
we will continue to improve. Net-net, I think Gen AI will be positive for us and for the industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The question I had for you Srini is that when I look at your performance in Manufacturing in EU in 
maybe communication though it has changed somewhat this quarter, it does indicate that it is not so 
much the environment but shares losses in consolidation exercise. So, at a broader level, I wanted to 
have your view that I was Wipro positioned as let us say vendor consolidation exercises at an overall 
level and then going into verticals if there are any nuances as such? 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Srini Pallia: 
You know one of the things that I am really excited is the opportunities and the vendor consolidation. 
One of the large deals that I did talk about today is a vendor consolidation which is a very large deal 
where we are doing end to end operations for us across infrastructure applications and the process. 
To me, there are multiple deal wins around vendor consolidation. We have our own opportunities. 
We have our own wins where we have displaced competition. And if I look at the current pipeline, 
there are opportunities and Kawal what happens sometimes is the combination of cost optimization 
and vendor consolidation comes together in the broader context of cost benefit to the client. 
Sometimes the vendor consolidation happens purely because you are already dominant in one area. 
You can actually take care of the adjacent areas and bring in experience and operational efficiencies 
as well. So, I am very excited about the opportunities for vendor consolidation for us, Kawaljeet and 
we are winning. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And in this example that you gave on vendor consolidation, who did you consolidate out? Are you 
consolidating out other India heritage vendors or are these legacy vendors who are on their last legs? 
Srini Pallia: 
Kawaljeet, I am sure a lot of people are listening to this conversation. All I can say is that it is a 
variety of vendors across the spectrum. That is all I can say. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The second question I had is for Aparna. Aparna, when I go through your expenses in the IFRS 
financial statements, it appears to be quite busy with the number of notes. Was there any one-off 
benefit into the quarter because there seem to be a number of line items in which there are some one-
off charges, there are one-off gains, if you can just walk in through, what is really happening in 
margin there? 
Aparna Iyer: 
Kawal, if you look at it, we did have a higher S&M and we have a lower G&A. And if you look at 
SG&A as a bucket, there is no change. If you look at our operating margin improvement that has 
come through the gross margin improvement. The noise that you have referred to, yes, we have had 
certain one-off credits which are a part of our financials, but there are also hits which are in its part 
and parcel of every quarter and what I will request is perhaps Abhishek or Dipak can take you through 
those items. But if a broader direction that you can look at is S&M and G&A as a bucket have more 
or less remained flat and the improvement is coming in through the gross margins. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And Aparna what kind of environment do you require to get to your aspirational band of aspirational 
margin number? Actually, it is not even aspiration is getting there almost. But you can just walk me 
through it? 
Aparna Iyer: 
So, are you asking me for levers? 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Environment, the type of environment required to get to the EBIT margin that you aspire for here? 

 
Wipro Limited 
October 17, 2024 
 
Aparna Iyer: 
Kawal, we have laid out, like you rightly said, we are one step closer to that 17%-17.5% target ban 
that we had laid out several quarters ago, we are happy with the performance that we have had in Q2. 
We have taken one big step towards that. Obviously in Q3, we will have to work through the 
headwinds that we are starting the quarter with. I think all hands on the deck as far as Quarter 3 
execution is concerned, perhaps at the end of Quarter 3, we will be in a better position to tell you 
how the margins look beyond. I think over a long term for it to like really to let us say touch and 
sustain beyond 17% operating margins, we said that the revenue environment also needs to improve. 
A lot of the margin improvement that we have delivered is on the backdrop of revenue decline, so 
certainly the growth in revenues will help the trajectory both to surpass that 17% and also sustain, 
Kawal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to Mr. Dipak Bohra for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dipak Bohra: 
Thank you all for joining the call. In case we could not take any questions due to time constraints, 
please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations team. Have a nice evening. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the Management Team. On behalf of Wipro Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
