 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
Regd. Office: 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road-5C, Zone-5, GIFT CITY, Gandhinagar,  
Taluka & District - Gandhinagar – 382 355, CIN: L64203GJ2010PLC061366 
Tel: +91 79 67772204 | Fax: +91 79 67772205 | Email: ir@ia.ooo | Website: www.ia.ooo  
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Company Code No.: 539807 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Company Symbol: INFIBEAM 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended on September 
30, 2024 
 
In compliance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investor/ Analyst conference call on financial performance 
of the Company for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024 conducted on Tuesday, 
November 12, 2024, after the meeting of Board of Directors, for your information and records.  
 
This transcript is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.ia.ooo.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Infibeam Avenues Limited 
 
 
 
Shyamal Trivedi 
Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
SHYAMA
L TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHYAMAL TRIVEDI 
Date: 2024.11.14 
15:43:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Infibeam Avenues Limited Q2 FY25 Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL MEHTA - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
MR. VISHWAS PATEL - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL BHAGAT - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
INFIBEAM AVENUES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Infibeam Avenues Limited Q2 FY25 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening everyone and welcome to Infibeam Avenues Limited earnings 
call to discuss the Q2 FY25 Results. 
We have on the call with us today Mr. Vishal Mehta – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Vishwas Patel – Joint Managing Director and Mr. Sunil Bhagat – Chief Financial Officer. 
Also joining us on the call today is Mr. B. Ravi, who's advising Infibeam on Corporate and 
Financial strategy as an Independent Consultant. We must remind you that the discussion on 
today's call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
I now request Mr. Vishal Mehta to take us through the company's “Business Outlook” and 
“Financial Highlights”, subsequent to which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you, Rajat, and very good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Infibeam Avenue's Q2 FY25 
Earnings Call. 
I appreciate you joining us to review our 2nd Quarter and first half performance for the fiscal 
year 25. This quarter has been transformational for Infibeam Avenues in many ways, as we 
continue to advance our strategic vision with very strong growth momentum and another robust 
performance, building on the momentum that we achieved in the first quarter of FY25. 
I'm excited to share some updates on our recent acquisition and integration of Rediff. With over 
70 million registered Rediff email users, we are transforming their experience by upgrading them 
to a super app that will now house RediffPay also as its primary payment solution, which will 
be focused on UPI. The super application that we'll build out will also include a range of other 
financial products, bringing seamless financial management to millions of users on a trusted 
platform. 
Looking ahead by the end of Q4 FY25, early Q1 26, we plan to launch RediffOne, which is a 
complete suite of enterprise solutions. RediffOne will provide enterprise ERP solution, 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
enterprise CRM, customer relationship management, as well as HRMS, human resource 
management systems, along with enterprise grade email services, which provides a 
comprehensive digital toolkit for businesses to go online and conduct their business. This 
initiative marks a significant step forward as we build a robust ecosystem of products that 
empower both individual users as well as enterprises, strengthening Infibeam’s position as a 
leader in digital transformation solutions. 
With Rediff’s vast user base of 55 million monthly visitors and a registered email base of 70 
million users, we are well positioned to accelerate our financial services aggregation, providing 
products like insurance, as well as connecting users to lenders under a trusted consumer brand, 
RediffPay. Through the integration of Rediff's digital infrastructure, which includes cloud-based 
enterprise email, storage, and content services, we are creating a unique digital ecosystem. This 
move not only expands our digital payment capabilities, but also enhances user engagement and 
opens up new revenue opportunities through cross-selling of financial products, leveraging 
advanced data insights, as well as our artificial intelligence framework. This new revenue stream 
is expected to contribute anywhere between 2% to 4% of our total revenue this year and 
potentially reaching up to 10% in coming years. 
As we build on our current achievements, I'm thrilled to share a few insights into the future 
direction of our artificial intelligence framework, Phronetic, which reinforces our commitment 
to innovation as well as solving real-world challenges with cutting edge technology. We are 
working on a new human computer interface at CI that will bring a revolutionary level of 
interactivity to video generation while chatting. Imagine a natural immersive human interaction 
that goes beyond text and voice, using video as a primary mode of engagement. With this 
advancement, we are setting out to elevate customer support and experience making our platform 
a go-to solution for premier customer interaction. 
This HCI interface will mimic face-to-face communication, creating a richer, more engaging, 
and more personalized interaction for users. Beyond this, we are also expanding our capabilities 
and understanding human activities, especially in areas like sports, entertainment, hospitals, and 
many more, where we are envisioning AI-powered agents. If it's sports, it's going to be coaches 
and umpires and many others. These applications could fundamentally change the way. We 
receive feedback opening new doors for precision and performance enhancement. This approach 
leverages our model in ways that meet a unique demand of several stakeholders in every area. If 
it's sports, it's going to be athletes, coaches, as well as other sports professionals. And on the 
third front, we are enhancing what we call agentic capabilities of our models, making them more 
proficient in handling software tools and even managing desk jobs. This evolution is aimed at 
making our AI versatile enough to serve in administrative, operational, and support roles where 
its decision-making and task execution capabilities will drive productivity and streamline 
workflow. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Our approach in AI is always application first. This means that we are not solely reliant on 
proprietary models. We have developed a model orchestrator that can integrate with other LLMs 
also to deliver the best possible application outcomes. This adaptability positions us to 
continuously discover new use cases for our video AI models, providing full stack deployments 
tailored to our end users. 
To Summarize: 
Phronetic AI is not just a technology company. We are building a platform that transforms 
interactions, powers better decision-making, and addresses challenges across industries. Our 
innovations in AI business manager, Theia AI and forthcoming HCI advancements are only the 
beginning. We will continue to lead in creating AI-driven solutions that make a tangible 
difference. 
I'm also excited to share Infibeam’s strategic vision as we expand into our data center 
infrastructure, complementing our artificial intelligence business. This moves aligns with India's 
digital transformation goals and supports the rapid advancement of AI and data localization. 
Instead of building very massive multi-gigawatt mega data centers that many large tech 
companies are pursuing, Infibeam will pursue the strategic decision to focus on developing 1 to 
2 megawatt data centers across multiple cities throughout India. The question is why small data 
centers, you might ask, because they're allowing us to bring our infrastructure closer to end users 
across the country. Small data centers play a critical role in mobile edge compute as well as 
visual artificial intelligence as they bring data processing and storage capabilities closer to the 
end users and on IoT devices. 
This proximity is a game changer, particularly for our core digital payments as well as our e-
commerce services. By reducing latency, we enhance transaction speed, reliability, and essential 
factors in delivering a seamless real-time experience for our customer demand. And it's not just 
about major cities by setting up smaller data centers. Infibeam can cater to growing demand in 
tier 2, tier 3 cities where digital adoption is expanding rapidly. This approach supports India's 
push towards a cashless economy and captures the broad diverse demand that's emerging in this 
region. Our decision to invest forward in a network of smaller data centers rather than a large 
scale gigawatt facility is a strategic choice that aligns with our priorities of cost efficiency, 
operational flexibility, localized service delivery, regulatory adaptability, as well as scalability. 
Small data centers are not only more manageable from an OPEX perspective, but also allow 
incremental growth. 
As demand increases, we can scale up gradually, adding capacity where it's needed, without the 
significant capital commitment and operational challenges that come along with operating a very 
large data center. This flexibility allows us to grow sustainability by maintaining control over 
costs and risks. From a regulatory standpoint, this distributed model also helps us comply with 
India's data localization laws, which require certain type of data to be stored and processed 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
within the country. Our localized infrastructure supports these regulations further strengthening 
our role as a trusted partner for our clients. It also aligns with the government's goal of fostering 
regional data infrastructure, improving data governance, and promoting digital resilience. 
Moreover, Infibeam's infrastructure strategy enhances our ability to concentrate on our core 
offerings, which is digital payments, e-commerce frameworks, and communication frameworks 
now with the Rediff acquisition. We are positioning ourselves to deliver optimized localized 
infrastructure that meets both our needs as well as those of our clients without the operational 
complexity and massive investments associated with large facilities. 
Finally, the Indian government has also expressed strong support for decentralized data 
infrastructure as means of strengthening digital resilience and supporting services across diverse 
regions. Infibeam's focus on smaller data center aligns perfectly with this national vision 
positioning us as a valuable partner in India's journey towards a digitally empowered economy. 
To summarize, Infibeam’s approach of building smaller distributed data centers is a thoughtful 
forward-looking decision that empowers us to deliver better services, adhere to the regulatory 
requirements, and scale efficiently. We are excited about this journey and are confident that this 
strategy will drive significant value for our business, our clients, and our shareholders. 
Another key development this quarter is the establishment of Infibeam Avenues Fintech IFSC 
Private Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary in GIFT City, within the India's IFSC zone. With 
an initial capital of one crore, this entity will operate as a payment system provider, expanding 
our fintech capabilities to target international and cross-border payments. This moves as part of 
our strategy to provide global scale regulated financial solution. Additionally, we acquired 
remaining 26% stake in one of our subsidiaries, Infibeam Digital Entertainment, making it a 
wholly owned subsidiary. This acquisition strengthens our commitment to digital media and live 
events, allowing us to leverage our fintech expertise in delivering engaging digital experiences. 
Now turning our key financial highlights in Q2, I'm pleased to announce that we achieved a net 
revenue of Rs. 134.3 crores this quarter, an EBITDA of Rs. 85.4 crores and a PAT of Rs. 55 
crores. Our take rate also saw significant improvements, reaching 11.3 basis points in Q2 FY25, 
a 21% increase from Q2 of last year. This reflects our disciplined execution, continuous 
optimization, and innovative approaches across our payment solutions, showing the strength and 
dedication of our teams. To reach the FY25 goals, we are accelerating our strategic initiatives 
and prioritizing international growth. Over the next 2 years, we aim to have international 
segment contribute to 12% to 15% of net revenue, up from its current single-digit share. For 
FY25, we are anticipating revenue growth of 25% to 30%, EBITDA growth of 10% to 20%, and 
a PAT growth of 20% to 35% year over year. Based on our performance so far, I'm confident 
we can meet these targets. 
Our priorities remain focused on delivering profitable growth, leveraging strategic investments 
like rediff.com and our AI initiatives and optimizing operations to capture the emerging 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
opportunities in digital payments and fintech sector. We believe our strategic roadmap aligns 
with the market needs and strengthens our ability to create sustained value for our shareholders. 
Thank you and now I'll hand over the call to Vishwas. Vishwas, over to you. 
Vishwas Patel: 
Thanks, Vishal. And good afternoon to everyone on the call. We are actively shaping Infibeam 
Avenues for future growth. And our 2nd Quarter exemplifies a commitment to resilience, 
innovation, and market leadership. The Indian digital payment sector continues to be a 
powerhouse, expanding at an impressive rate. In 2024, the industry is projected to go to 45% to 
50%. And more than 50% of the world's real-time transactions will happen in India. It will 
accelerate India's shift towards a cashless economy. This favorable macroenvironmental 
reinforces a strategic position as Infibeam Avenues is poised to capitalize on these opportunities 
with digital pay. 
One of the quarter's highlights was receiving approval for the RBI payment aggregator license. 
This license not only underscores a regulatory complaint, but also positions us rapidly to scale 
merchant onboarding. Simultaneously, our international expression through our GIFT City 
subsidiary enables us to offer cross-border payments, opening new revenue channels in the high 
global markets. In Q2, we onboarded 0.2 million new merchants, a testament to our commitment 
to simplify commerce. With an average of nearly 2,150 new merchants joining as daily, our 
network is expanding across diverse industries and geographies. 
Additionally, our net payment stake rate is also increasing to 11.3 basis points, signifying 
enhancing our profitability this quarter. This quarter, we also announced several strategic 
collaborations. The CCAvenue SoundBox Max, we were delighted to launch the first of its kind, 
an all-in-one SoundBox, which accepts not only UPI, but a credit card, debit card, and it 
enhances payment experiences with the support for dynamic and static UPI QR codes, NFC Tap, 
EMV dip and PIN. This will be our first physical for deployment in the offline space. LazyPay, 
we partnered with LazyPay to bring a buy now pay later solutions to the CCAvenue’s  payment 
gateway. This collaboration will empower thousands of merchants to offer flexible payment 
options, enhancing the checkout experience and boosting growth for all Indian businesses. 
Loylty Rewardz, our partnership with Loylty Rewardz will enable merchants to offer customer 
reward points as a payment option. Chalo: We introduced a new feature in the ChaloApp, which 
is the app which is used on all the BEST buses in Mumbai and 13 other cities. It allows Rupay 
NCMC recharges directly from the NFC-enabled phones. 
TTOD solution, it is one of the world's first where we unveiled India's first PCI MPoC-Certified 
Tap to your Own Device Solution, now converting retail e-commerce app into secure POS 
terminals on NFC-enabled phones. 
Our partnership with Citibank India. We'll introduce eNach payment options for recurring 
payments through Citibank India to enable merchants for seamless, direct debit for subscription 
payments. Karnataka Bank, our alliance with Karnataka Bank will provide their merchants with 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
a white label solution of CCAvenue payment gateway with over 200 plus options and host of 
features. This Karnataka Bank retail branches will be able to offer payment solutions to local 
retailers, schools, utilities within their region. 
Shopse Digital Finance. We are excited to partner with Shopse. They also offer a buy now pay 
later payment option from merchant network and that by expanding affordability suite. Apart 
from this, our BillAvenue, the bill payment platform also saw a record 1.55 crore transactions 
in 90 days, valued at almost Rs. 5,724 crores. This momentum reflects BillAvenue's relevance 
in the fast-evolving digital bill payment sector. 
Through our ResRevenue, our hospitality-focused solution, which is used by over 3,000 
hoteliers, we facilitated over 5,00,000 room nights for our hotel clients in this 90-day period, 
generating a transaction value exceeding Rs. 315 crores this quarter for our hoteliers. We are 
advancing product innovation by developing AI-driven revenue management tools to help hotels 
maximize revenue and streamline operations. This initiative is part of a broader commitment to 
equip hoteliers with cutting-edge technology. 
Now for international: 
CCAvenue entered the international, I'm glad to announce that we have done a capital raise in a 
UAE payment subsidiary. We have successfully raised capital from family offices and investors 
in UAE. We have achieved a post-money valuation of US $100 million for our UAE payment 
subsidiary and raised $20 million for expediting growth in that market. We are currently now 
processing AED 1.5 billion per month across more than 7,000 plus merchants in the United 
Emirates. We are now also establishing presence in the fast-growing Saudi Arabia market, the 
largest and the fastest-growing market in the Middle East. We have already invested in the 
presence there, along with hosting an entire tech stack there as per regulatory requirements in 
the kingdom. 
We have been certified by the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority as EMSP-PTSP provider and 
we have tied up with one of the Kingdom's biggest banks, SAB Bank, to be our acquiring bank. 
We have started onboarding major merchants like VFS, Visa Solutions and Nissan Motors and 
we plan aggressively to scale our operations in the Kingdom. Our efforts are not just focused on 
current profitability, they are geared towards future-proofing Infibeam Avenues. By building on 
the solid foundations, we are well positioned to capture the tremendous potential of India's digital 
economy. A path to sustainable, profitable growth is clear, and a focus on disciplined financial 
management that has led us to predictable and sustainable growth in revenue, diversification of 
revenue streams, and continuing improvements to our bottomline. 
Our platforms for years together have been offering a suite of cutting-edge financial tools and 
payment solutions for businesses across our country and beyond. But going forward, we're now 
going to expand up our platforms for consumers too across our country. We are on the verge of 
the most significant milestones in our journey. A transformative move in the digital payment 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
space that we believe will not only redefine how transactions are made, but also set a benchmark 
for innovation in the industry. As Vishal has already said earlier, RediffPay, our latest venture 
into the world of digital payments for consumers. It is not just another addition to the digital 
payment landscape. It represents a bold step into the future of financial transactions and it is 
designed to meet the rapidly evolving consumer market. RediffPay will not be only offered to 
the existing loyal Rediff customer base of 70 million users, but will eventually be aimed to be 
the only financial tool for over a billion Indians. It will not only offer UPI and other tokenized 
card mechanisms as payment options for consumers to pay with, but it will also offer a plethora 
of financial products and services like real-time fixed deposit booking, mutual funds, insurance, 
share trading and for consumers to invest, but it will also give them access to capital for their 
own personal and business requirements. Fundamentally, it will redefine the way people interact 
with money. We are setting the stage for a more inclusive connected future where no one else, 
regardless of their location or technology and infrastructure is left behind. 
With that, I will now hand it over to Sunil Bhagat, our Chief Financial Officer, to provide insights 
into the quarter's financial performance. Sunil Bhai, over to you. 
Sunil Bhagat: 
Thank you, Vishwas sir. Good evening everyone. In the 2nd Quarter of FY25, we made 
substantial progress in financial performance, driven by disciplined execution and a focus on 
profitability. For quarter two, our gross revenue increased from Rs. 787 crore in Q2 FY24 to Rs. 
1017 crore in Q2 FY25, marking a strong growth trajectory. Notably, our net revenue saw a 
year-over-year rise of 24%, climbing from Rs. 108 crore to Rs. 134 crore. Our net take-rate 
exceeded expectations, rising from 9.3 basis points in Q2 FY24 to 11.3 basis points in this 
quarter reflecting a 21% increase. This improvement contributed to higher net revenue, EBITDA 
and PAT. Our EBITDA also grew by 26%, reaching to Rs. 85 crore in quarter 2 FY25 from Rs. 
68 crore in the quarter 2 FY24, with an EBITDA margin of 64% as a percentage of net revenue. 
Our profit after tax also reached to Rs. 55 crore, reflecting a year-over-year increase of 43%, 
underscoring the effectiveness of our profitability initiatives. 
As we move forward, we remain focused on achieving profitable growth and delivering value to 
our stakeholders. With that, I now invite the moderator to open the floor for the question and 
answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from Deepesh Sancheti from Mania Finance. Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Very excited to hear about your RediffPay. When should we expect the app and are we looking 
to become a fintech company? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So we are a fintech company. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes, I mean, similar to the Jio Finances and Paytms? 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Vishal Mehta: 
So RediffPay, if you look at, currently the application has been downloaded by a few million 
users, which is a Rediffmail app. And what we plan to do is upgrade the app to make it a super 
app, which will also house RediffPay. And so what we believe in is that communication, much 
like you do have communication layers like WhatsApp and PhonePay and others. Similarly, 
RediffPay is a communication framework and payments sitting on top of a communication 
framework is how we envision the app to look like. And to answer your other question, will it 
be a full-fledged app? Absolutely, we'll introduce more financial products along with the 
RediffPay framework, which will sit on top of a communication setup, which has already been 
downloaded by millions of users. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And about your Phronetic AI, it secured a 1 million USD order and annual contracts with 
hospitals and a UAE gas station. Could you provide clarity on the timeline of revenue 
recognition from these contracts? 
Vishal Mehta: 
It'll be this year itself. So we've already started monetizing. And so annually, we'll be upwards 
of million dollars in terms of run rate. We've actually expanded the relationship beyond gas 
stations to wing bridges and many others. So, Phronetic is being implemented in multiple areas. 
You see, we started out with visual AI, so it is object identification. We migrated the models to 
actually understand scenarios, which means that not just identifying the object, but in relation to 
that object, what are other objects looking like and what are they interacting with? And then 
activities within the scenario is the third layer of the model. So we've been able to go across the 
two or three different versions of our framework, which have been deployed. And when I talk 
to you about HCI and many other agentic behavior, it just means that the model should be able 
to imitate the agent then. And so I think that's the path that we are going forward with. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
So what potential do you see in scaling similar AI solutions in sectors like healthcare and energy? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Very large. You see, when we started out, we thought that the vision that we had was Uberization 
of payments. You go into an Uber, you walk out, there's no scanning of card, there's no QR code, 
there's nothing that you need to do. It just deducts the money from the wallet. And so I think in 
the world of AI, we think that Uberization of payments across multiple areas will be the future. 
And for that, video intelligence, understanding visual AI will become key. And when we started 
out, we thought, we'll get into that payments that we setup, which is gas stations and others. But 
we find that the applications are diverse. And as long as the models can be trained for each of 
these applications, it becomes a very valuable setup. So healthcare, for example, in some ways, 
critical intensive care units, where it's very hard to monitor clinical patients because there is only 
one person across the entire facility. Visually and video intelligence can play a very large role. 
To summarize, it's not just face recognition, it's more of actually understanding the whole 
activity within that because face recognition may be just an object identification in some ways. 
So we think that there'll be many applications. We've focused on certain areas more than others 
at the moment. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay, now we mentioned that there is a projected revenue growth target for FY25 and about 
25% to 30%. What proportion of the capital will be allocated towards AI and international 
expansions versus your core digital payments and platform development? And what is the return 
on investment we are targeting for the strategic investments? 
Vishal Mehta: 
For international, we have raised about Rs. 165 – Rs. 167 crores recently to expand our 
international business. We think international will become 10% to 15% of our revenues in 
coming quarters. We currently process about one and a half billion dirhams a month in UAE 
across 7,000 plus clients. We have also started expanding in Saudi, we have received a PSP 
license in Saudi, and we're expanding into other geographies as well, Oman being one of them. 
So we think that international is a good opportunity and we'll continue investing in that setup 
and we've raised capital there. As far as our core business over here is concerned, we think that 
AI is just not just going to be the software piece of it, but the Edge compute, which is the data 
center piece that we talked about, where you can containerize data centers closer to the clients 
and go distribute it in that data center. Connecting into a gigawatt data center eventually will be 
the strategy and the approach that we'd like to follow. In that, I mean, if you, of course, depends 
upon a containerized one megawatt data center, typically, in some ways, will the CAPEX of a 
particular one megawatt containerized center will be anywhere between Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 crores. 
But this will essentially allow us to get into specifics for a particular client and provide Edge 
compute to our clients. And that's the approach that we will go after. We typically follow the 
client. So in general, you'll start seeing ROI much quicker and not have that heavy CAPEX going 
in in one go and not being able to see monetization through. So I think our investment in India 
will be primarily in people. So we'll invest in people and in data centers. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Great. Coming to this quarter, we noticed that there was an amazing increase in your revenues, 
but there was also an increase in your other expenses compared to the last quarter. Could you 
give a breakdown of the key factors which is driving this rise, and are these expenses recurring 
or one time? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So, we will decide. So, if you can see the other expenses, it is close to 1.5% to 2% of the total 
revenue. So, the revenue is increased. So, correspondingly the other expenses also increased. 
Yes, we have some expenses in terms of one time expenses which we have booked in this quarter 
pertaining to the composite scheme and other things. Other than that, there is a regular expenses 
that will be incurred. So, there is a one time impact on this time. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Sir, can you quantify how much was the onetime expenses? 
Vishal Mehta: 
It is close to 1.5% most probably. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
So then why this revenue does not come with a great margin? Because I can see the net, I mean 
the profit before tax and the net profit also not in line with the revenue increase. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, but if you see the last quarter, there was a one-time impact of other income, which was not 
this time. So that is the impact, there is a decrease in the profit before tax. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And given the excellent H1 numbers, do you plan to revisit your guidance for FY25? And what 
are the primary drivers that would influence this future revenue growth? 
Vishal Mehta: 
We'll continue with our guidance. This of course is an important quarter which is the holiday 
quarter. We've been tracking well, we think that we are confident in achieving our guidance. 
And if there are any changes to that, we'll of course communicate the right time. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay, and any other acquisitions you're looking at? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Nothing as of now, we evaluate opportunities from time to time. And as we evaluate, we would 
of course communicate to the shareholders when it materializes and should it actually go 
forward. Historically, we've been slightly conservative. Our internal bias is always to build and 
not to buy. But when you feel that the right opportunity presents itself with the right kind of 
people and a great brand and possibility to build out synergies, Yes, that's when we forward 
invest and we are able to take it forward. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Also, like given that we have already de-merged one of our companies, should investors expect 
another de-merger coming with a Phronetic AI or you want to build it and then maybe scale it 
up and after that de-merge? Are we looking at that? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Phronetic is like I said, it's a platform that we're building out which will actually help all of our 
businesses. And there's a lot of synergies between what Phronetic is building out on video 
intelligence and payments. And we think that we want to build it up. As far as the model and the 
framework is concerned, we'll continue building it out. As far as getting into edge compute and 
slightly more in some ways command centers which are closer to the clients. Because many a 
times clients would prefer that they would want to have their own infra and their own edge. And 
that business will also keep on building out, but we'll evaluate as we go along. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Grishma Shah from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Grishma Shah: 
I'm keen to understand the business model around the tie up with LazyPay? 
Vishwas Patel: 
Just to clarify, this is regarding the IFSC subsidiary company you asked? 
Grishma Shah: 
Yes sir. 
Vishwas Patel: 
Okay, so the IFSC within the GIFT City zone, since we already have significant presence there, 
on legal terms it's a separate country on its own, right? So a lot of Indian businesses and insurance 
companies and everything who are aiming for the international audience, namely NRIs, have put 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
set up base there, but as a RBI license payment aggregator, we cannot acquire the merchants 
based out of the IFSC zone, right? So one part of the business was there was an immediate base 
that we already have with our presence. So we may be among the first to get a payment 
aggregator license in IFSC to support all those processing transactions for all the merchant base 
that are there for all the banks, financial institutions, and lots of other service providers that is 
there. Second part is also there's a cross border thing that we can do very easily from GIFT City. 
So there are certain models which I cannot dwell in right now, but it is enable to tie up with 
international gateways and get good local rates out there and offer it to merchants here. So the 
GIFT City, the IFSC subsidiary, where it enables us to do 1001 this kind of businesses. That's 
why we have incorporated this company and applied for the license at IFSC. 
Grishma Shah: 
No, but I want to understand the BNPL tie-up, sir? 
Vishwas Patel: 
BNPL tie-up with the different service providers. So as I said, in the CCAvenue payment 
gateway, our mindset is that of us to give the maximum number of payment options so that our 
merchants can offer it to their consumers to consume transactions. So when we have credit cards, 
when we have debit cards, and we have all these dozens plus wallets, and when we have more 
than 100 net banking options that we can trade through their bank account, then we have standing 
in sections and other things. So BNPL, also there are a couple of providers who are quite active 
in the market. So say, if MakeMyTrip is our merchant and he wants to offer say if there is a 
LazyPay merchant customer who has this thing and wants to pay for a MakeMyTrip ticket. If 
you enable LazyPay as a payment option for MakeMyTrip on CCAvenue, that means there is 
more conversion, more transactions. So it gives us those BNPL customers onto this. So for us, 
as many options that we can offer so that our merchants can further offer to their customers to 
close their sales, it's better. Hence the BNPL tie-ups with all providers. 
Grishma Shah: 
We will earn a transaction revenue? 
Vishwas Patel: 
Yes. So on every transaction that flows through the system, we earn revenue out of it. A 
percentage based revenue comes across to the company. So that's the whole idea to increase the 
payment option base. 
Grishma Shah: 
And is the government still using our Agri platform or now they have transitioned to the new 
platform? 
Vishwas Patel: 
There is no Agri platform. As a payment gateway, we are enabled on lots of government 
websites. We never built a dedicated Agri platform for the government. We do add the GeM 
platform, but not Agri platform. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, GeM platform is still being utilized by the government. But like we'd mentioned earlier, 
we don't report revenues from that because we are in discussions and in some arbitration with 
them. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Grishma Shah: 
Okay, so still no conclusion on that? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Not so far. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Veer Vadera from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Veer Vadera: 
Could you elaborate on specific initiatives aimed at attracting larger high-value merchants? And 
how has our pricing strategy evolved to cater to these clients, particularly in light of our 
increasing stock rate in markets like India and Dubai? 
Vishal Mehta: 
See, look, I think Vishwas will add to what I have to say, but we have gone after a lot of merchant 
base. We add about 2,000 odd merchants every day on the platform. So the take rates usually 
come from larger base of merchants and not from selected few. If you look at the top 3 or 5 sites 
in India, you may see CCAvenue on a few payment options, one or two, but not all. So we 
normally go after merchants where we have better take rates. So take rates is a function of going 
wider across merchants, one. And second is that the base has to be larger. And then we also have 
a few merchants that provide us volume, which potentially allows us to get better rates. And so 
I think it's a combination of that. And as far as our take rates are concerned, we have optimized 
the take rates quite a bit. While majority of the other providers, they think of payment gateway 
take rates as actually just a means to get more volume and sell other services. We have said it's 
not either or, it's the end. We have to make money in payment gateway framework as well as in 
other services that we provide on top of it. As far as international clients are concerned, Yes, 
there will be certain clients specifically that we want to go after. That is where we find that so 
for example, like a very large geography like UAE, we have 7,000 odd merchants. Now in India, 
we had 2,000 merchants every day, but all of UAE, we have 7,000 merchants. So the geography 
is not very large from that perspective, but we also feel that going into offline payments, along 
with online payments, which is tap pay devices, the other SoundBox that Vishwas talked about, 
that should be a strategy which will adapt both in India and internationally. And that is something 
that is not accounting for our revenues, but the moment we get into boss devices, the cost of 
devices have come down significantly. And as the cost of devices comes down, if we had 
purchased and implemented the device a year ago, it would have been, it's Moore's law. It keeps 
on, you get more processing power, you have reduced cost of hardware. So now I think we have 
reached a point where we believe the cost of hardware is not going to have a major impact 
because it's come down significantly. If you recollect, earlier it was in five digit numbers, now 
it's actually low four digits, or in some cases even three digits. So I think that's where we find 
that there's an opportunity that we'll tap into, which also helps us in increasing our volumes and 
improving take rates. 
Veer Vadera: 
Okay, and given Rediff's diverse services such as cloud-based email and content distribution, 
what operational or technical challenges have arisen during integration? And are there additional 
investment required to optimize Rediff platform for Infibeam business model? 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Vishal Mehta: 
The second question is simple to answer. Yes, of course there is additional investment and we 
have invested in the company and the company will invest in infrastructure people and certain 
specific areas that potentially allow the brand to get recognized. So that position, because it's a 
consumer facing model, like Vishwas said, this is the first time we are getting into consumer 
payments framework and that makes it more interesting. So I think while our business, 
RediffOne, which is the business suite, will focus on B2B and Infibeam will focus on B2B, but 
the RediffPay version of it, which is the financial products and other services in RediffPay, they 
will be on the consumer side as well. So we're getting into that space. And so that's one. Second 
is that integration challenges, we don't typically talk about integration challenges. Like any other 
acquisition, you would of course have challenges that you would want to overcome as we build 
up. But like I said, I think that we'll continue evaluating what areas of technology, what areas of 
business do we need to optimize and we'll forward invest and keep on building up on that. 
Veer Vadera: 
And as our international business, especially in region like UAE and Saudi Arabia continues to 
expand, could you share insights into the profitability of these markets? Also, are there particular 
regions or product lines that are delivering stronger performance and contributing more 
significantly to revenue growth? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Look, the take rates in international are much better than take rates in India. If you recollect last 
year, we were in single digit bps. Now we're in two digit bps. Whereas take rates internationally 
is as high as 18 to 20 basis points. So I think there's better take rates internationally compared to 
India. But international does not have UPI and real time settlements as much as in some ways in 
India it does. And so what we need to do is we need to increase the number of merchants in the 
international business. And that will come through, like I said, offline acquisition, QR code 
based acquisition, online build out, and getting our brand across and then offering more products 
and services to the same merchant base. So I would not be surprised when we talk about Rediff 
Fund, which actually has things like ERP, HRMS, and CRM frameworks along with enterprise 
emails, we can also offer that to the merchant base who are using payments. We see a lot of 
cross-selling opportunities, but we can't forward communicate what we plan to do because we 
still have to see the adoption of it and the rollout of it. And as and when it becomes possible, and 
when we feel that the product maturity has reached that level, we'll update you on the same. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
One on the net take rates. So your take rate has improved to 11.3 bps, but our credit card mix 
and contribution from other sources, debit card and net banking has fallen. So what leads to 
improvement in take rates? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So you're talking about the slide which is slide 12? 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Yes. 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Vishal Mehta: 
Where credit card is 44% in Q2 of FY25? 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Right. 
Vishal Mehta: 
And Q1 was 46%. And so the question is again, so the total, of course volume has increased in 
terms of the total transaction processing volumes. And so across different payment options, 
we've got different take rates. And then we also are able to settle faster with the merchant in 
many cases, which helps us in terms of the overall margins. So if you look at quarter over quarter, 
it's likely improved. It's 11.2 basis points to 11.3 basis points. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
And sir, on our platform businesses, what's the contribution from Rediff this quarter? 
Vishal Mehta: 
There is no contribution from Rediff in Q2. Rediff will start consolidating from 1st of October, 
Q3. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
From 1st of October. So, maybe just a rough breakup of what constitutes our current platform 
revenue as Phronetic AI executes contributions? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, so it's basically our frameworks which we give to large companies. We've of course talked 
about Jio being one of our clients, Saudi Telecom being another one of our clients. We've got 5 
or 7 important clients that potentially give us that revenue. Phronetic AI is now adding up to that 
revenue, but again, it's in the buildup phase. So we've signed contracts and fortunately, Phronetic 
will contribute to over a million dollars this year. So we believe that we will start seeing a larger 
impact from Phronetic and other frameworks next year, not this year. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Okay, and just asking the data center business, any timeline as to when that revenue will start 
going in and that business starts be cash flow positive? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, I think data centers tied quite a bit with what we're deploying for Phronetic. And so we 
think it should be as soon as next year in 26. So we'll start building it up. We already have a data 
center today, which is active which is in GIFT City, but we'll start opening up in other cities. So 
you can start seeing the revenues from data center in FY26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Nishant Gupta from Minerva Global Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nishant Gupta: 
My question is just an extension of the data of Interpoint which you were talking about. So what 
could be the quantum of CAPEX that you would require to set up the small data center and what 
is expected in the sales, etc. which you can generate from that? 
Vishal Mehta: 
Basically, these are containerized data centers, which means that we are not talking about 
gigawatts. We are talking about megawatts. So rather than opening up, there's always economies 
of scale. And most companies and larger companies, they'll invest in gigawatts. But we believe 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
that in order to cover the length and breadth and be able to provide edge compute, we would 
need to set up smaller data centers. So the CAPEX will be, like I said, about Rs. 10 or Rs. 20 
crores per location. And this includes all physical container, power equipment, cooling solutions, 
fire systems, and all the basic networking. And we think that we already have use cases. So we 
ourselves will be client to that data center for our infra, and then we'll open it up to others as 
well to utilize it. So we believe that it should be, while there is CAPEX involved, but it should 
be accretive. You're looking at an ROI within 12 to 18 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Anil Katyal, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Anil Katyal: 
Good evening, thanks for the guidance and posting good results. I just wanted to know when 
this Autigma is going to list? 
Vishal Mehta: 
So as far as the process is concerned, I think that we've given an update on slide #4. So in other 
words, we believe that NCLT has approved the composite scheme of arrangement. Shares have 
been allocated to the respective shareholders and the company has filed an application with the 
exchanges for the approval of listing and trading. And the same is under consideration, so we 
expect to hear any time from them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Pramod, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Pramod: 
So my question on the share performance of the company. Many developments like new business 
expansion is happening with the company, and revenue is increasing every year. But share price 
performance is stagnant since many quarters, with consistent selling coming from insiders. So 
can you please explain why Infibeam is not attracting institutional investors like D2s as their 
contribution in the shareholding is very negligible. How do you think investors' confidence can 
be improved going forward? 
Vishal Mehta: 
See, our internal thesis is always to focus on the business, and that's what we've been doing for 
the past several quarters and years, if you come to think of it. We believe that we will deserve 
the investors through execution and not optics. And so as long as we keep on focusing on 
execution at the right times things should show up. That's one. Second is as we expand and as 
we build out the company, we believe that we need to work with what you mentioned, 
institutions to be able to allow them to understand the company better. I think fortunately with 
more companies getting listed in the digital payment space with Paytm also getting listed 
recently. While people and shareholders are still understanding what payment ecosystem holds 
and what it means, we actually work in the same ecosystem. And what we need to do is, we need 
to actually communicate the differentiation of what we are compared to what others are 
providing. So rather than getting into a cash burn cycle, we've always looked at profitable 
growth. And we believe that that should continue driving and guiding us as we build it out going 
forward. But to answer your question, we believe that as we keep on executing and if we continue 
doing what we are doing and giving guidance and meeting expectations, hopefully that builds 
our trust and that'll attract the right investors into us. I will just add to that, the communication 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
line with the investors, with the analysts and all have been increasing have been done well and 
therefore I believe that it will be only a matter of time by which the communication and the 
company's growth potential everything is recognized by the market and it's all up to the rest of 
the investors as well as the people who are there in this space investing in space for them to 
really recognize the potential of the company and I'm sure that should happen sooner than later. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Basant Bansal, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Basant Bansal: 
I just have one observation that operating expenses in this quarter has increased by 3% to 4% 
year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. So can you elaborate on this? 
Sunil Bhagat: 
So operating expenses incurred as compared to the increase in the revenue from operations. So 
it is linked with the revenue from operations. If you can see the net revenue, the net revenue is 
increased. 
Basant Bansal: 
No, my point is that if I see operating expenses as a percentage to your revenue, in this quarter, 
it is around 90%. Whereas in the previous quarter and last year same quarter it was around 86% 
to 87%, so there is an increase of around 3% to 4%. 
Sunil Bhagat: 
Yes, so the increases might be on account of the increase in the options that the payment… 
Vishal Mehta: 
There's some impact of payment mix and then there's also some impact in terms of the people 
that are required, operating expenses have gone up. We have forward invested in certain areas. 
And so for example, Phronetic being just one of them, where we've invested in artificial 
intelligence and certain other options. So if you think of it in terms of the overall, it's essentially 
the card mix as well as forward investing in certain areas. 
Sunil Bhagat: 
I see that maybe we can do the detailing offline. 
Basant Bansal: 
Will it be investing going forward or it was just a one-off kind of thing? 
Vishal Mehta: 
No, we'll keep on investing. It won't be one-off. Wherever we find that the opportunity is right, 
we'll forward invest for growth. And just so that all these investments and expenses, they are 
front-loaded, which means that you'll have to make those investments upfront and then you start 
reaping the rewards. And in places where we find that we can match and take a reduced risk, 
we'll do that. But in most cases, when we build out frameworks like AI and Visual AI and many 
others, you will have to front load the cost. And those costs will actually be necessary for our 
future growth. So we'll continue investing and making those choices. So to answer your question, 
it won't be one off. We'll continue investing every quarter in these futuristic tech frameworks. 
Basant Bansal: 
And if benefits of those expenses are going to approve over the period of say 4 to 5 years, then 
can we amortize it over that period instead of charging at one time? 

 
Infibeam Avenues Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Vishal Mehta: 
We normally charge to revenue. That's been our internal philosophy. So we'll charge to revenue 
and so like I said, we'll expense them out. 
Basant Bansal: 
No, that is true. I know that it is your philosophy, but you can also explore to amortize it over 
the period of certain period to which the benefit will accrue. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, so we'll follow the accounting standards and we'll do the right thing as per the audit 
standards. 
Sunil Bhagat: 
We can examine if that is possible, but we'll go ahead on a conservative basis as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you all for joining our 2nd Quarter half-year earnings call and we look forward to keeping 
you updated on the new and exciting developments in the company. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
