IRDA Reg. No. 115
Mailing Address: 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16, 
New Linking Road, Malad(West), 
Mumbai - 400064
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408
Registered Office: 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar 
Marg, Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025
Toll free No.: 1800 2666
Alternate No.: +918655222666 (Chargeable) 
Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Website: www.icicilombard.com 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/176-10/2025 
October 24, 2024 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference call for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2024 
This is further to our letter dated October 11, 2024 and October 18, 2024, please note 
that the Company had hosted earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) 
on Friday, October 18, 2024 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for 
the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2024.  
In this regard, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2024.  
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. 

IRDA Reg. No. 115
Mailing Address: 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16, 
New Linking Road, Malad(West), 
Mumbai - 400064
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408
Registered Office: 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar 
Marg, Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025
Toll free No.: 1800 2666
Alternate No.: +918655222666 (Chargeable) 
Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Website: www.icicilombard.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2024.10.24 
16:44:44 +05'30'

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 1 of 32 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
October 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO 
MR. ANAND SINGHI – CHIEF RETAIL AND GOVT BUSINESS GROUP  
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF CORPORATE SOLUTIONS GROUP, INTERNATIONAL & 
BANCA (ICICI GROUP) 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY & HEALTH (UW & CLAIMS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call  
October 18, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's Q2 & H1 FY2025 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
From the Senior Management Team, we have with us today, Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri – MD and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gopal Balachandran – CFO, 
Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief Technology and Health Underwriting and 
Claims, Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief Corporate Solutions Group, Mr. 
Anand Singhi – Chief Retail and Government Business.  
 
Please note that any statements or comments made in today’s call that 
may look like forward-looking statements are based on information 
presently available to the management and do not constitute an 
indication of any future performance as future involves risks and 
uncertainties which could cause results to differ materially from the 
current views being expressed.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please 
signal the operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD and CEO – 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the 
Earnings Conference Call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
Limited for Q2 and H1 FY2025.  
Let me give you a brief overview of the industry trends and 
developments that we have witnessed in the ensuing months. Post this, 
our CFO – Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the financial Performance 
of the Company for the quarter and the half year ended September 30, 
2024.  
During the Q1 FY2025, India's real GDP grew by 6.7%, primarily driven 
by private consumption. Moving into Q2 FY2025, the government 
expenditure started witnessing an uptick. GST collections continue to 
remain steady for Q2 and the direct tax collections are growing at a 
decent pace. This may provide much needed support to retail spending 
in the upcoming festive season. Further, a normal monsoon may help 
drive rural demand in coming months. Nevertheless, the current 
situation in the West Asia region and any substantial increase in crude 
prices remains a major risk for the overall economic growth.  
Speaking of General Insurance (GI) performance: 
The industry delivered a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) growth of 
7.0% for H1 FY2025 over H1 FY2024, impacted by Q2 FY2025 growth 
of 2.0%. However, excluding crop and mass health segments, the 
industry registered growth at 10.9% for H1 FY2025 and 6.9% for                         
Q2 FY2025.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
Now talking about the auto industry, growth for the quarter was muted 
as reported by SIAM. Private cars with higher base de-grew at 1.8% (Q1 
FY2025: 3.0%), two-wheeler grew at 12.6% (Q1 FY2025: 20.4%) and CV 
de-grew at 3.2% (Q1 FY2025: 7.8%). This entails approximately                         
2.1 million private cars; 10.2 million two-wheeler and 0.8 million CVs 
being sold in H1 FY2025. Further, the retail numbers as reported by 
FADA has also seen de-growth for private car at 5.1%, two-wheeler 
growth at 4.7% and CV growth remained muted at 1.1% for Q2 FY2025.  
The Health segment during the quarter continued to deliver double-digit 
growth, largely driven by Retail business registering growth of 17.7%. 
The growth in the group business was moderated due to pricing 
pressure and the health business was impacted due to relatively muted 
disbursement by financial institutions.  
The Commercial Lines segment during the quarter was a mixed bag, 
with industry growth at 2%. While Fire segment de-grew at 10.7% on 
account of pricing pressure. However, government spends on 
infrastructure development and acceleration in private sector 
investments has spurred positive growth especially in segments such as 
Engineering, Liability and Marine.  
The regulatory environment continues to focus on policyholder's interest 
while fostering innovation, competition and sustainable growth for the 
industry, thereby reinforcing the authority's vision of ‘Insurance for All 
by 2047’. 
Overall, for the medium to long term, we remain positive that the 
General Insurance industry will continue to grow, given the favorable 
regulatory changes, low penetration and rising disposable income.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
Now speaking of the underwriting performance of the industry, the 
Combined ratio for the industry remains at 113.9% for Q1 FY2025 as 
against 113.5% for Q1 FY2024.  
For the Motor business, the industry's Combined ratio worsened to 
125.6% in Q1 FY2025 from 121% in Q1 FY2024 which can be largely 
attributed to the increase in the loss ratios.  
Now let me update you on the performance of Key Business Segments 
for us: 
The Company's GDPI for Q2 FY2025 grew by 10.4% as compared to the 
industry growth of 2.0%. Excluding crop and mass health, the Company 
grew by 9.4% as compared to the industry growth of 6.9%.  
 
In the Commercial Lines segment, we grew at 1.2% as against 
industry growth of 2.0%. We continue to maintain leadership 
position in Engineering, Liability and Marine Cargo segments. 
However, in the Fire segment, we remained vigilant in terms of 
risk selection while maintaining our market share.  
 
 In the Motor segment during the quarter, we registered a growth 
of 16.1% as against the industry growth of 6.2%. The overall 
growth in the Motor Segment during the quarter was aided by 
growth in old business. We continue to maintain our market 
leadership 
with 
robust 
capabilities 
across 
distribution, 
underwriting, claims servicing and actuarial practices.  
During the quarter, we sustained a balanced portfolio with a mix 
of private car, two-wheeler and CV at 54.4%, 24.6% and 21.0% 
respectively. Our Preferred Partner Network (PPN) enabled us to 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
service 72.8% of our Non-OEM claims in Q2 FY2025, up from 
63.4% in Q2 FY2024.  
 
 The Health segment grew at 12.3% in Q2 FY2025 led by Retail 
Health. We registered growth of 41.4% in Q2 FY2025 as against 
industry growth of 17.7% in the Retail Health segment. Our 
growth in Q2 was supported by our recently launched product 
‘Elevate’. Our market share for Retail Health segment has now 
reached 3.5% in Q2 FY2025.  
In the Group Health- Employer Employee segment, we took a 
cautious approach due to increased competitive intensity. 
Consequently, we grew by 1.0% in Q2 FY2025 as compared to 
growth of 34.6% in Q1 FY2025.  
During the quarter, our Banca business de-grew by 2.6% due to 
lower credit disbursement growth in our Key Relationship 
Partners. Within this, ICICI Group distribution grew by 19.6% for 
Q2 FY2025 due to our continued strategic focus on branch 
banking business.  
 
We continue to strengthen our Digital business. During the 
quarter, our customer facing digital business grew by 14.7% 
constituting 6.3% of our overall GDPI. Our investments in new 
customer acquisition strategy through website led to growth in 
fresh business of Motor and Health segment by 45.9% in                        
Q2 FY2025.  
 
Our one-stop solution for all insurance and wellness needs, the 
‘IL TakeCare’ app has surpassed 11.6 million user downloads till 
date registering a premium of ₹ 556.8 Mn for the quarter.  
As discussed in our previous call, we continue to harness energies 
through the ‘One IL One Team’. Under this, one of our initiatives- ‘One IL 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
One Call Center’, we have consolidated multiple call centers into three 
specialized teams: fresh acquisitions, renewals and servicing to drive 
improvement in operational efficiencies and the overall customer 
experience. Additionally, our investments in CRM technology and AI 
tools have further increased productivity by high teens and improved 
customer service, particularly in Retail Health and Motor segments.  
In conclusion, we continue to strengthen our multi-product, multi-
distribution strategy, led by our focus on product innovation, data 
analytics, and digital enhancements. These initiatives, coupled with the 
spirit of ‘One IL One Team’ position us well to capitalize on future 
opportunities and drive profitable growth.  
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for 
the recently concluded quarter and half year.  
Gopal Balachandran:  Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give 
you a brief overview of the financial performance of the recently 
concluded quarter and a half year. We have uploaded the results 
presentation on our website. You can access it as we walk you through 
the performance numbers.  
Gross direct premium income (GDPI) of the Company was at                         
₹ 144.09 Bn in H1 FY2025 as against ₹ 124.72 Bn in H1 FY2024, a 
growth of 15.5% against the industry growth of 7.0%. Excluding Crop 
and Mass health, GDPI growth of the Company was at 15.0%, which 
was higher than the industry growth of 10.9% in H1 FY2025.  
 
GDPI was at ₹ 67.21 Bn in Q2 FY2025 as against ₹ 60.86 Bn in 
Q2 FY2024, a growth of 10.4%. This growth was higher than the 
industry growth of 2.0%. Excluding Crop and Mass health, GDPI 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
growth of the Company was at 9.4%, which was higher than the 
industry growth of 6.9% in Q2 FY2025.  
Our GDPI growth during the quarter was mainly driven by preferred 
lines of businesses.  
On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at                  
₹ 24.82 Bn in Q2 FY2025 as against ₹ 21.38 Bn in Q2 FY2024, 
registering a growth of 16.1%.  
 
The advance premium number was ₹ 35.13 Bn as at September 
30, 2024, as against ₹ 34.56 Bn as at June 30, 2024.  
GDPI of the Health segment was at ₹ 15.29 Bn in Q2 FY2025 as against 
₹ 13.62 Bn in Q2 FY2024, registering a growth of 12.3%.  
 
Our agents, which includes the Point-of-Sale or POS distribution, 
count was 1,33,683 as on September 30, 2024, up from 1,31,021 
as at June 30, 2024.  
The overall GDPI of our Commercial Lines segment grew by 1.2% at                   
₹ 14.93 Bn in Q2 FY2025 as against ₹ 14.76 Bn in Q2 FY2024.  
During the quarter, the industry witnessed multiple catastrophic (CAT) 
events, namely floods in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, North India, 
Gujarat, etc. impacting our combined ratio, which was 103.2% for                     
H1 FY2025 as against 103.8% for H1 FY2024. Excluding the impact of 
CAT losses, of ₹ 0.94 Bn in H1 FY2025 and ₹ 0.83 Bn in H1 FY2024, the 
combined ratios were 102.2% and 102.7% respectively.  
 
Combined ratio was 104.5% in Q2 FY2025 as against 103.9% in 
Q2 FY2024. Excluding the impact of CAT losses of ₹ 0.94 Bn in 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
Q2 FY2025 and ₹ 0.48 Bn in Q2 FY2024, the combined ratio was 
102.6% and 102.8% respectively.  
Our investment assets during the quarter rose to ₹ 515.57 Bn as at 
September 30, 2024, up from ₹ 510.04 Bn as at June 30, 2024. Our 
investment leverage (net of borrowings) was 3.91x as at September 30, 
2024, as against 4.14x as at June 30, 2024.  
Investment income was at ₹ 22.52 Bn in H1 FY2025 as against                         
₹ 18.00 Bn in H1 FY2024. On a quarterly basis, investment income was 
at ₹ 11.24 Bn in Q2 FY2025 as against ₹ 9.56 Bn in Q2 FY2024.  
Our capital gains (net of impairment on investment assets) stood at                    
₹ 5.21 Bn in H1 FY2025 as against ₹ 2.82 Bn in H1 FY2024. Capital 
gains (net of impairment on investment assets) for the Q2 FY2025 stood 
at ₹ 2.37 Bn as compared to ₹ 1.65 Bn in Q2 FY2024.  
Our Profit before tax (PBT) grew by 31.9% at ₹ 16.93 billion in                         
H1 FY2025 as against ₹ 12.84 Bn in H1 FY2024, whereas PBT grew by 
20.3% at ₹ 9.19 Bn in Q2 FY2025 as against ₹ 7.64 Bn in Q2 FY2024.  
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT) grew by 31.7% at ₹ 12.74 Bn in                      
H1 FY2025 as against ₹ 9.68 Bn in H1 FY2024. PAT grew by 20.2% for 
this Q2 FY2025 at ₹ 6.94 Bn, up from ₹ 5.77 billion in Q2 FY2024.  
Return on average equity (ROAE) was 20.3% in H1 FY2025 as against 
18.0% in H1 FY2024. The return on average equity for Q2 FY2025 was 
21.8% as against 21.1% in Q2 FY2024.  
Solvency ratio was healthy at 2.65x as at September 30, 2024, as 
against 2.56x as at June 30, 2024, continued to be higher than the 
minimum regulatory requirement of 1.50x.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has declared an interim dividend 
of ₹ 5.50 per share for H1 FY2025 as against ₹ 5.00 per share for                      
H1 FY2024.  
As I conclude, I would like to reaffirm that we continue to stay focused 
on driving sustainable value creation and profitable growth while 
protecting the interest of policyholders at all times. 
I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings call and we will 
now be happy to take any questions that you many have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead.  
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on the net commission rate for the quarter. 
It seems like it's slightly elevated when I compare it to the second 
quarter of last year. Could it be because of higher sales in the Retail 
Health segment? Have we changed our commission structure in that 
product or is it just because the product mix has shifted more towards 
that segment? That's the first question.  
 
Second, sir, majority of the rise in the combined ratio in this quarter has 
been because of the catastrophic losses. So, will we still hold on to our 
guidance of being able to touch 101.5% as a closing combined ratio in 
Q4 FY25? Given that the majority is from catastrophe and in case we 
don't see any more surge in claims, so just the guidance around that.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yeah, I think Gopal will answer the first one and I will talk about the 
guidance part.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
Gopal Balachandran: Yeah, Shreya, I think you are absolutely right, so far as the net 
commission ratio numbers are considered, it's obviously a function of 
the mix of business that you underwrite. And as you would have seen, 
our approach to writing risk as what we put out also as a part of the 
opening transcript was to drive profitable growth. Therefore, in that 
context, when you look at the mix of business, largely what we have 
been able to drive is profitable businesses in Motor and the Retail Health 
segment in specific and relative to that, our growth in, let's say, the 
Group Health/Commercial Lines have been relatively muted and that is 
clearly a factor that has contributed to the change in the net commission 
ratio. Also given the fact that we have also been a bit cautious on the 
Commercial Lines, there is also some bit of impact, so far as reinsurance 
commissions are concerned because the ratio is on a net commission 
basis. Therefore, it is a factor of both change in the business mix as well 
as let's say our approach to being a bit cautious on the Commercial 
Lines side, which is what has contributed to the net commission 
numbers.  
 
To your point on have we changed anything on commission structures, 
the short answer is No, we keep looking for market opportunities in 
terms of how we want to write businesses, but at an aggregate level I 
think what we stand committed is to make sure that from an Expense 
of Management standpoint, which includes both commission plus 
operating expenses, both of t hat put together, as a Company we stand 
committed to make sure that we are well within the limit of 30% at an 
aggregate level.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, overall, you are right. The CAT event in Q2 has impacted the loss 
ratio by 1.9% and thereabouts. Otherwise, overall the combined ratio of 
the Company, if net of CAT event is looked at, has shown an 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
improvement. In terms of the guidance, as things stand, we have no 
reason to change the guidance at this point of time. We very keenly will 
look at the industry numbers also as they come out on the Q2 and the 
H1 P&L. I spoke about in my own script which I said that the Q1 number 
for the industry has come out relatively status quo while we used to 
have a year on year improvement last year and that also has come on 
account of elevated loss ratio and little bit of impact on account of 
expenses. We stay committed. At this point of time, we have no reason 
to deviate from it. We do look at the intensity in the landscape that you 
see in the commentary overall as to what is happening on the 
commercial end of business. We grew GHI business at almost 31% and 
thereabouts and the Q2 again you look at the numbers, we have gone 
down and we clearly do understand that these are all changes. The fire 
business has gone through a bit of a concern in terms of where the 
discounting has increased again. We have abstained from any wild 
participation and still we have been able to maintain the market share 
on each of these business lines. So, yes, we stay committed to that, but 
we continue to watch the market scenario.  
Gopal Balachandran: Just to only add to that, Shreya, what we would say is, in fact, we will 
start seeing this impact felt from an overall market as well and if you 
would have seen in general given our ability to risk select- portfolios, our 
exposure from some of these CAT events have been relatively lower 
compared to the natural market share that we have had as a Company. 
Hence, a large part of this change consequent to the CAT losses will be 
reflected from a market perspective at the time of the reinsurance 
renewal that will start happening from the next year. So, in fact, the real 
impact is something that you will start seeing from an industry 
standpoint at the time of the reinsurance renewals which will kick in for 
next year.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, you are saying your catastrophe reinsurance will be priced worse off 
for us for the industry going ahead, right, because of the numbers?  
Gopal Balachandran: No, I think these are events that are playing out, right? So, honestly, if 
you ask us, could we have anticipated, let's say, about four events 
coming and hitting us at an industry level in one quarter, the short 
answer is no. With wavering weather patterns that you are seeing 
across periods, honestly one will have to wait and see how this develops 
and then maybe as things move forward, we will be able to start giving 
you better insights.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
This question is on the Motor segment. So, in the last quarter, you had 
mentioned about the growth in new versus old. So, it would be great if 
you could share a similar trajectory for H1 and just an extension to that, 
whether, if the growth in the renewal or the older business of the new 
vehicle has been stronger, what are the drivers for the same that you 
have been able to get more growth there?  
 
And second question would be on the motor outlook again. You 
mentioned in the opening remarks that the growth has been slowing 
down in terms of number of vehicles and whatever the outlook that we 
are hearing, is that its outlook is also going to be muted in the second 
half. Even for festival season, the demand outlook is not expected to be 
great. So, what kind of growth trajectory should we anticipate for the 
Motor segment, especially in the H2? Those would be my questions.  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Prayesh, on the first one, if you recollect what we had said in Q1, 
when the aggregate growth in motor for us was about 26%, at that 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
point of time we had said the growth in new was about 16% and the 
growth in renewal was roughly about 33%. Given what we had talked 
about as a part of this opening transcript in terms of as you rightly 
indicated new being relatively muted, pretty much on similar lines, if you 
ask us for Q2, the growth in new has been flattish and a large part of 
the growth of that 16% that we spoke about has been significantly 
aided by growth in the renewal book or let's say the old book which has 
grown at almost about 26%. So, that's the split. This is specifically in the 
context of Q2 vis-a-vis what we had seen in Q1.  
 
To your point on what's driving some of this growth, as a Company we 
have always been looking at, which we have spoken about even in 
earlier calls, while we stay invested in obviously leveraging our relative 
strength on OEMs/dealerships- partnerships. But at the same time, we 
have also been significantly investing on our agency/ other distributions 
as well. In that context our strength on distribution, service, use of 
technology, all of that is what is significantly aiding the growth in the 
renewal book. Plus equally if you recollect what we also talked about 
was to significantly move into ‘One IL One Call Center’ initiative, which 
is also what we put out as a part of the opening transcript, under which 
we wanted to have a significant focus as one of the streams where 
retentions are concerned and that is also in a big way, aiding the growth 
in the old book.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, on the second point on the motor outlook, you are right. The overall 
numbers that have come out for the industry has been muted, and there 
is nothing new that we are talking about. It's all over, every possible 
channel as to where the industry is. But I must also highlight one fact 
that on private car in particular, which contributes more than 50% of our 
portfolio as far as motor is concerned, it's on a very high base. We have 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
had a very secular run on private car as an industry, almost when COVID 
was still there and then it kind of continued for a while. So, on a very 
high base, if it is flattish also, it does not overtly concern us. Yes, two-
wheeler has shown better numbers, but two-wheeler also had 
recovered only 80%-85% of pre-COVID levels while private car has 
moved in the zone of 130% to 140% of what it was pre-COVID peak. 
Commercial vehicles, mixed bag, but which can be a proxy in many 
ways to the industrial activity, which takes place. We do believe it can 
pick up in end of Q3 or maybe by Q4. So overall, yes, we are expecting 
single-digit growth in H2, but that itself should suffice. This also is the 
backdrop that as an industry we have not had much of a TP hike for 
almost the last three years, if I may say. It's a combined factor, but we 
stay committed to harness what works for us. We are excited with H2 
also and the festive season has just got started. Footfalls have been 
high, the sales numbers are still building up, probably we will have a 
much better sense how the festive season goes by November mid and 
thereabout once the Diwali part is over.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a clarification on this. You mentioned the single-digit growth that 
you expect in H2, is for vehicle sales or is it for the premium growth of 
the Motor Segment for General Insurance industry?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
I am talking about the vehicle sale, is what I am referring to.  
Prayesh Jain: 
The vehicle sales?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Yeah.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited. Please go ahead.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, first I think in your opening remarks you mentioned that on the Motor 
Segment industry, combined ratios have worsened. Now, in this 
backdrop, I think in H1, your performance has been very good. Do you 
think that this will be sustainable given industry loss ratios have 
worsened and so how do you think this can pan out? Do you think the 
competitive intensity has got higher, so that's question number one. 
Second sir, last year we were discussing that a lot of your competition 
is above the 30% expense and commission ratios and is not in 
compliance of the EOM norms. So, is IRDAI looking to do something 
about it? What is the thought process of this, that may help in getting 
industry combined ratios under check and we can benefit in that 
scenario?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
I will answer both of them. On the combined ratio side, when we spoke 
about motor, the combined ratio for the industry has moved from 121% 
to 125.6%, so clearly it's worsened. When you look at the loss ratio on 
that, the industry had in quarter one last year loss ratio of 84.5%, it's 
gone to 87.6% and there is an increase on the expense side also which 
has taken it from 36.5% to 38%.  
 
Interesting place when you split this in PSU and private sector, clearly 
PSU has worsened from 134- 141%, driven by significant increase in 
loss ratio. Private from 115%- 118%, so that has been a movement that 
you have seen in loss ratios for PSU. For private sector in particular, it 
also in a way answers as to what ICICI Lombard can look at. It has 
remained in the zone of 74.2% to 75%, and there is a marginal increase 
in the private sector as far as expense ratio is concerned, where it has 
moved from 41.1% to 43.5%.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
 
So, from the balance perspective and where IL journey can be, we stay 
committed and we do back ourselves on two counts. One is in terms of 
the selection that we are able to do as an entity, and secondly the 
manner in which we are able to service our customer, which is at speed 
and in a far more efficient manner. So, all of that in combined, we would 
love to probably put this across that we stay committed to where we 
are.  
 
Yes, at an industry level, finally we are part of the overall operations of 
the business. As things stand, we would love to see improvement at the 
industry level also, because if that happens, it can create further niche 
for us and improve our combined ratio. So, that's my take, and we stay 
committed to take care of our motor practice. We would be agile enough 
to make movements between private car, two-wheeler and commercial 
vehicle, as it warrants in a dynamic manner at any point of time.  
 
On the second question, in terms of what we mentioned on expense of 
management, yes, the data is out. It's there with the regulator. We are 
in no position to put a comment. We continue to pursue with them as to 
what strictures they will put at some point of time. There are multiple 
nodes and there is a lot of proactive work being done by the regulator 
on multiple counts, including the master circular which has come for 
each of the product categories. So, we do believe something is in the 
offing, but we are in no position to comment as to when and how this 
would get transpired.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
But you definitely expect some action to bring the industry in line.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
From our position, we definitely will expect, but we are not the right set 
of people to comment as to how and when they will do it. That decision 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
fairly and squarely stays with them. But yes, we do expect that some 
action will be taken by them at some point of time.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
And one more question, finally on the Health segment. Health segment 
loss ratios have worsened in the first half and Q2, I know seasonally is 
a little bit of a weaker quarter in that respect, but is there any structural 
problem in the industry? Is pricing adequate? What is your sense?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
If we continue to monitor closely this structural problem, my answer is 
no. Are there challenges, which comes on account of some bit of 
seasonality, which leads to increase in frequency? Answer is yes. There 
is an element of that, that does come in. Nevertheless, the way the 
process works and the way the regulators care in the environment, if 
there are challenges, each one of us is well within the rights to seek a 
repricing of the portfolio. So, in an agile mode, all this can be addressed 
over a period of time.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Gopal, can you split the motor growth for the quarter and for the half 
into new and old and in this old, can you give a bit of color that this old 
is driven by the existing customers, that is, they are renewing what they 
bought last year with you? Or is it the business which is coming from 
other companies? Because compared to industry, we seem to be gaining 
significant share of market in this business. So, if you can give a color bit 
there and how sustainable it is, it will be useful to understand the future 
of outlook too.  
 
The second question related to that is, that if you are doing more old in 
OD, then ideally the loss ratio should deteriorate in OD, but we are 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
seeing an improvement in H1 or quarter compared to the last year. So, 
just wanted to understand what is playing in our favor to see that better 
loss ratio in motor OD? 
 
Lastly, on TP, I believe you guys said last time that loss ratio of 65% -
70% is the number what you need to watch out for. That's the guidance 
you have given and that was last year. And now it is tad below 65% for 
first half. Just wondering, given there is no TP price hike, whether you 
believe this number is still sustainable, because I am asking this question 
from the perspective that in last three years loss triangles, that is 
FY2023, FY2022, FY2021, you did not choose to take any reserve 
release from motor TP, so, just wondering whether this number is 
sustainable or not? 
 
Also lastly, if you can give a data point, health loss ratio broken down 
into retail and group. That's it.  
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Sanketh. So, I will take it in the sequence, I will start with last 
and go to the first. So, on the breakup of the health loss ratio, in Q2 
FY2024, on the employer-employee side, was 102%, vis-a-vis that Q2 
FY2025, was about 98%. On the retail indemnity, again Q2 FY2024 
numbers were roughly about 66.6% and Q2 FY2025 was about 70.3%.  
 
But again, the point that we have always maintained is, if you look at 
on the employer-employee side, largely we have said, the portfolio 
should possibly end the year in that range of about 94%-95%. This is I 
am referring to corporate health. And on the retail side, broadly we have 
talked about trying to run the portfolio at a loss ratio around that 70% 
threshold. So, that is what we are largely working towards, at least so 
far as the portfolio build-up is concerned.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
 
Your third question on the TP loss ratio range that we spoke about, I 
think when I talked about at an aggregate Motor Segment level, we had 
said broadly the range that we are comfortable operating at is between 
65%-67% and within that, we had said OD, possibly you are looking at 
running between 60%-65% and third party, as you rightly mentioned, 
was between the range of 65%- 70%. What we also keep saying is, 
honestly you should keep looking at numbers more on ideally multiple 
annual cycles, because these are third-party books which typically runs 
over multiple long-term periods in terms of development. Hence, to that 
extent, at this point of time, we stay within that range of what we spoke 
about, which is motor at an aggregate level of 65%- 67%. And within 
that third party, we believe should broadly kind of run at a range of 
about 65% - 70%. That also kind of resonates with one of the other 
points that you rightly mentioned, which is what we are also seeing is 
obviously no TP price increases and therefore, to that extent, that is 
another factor that we will be equally mindful of in terms of how we kind 
of risk select the portfolios. So, that is in response to question 3.  
 
To your point on question 2 on the OD loss ratios, I largely answered as 
a part of question 3, which is, the range that you see even on a half 
yearly basis or even within that, if you look at on Q2, broadly that loss 
ratio range on own damage has been running between in that range of 
about 60%-65%.  
 
But having said that, one of the things that we have been speaking 
about even in our earlier earnings call is, there is a lot of thrust and focus 
on us to make sure that we are able to significantly leverage on the 
service parameters, particularly on trying to see how we can manage 
the overall cost of claims in the context of motor specifically. Also if you 
remember, one of the initiatives that we spoke about driving in that front 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
was to leverage on our PPN network. And there again, if you would have 
seen, what we have tried to do is to, the proportion of claims that has 
got settled through the PPN network, the numbers have clearly 
increased.  
 
So, all in all, pretty much comfortable with the range at which we are 
operating at in the context of own damage, to your point on the second 
one. And to your first point, I did give out the numbers of the growth 
between new and old. Just to reiterate, Q1 FY2025, new grew at about 
16%, old book had grown at about 33%. Q2 FY2025 as I said, the growth 
in the new has been largely flattish, and the growth in the renewal book 
has been about 26%. On a half yearly basis, the growth in new has 
roughly been about 7% - 8%, and the growth in the renewal book has 
been close to about 29% -30%. So that's been the break up.  
 
Now in terms of where is that growth largely coming in on the old side, 
I think, as I said, there is a significant thrust on us in terms of making 
sure that we are able to retain as many customers of ours and so far as 
the initiative that I  also spoke about. But equally what we have also 
been able to see is some expanded market as well, which is why if you 
see, for example, on motor as a category where we used to  possibly 
actually see us running at a market share of slightly less than 10%. Right 
now, we are at a market share of close to 11%. So obviously, we have 
also been accreting some of the businesses from the market as well. It's 
been a combination of both. But as I said, the endeavor is to try and see 
how we can maximize retention, particularly at times when you see 
some slowdown from a market perspective, then we leverage our 
strengths on distribution, service and technology to increase customer 
retention.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Gopal, just a follow-up. Can you give a trend last year on how was our 
retention and what is today in motor, just to give a colour, whether it is 
driven by our own book?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, on an average, what I would say, Sanketh, is if you look at it from a 
motor standpoint in general, and I am largely just confining to private 
car and two-wheeler as categories. On an average, I would say we 
would have seen an increase in retentions ranging between 2%-4%. 
That's the increase in retentions that one has seen. And the same trend 
line while you are talking in the context of motor, just to possibly expect 
a follow-on on the health side as well.  
 
I think even there, what we have seen is obviously a slight uptick, where 
retention numbers are concerned, pretty much around similar ranges. 
So, as a Company, we believe there is a lot that we can do  so far as 
retaining the customers are concerned and to that extent is where we 
are driving a lot of our initiatives now.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from J.P. Morgan. Please 
go ahead.  
Aditi Joshi: 
Just two questions from my side. Firstly, on the investment leverage side, 
I see that the first half investment leverage was slightly downward. So, 
can you please help explain the reason behind that? And going forward, 
what do you think of investment leverage trend?  
 
Secondly, on the retention side, premium retention, it was slightly on the 
higher side. So, I just want to understand your strategy going forward. 
Will you plan to retain more on your books or how are you thinking about 
it? That's all.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
Gopal Balachandran: Again, I will go in the reverse sequence. So, if you look at the premium 
retention, as I said, it's largely a function of the change in the business 
mix. As I outlined at the beginning, in Q2, our sourcing on the 
Commercial Lines have been relatively muted, where we typically have 
a slightly higher reinsurance and therefore to that extent retentions are 
lower. And given that we were cautious, that book has grown at a 
relatively slower pace. Compared to that, we have seen a significant 
uptick on both the retail lines, which is both retail health as well as our 
motor lines of businesses. Both of which predominantly we end up 
retaining pretty much everything on the net account. So hence, to that 
extent is where you would have possibly seen a slight uptick as far as 
the premium retentions are concerned.  
 
To your point on what can we expect going ahead, purely very difficult 
to comment on a number because it all depends on how we see the 
momentum play out in terms of different lines of businesses. But if you 
ask us, is there any change in the thought process in terms of retention 
versus reinsurance? At this point of time, obviously there is no change in 
stance. But obviously, we will take it as we play through once the 
discussions for the reinsurance programs happen at the beginning of 
Q4 of maybe the next calendar year beginning. So, that is where we are 
on premium retention.  
 
To your point on investment leverage, we have put that in the opening 
transcript, in the context of the market being a little slow, particularly in 
Q2. If you would have seen, as I said, industry grew at about 13%, we 
grew at 20% in Q1 vis-a-vis that market grew at about 2%, or 
thereabout in Q2, and we grew at roughly at about 10%. So, to that 
extent, the fact that there has seen a relative slowdown in growth, that 
obviously acts as a factor where investment leverage is concerned.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
 
Secondly, in general, if you would have seen the trend line, Q2 over Q1, 
generally the investment leverage seems to show a declining trend. And 
this trend starts to reverse as we head into the festive season or maybe 
Q3 where you will start seeing a lot more collections play through. 
Hence, to that extent is where we are. On a normal trajectory, I think 
broadly what we should say is, we have talked about trying to maintain 
investment leverage around 4x. That's broadly the trend line that one 
should expect. But in a particular quarter, you can always see some of 
these aberrations.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
And then also one more thing just to add is, mathematically speaking, if 
your growth of profit is higher than the growth of investment, there can 
be a bit of a denominator that will come out, it should get moderated 
with cash flows over time.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please 
go ahead.  
Nidhesh: 
Sir, my question is on Motor TP. In Motor TP, last three years, there is no 
price hike and because of which, the loss ratio in the segment should 
ideally be going up. Also some of the companies, I think, are also going 
slow in Motor TP. So, what is giving us confidence that the business that 
we are underwriting is of appropriate quality in terms of profitability?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, Nidhesh, yes, there has been no hike and I spoke about that just 
some time back. The configuration in terms of how our book is placed, 
the contribution of commercial vehicle is around 21%, and we always 
say it will remain in the range of 18% - 19% to 23% - 24% is what we 
expect the commercial vehicle is, which is the bare minimum. We are 
more driven by private car and two-wheelers. So, there is a mix and 
selection that comes into play. Clearly yes, industry would love to see 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
certain categories increase on the third-party premium and we continue 
to be in discussion with the regulator and all the other authorities who 
are involved in that. But we stay committed to our process of selection. 
The rigor which we go through, even in times when industry was doing 
extremely well in certain categories, we had let go and had shown a 
declining trend. So, we have stuck to our course and the reason to 
believe that we should be able to play it out the way we have been 
giving our numbers. That's all I can say at this point of time.  
Nidhesh: 
The 60% loss ratio that we are showing on Motor TP, is it a function of 
decline in accident incidents? So, this number looks pretty good, so what 
has led to that? How we are able to deliver this number? Is it our 
underwriting or it is a structural decline in incidents of the accidents? Or 
it is the benefit of Motor Vehicle Act that we are setting now?  
Gopal Balachandran: Again, Nidhesh, we have reiterated this even in our Q1 earnings call. 
Particularly in the last piece in terms of are we factoring in any element 
of a benefit in the context of the likely implementation of the six month 
rule, the short answer is no. So, at this point of time, we are not 
necessarily factoring in anything in the context of reserving at least so 
far as the law of limitation is concerned. But if you ask us, insofar as the 
third party is concerned, as I keep saying, you should ideally start 
looking at this number over longer cycles because of the inherent nature 
of the business in terms of how the loss development takes place and 
that's the reason why we said generally at an aggregate level, the range 
that we are comfortable operating at is between that 65% to 70% 
threshold. Even the point that Sanjeev made in terms of our mix of 
business, there if you would have seen a large part of our third party is 
significantly also contributed by the relatively higher mix that we have 
on private car and two-wheelers relative to let's say the exposures that 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
one has so far as the commercial vehicle segment is concerned. So, 
hence that's also a factor that plays out. 
 
Also, in general, I think what we have also been able to do not just now, 
over periods, we have been able to significantly work on making sure 
that we are able to identify pockets, which we believe are viable from 
an underwriting standpoint and to that extent, that aids in risk selection. 
Also, if you also remember even within CV, while I said we have been 
underweight, the call that we took if you remember almost about 4-5 
years back, is to stay invested in the segment where we think there is 
an opportunity, we would possibly take those calls in possibly 
earmarking some capital on doing the right risk selection. And in the 
hindsight, we have actually seen some of these calls play out to our 
advantage.  
 
So, all in all, multiple factors that are aiding, but as I keep saying, we just 
want to reiterate, the range that we are comfortable operating is 
between 65% to 70%.  
Nidhesh: 
Last question on two-wheeler. In two-wheeler, the sector growth has 
been reasonably strong, but our share of two-wheeler business on a 
year on year basis has declined from 28% to 25%. So, what is happening 
there?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, that is primarily the mix, Nidhesh. Again, as we keep saying, it is all 
a function of how you see the market play out. Let's say, for example, 
Q3 typically the cycle could again undergo a change once you see some 
of the demand picking up. So automatically, you will see the mix of 
business within motor undergoing a change. So, all in all for us, there is 
no specific change in thought processes.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, I will just add to this. So, the decline of 28% to 25% which you are 
referring to Nidhesh is more the configuration. We haven’t lost market 
share in two-wheeler, but we have gained more in private car at a faster 
pace. So, that changes the percentage distribution of our business. 
Otherwise, motor overall, if you look at it, and which is a bigger number 
to see, we move from a 9.8% kind of a market share to almost 11%, 
which is 10.9%. So, there is an overall gain. And in that journey, 
whichever way the configuration comes out, it's more driven by output 
of percentages of portfolio distribution, not that we have lost anything 
in two-wheeler.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayant K from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead.  
Jayant K: 
Just a bit on the renewal book, can you help us understand how the 
renewal rates across the segments within motor have been trending, 
and how much has improved over the last, say, one or two years, and 
maybe even the last two quarters, is that contributing to the renewal 
growth? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Jayant, I think I already answered that. I don't think we are talking 
specifically in the context of specific sub segment within motor. All that 
we can talk about is to say that at an aggregate level, motor as a 
category, we have seen an improvement in retention broadly increasing 
between 2% to 4% and that's what I also referred to helping us relatively 
grow our proportion of the old business, the breakup of which I had 
given in response to one of the questions. 
Jayant K: 
And do you expect this to continue improving from here, I mean, basis 
the efforts that you guys are taking on improving the renewals? 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
Gopal Balachandran: The short answer is yes, Jayant, because I think one of the other points 
that I spoke about is our increased thrust that we are putting on 
customer service. Also, if you see one of the other things that we keep 
talking a lot about, which is also there in our annual report and even in 
multiple of our disclosures that we have made is clearly at least as far 
as customer satisfaction score/ NPS scores are concerned, it is only 
seeing an uptick, and that automatically in some sense aids customers 
to stay hooked, as far as retentions are concerned. So, hence, to that 
extent, that's definitely a factor and the fact that we are also able to 
divert maybe a lot of our customers where the Preferred Provider 
Network is concerned, where also the customer is concerned, they are 
assured of clearly two things - One, it helps in the managing the overall 
average cost of claims, and two and more importantly what we are able 
assure the customer there, is the quality of repair, and the relative 
turnaround time that we are able to exhibit, so far as servicing those 
claims are concerned. So, that is exactly what a customer looks for, 
when he or she gets a claim, the earliest possible time within which a 
vehicle can be repaired and given back, that possibly results into a 
delightful experience, and there we have seen a significant uptick on the 
PPN network, which, again, is translating it to an improved retention for 
us.  
Jayant K: 
One last follow-up on this. In terms of channels, is some channel sort of 
helping over others in terms of improving the retention rates over here?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Channel-wise, when it comes to retaining our own customers, we have 
our own direct channel reach out to them. To some extent, its channel 
agnostic, but yes, certain categories may end up having better retention 
than other channels. Website has a good retention. Agency business 
has a much better retention. OEM, relatively, at times, gets distributed, 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
may have a lower one, but when we approach our customers through 
call center in terms of retaining it, it's more a process improvement and 
a consistent reach out that we have created, which is helping us retain.  
Jayant K: 
Is digital slightly better over agency for you?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Historically, it has been better.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Prithvish Uppal from Elara 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Prithvish Uppal: 
Just wanted to understand the context of the rising CAT losses. Can you 
put some color in terms of how the pricing is on the reinsurance side, 
specifically on the CAT events, how do you see that possibly moving the 
next year or in the medium term? And in case there is some kind of 
reinsurance price hike, what strategy do you think would be viable at an 
industry level, the passing on of the cost or the absorption?  
 
Second, I wanted to understand in the Health segment, what is the mix 
between the old and the new book? And if possibly you could give some 
color on the loss ratio split between the renewal book and the new 
book?  
Gopal Balachandran:   So, on the first one, as far as rising CAT losses are concerned, I think your 
point is absolutely right and that is exactly what we keep looking for. 
Now, again if you have to slightly go back to history, if you remember 
almost about four or five years back when the market had seen stress, 
particularly in fire line of business, at that point of time, clearly reinsurers 
had stepped in and they had said, in case if companies want to avail 
appropriate reinsurance capacity, the market has to be more disciplined 
where pricing is concerned.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
 
To that extent is where they had calibrated pricing terms and the extent 
of possibly reinsurance commission that they would be ascribing to 
individual companies. And in that context, if you would have seen from 
an ICICI Lombard standpoint, given that we were largely exhibiting a 
profitable book in terms of our ability to risk select better quality book. 
We were actually able to keep improving our panel of reinsurers and 
relatively our terms on reinsurance were also better. Therefore, now 
when you look at in that context if the market further improve pricing, 
that is very positive because that in some sense aids the market to get 
far more disciplined because if reinsurers were to define an increase in 
price, then there is a call that companies will have to take in terms of 
their ability to pass on to, let's say, what they are able to do so far as 
keeping it on the net. So, any increase in pricing, but all this will start 
getting reflected once we do our reinsurance conversations, which will 
happen towards Q4 of this year. So, we will see how that plays out.  
 
To your point on the health side, for us the growth is aided by both 
contribution by, as I said even on the motor while I spoke about on 
retention, even at that point of time I had said even on health, there is a 
significant focus for us and therefore to that extent, we have also seen 
an improvement in the retention ratios of customers on health as well. 
So far as the growth numbers are concerned, it is a growth that is aided 
by both retention of customers and more importantly, if you see the 
newly launched solution ‘Elevate’ particularly that we launched in Q2 of 
this year, that has been received very well across multiple stakeholders. 
That's why when you look at retail health as a category, the market 
share which was largely hovering around 2.9% or there about, for Q2 
that number stands at about 3.5%. While it's an outcome of just one 
quarter as we launch this solution, but obviously we are quite excited 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
and happy with the way how this has played out and honestly, we will 
have to keep this momentum going as we kind of look forward.  
 
To your point on what could be the split where the loss ratio of new and 
the renewal book is concerned, honestly, to my mind, that's purely a 
function of what kind of a mix of business that we write and our 
objective will be to write a combination of both new and renewal. And 
that's why I kind of talked about in the context of the overall loss ratio 
that we are comfortable on the retail health side which is roughly at 
around 70%. The mix there on is the split between new and renewal will 
be purely a function of what mix of business that we write.  
Prithvish Uppal: 
So just one follow up, in terms of the industry loss ratios that we are 
seeing across the board have been rising. So, is that driven more by 
frequency of claims or is it just purely claim size that has been 
increased?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Such frequency numbers at the industry levels are not available so very 
difficult to comment, but if the loss ratio is the one which is contributing 
more, it can be a contribution of nothing but frequency and the average 
claim size that comes into play is what our understanding is.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question 
for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you so much for joining in. I think we are in the midst of the festive 
season. Wishing you all a great Happy Diwali to you and your family 
members. Stay good, stay fit, stay happy. And we are excited in terms 
of what Q3 entails for us and I hope it brings us all good luck. I look 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
forward to interacting with you one to one as and when your time 
permits. Thank you.  
Gopal Balachandran: Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
Limited, that conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:                   Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other 
risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there. 
 
