 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Jain Plastic Park, P.O.Box: 72, N.H.No. 53, Jalgaon – 425 001. India. 
Tel: +91-257-2258011; Fax: +91-257-2258111; E-mail: jisl@jains.com; Visit us at: www.jains.com 
CIN: L29120MH1986PLC042028 
 
JISL/SEC/2024/10/B-2/B-6 
 
 
 
 
 
 31st October, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Ltd., 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, P. J.  Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Fax No.022– 22723121/22722037(Day) 
022-22721072 (Night)   
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,   
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Fax No. : 022-26598237/38 
Email : takeover@nse.co.in 
 
 
Ref:   Code No. 500219 (BSE) & JISLJALEQS (NSE) for Ordinary Equity Shares 
Code No. 570004 (BSE) & JISLDVREQS (NSE) for DVR Equity Shares 
 
Sub: Transcript – Q2/H1 of FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcript of Q2/H1 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call (Group 
Meet) held on 28th October, 2024 at 4.30 PM IST. 
 
The audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call is also made available on the 
Company’s website at: 
https://www.primeinfobase.in/z_JISLJALEQS/files/financials/JISL_Earnings_Conference_Cal
l_Q2-H1_FY-2025.mpeg 
 
Please take the above on record and acknowledge. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jain Irrigation Systems Limited, 
 
 
  
 
 
A. V. Ghodgaonkar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
AVDHUT 
VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR
Digitally signed by 
AVDHUT VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR 
Date: 2024.10.31 
09:55:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL JAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. BIPEEN VALAME – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHWINI TRIVEDI – DR CHOKSEY FINSERV 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dr Choksey Finserv Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ashwini Trivedi from Dr Choksey Finserv Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Ashwini Trivedi: 
Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Limited Earnings Call to 
discuss Q2 FY '25 results. Today we have on call Mr. Anil Jain, CEO and Managing Director; 
and Mr. Bipeen Valame, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and 
must therefore be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. Future results, 
performance or achievements may differ significantly from what is expressed and implied by 
such forward-looking statements. Please note the results and the presentation are available on 
the exchange and on our company's website. 
 
I now request Mr. Anil Jain to take us through the company's business outlook and financial 
highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. Welcome to all for second quarter result discussion and to also see what is the way 
forward. This has not been a great quarter in terms of revenue or the earning numbers and it 
has come less than our own expectations. 
 
If you think in terms of Y-o-Y, because especially our business is not sequential, it does get 
impacted with personality. While India business did not do that well in terms of revenue as 
well as overall growth, but other business, our subsidiary business for food or overseas plastic 
sheets business did very well. So, you know, it kind of resulted into approximately 12%, 
12.5% negative growth compared to the same period earlier time. 
 
But still company was able to clock close to INR1,200 crores of revenue during this quarter 
and earned, you know, close to INR140 crores, a little bit less EBITDA. And for the first six 
months when you think about it beyond the quarter, it's overall on a pad basis, our company 
has almost, no earning even though EBITDA is, for the six months close to INR318 crores. 
 
So, when we look at what went right and what went wrong during the quarter, that both the 
businesses in India where we sell drip irrigation to the farmers who are dealers and we sell the 
pipes and other materials, similar materials also, both of these, did not do as well as 
anticipated. 
 
Primarily it was like a lot of rains across the area where we sell. On an average rains have been 
about 20% to 30% more than last year or similar period, which augers well for subsequent 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
next, four to six quarters. But in this particular quarter, because of consistent incessant rains, it 
became an issue where fields remain wet and demand for pipe and drip both could not pick up 
at the farmer level. 
 
In addition to that, there was a fact that there are some states where we could have done a little 
bit more business, but we could not or we did not because the earlier recoveries were still not 
good enough. And therefore, we decided not to take that additional exposure. And some 
reduction is linked to the project business where we have decided to kind of wind down the 
project business. So that was naturally expected. 
 
All in all, you know, company has done overall INR2,670 crores revenue for the first six 
months. And typically, you know, compared to our normal revenue, we get about 35% to 40% 
first half and 60%, 65% second half. And it seems this time for us to be able to meet our 
annual targeted numbers, we might have to do 67%, you know, 68% kind of in the second half 
apart from what we could achieve in the first half. 
 
So, when we think about that, what's going to happen in second half, I think with the kind of 
good rains which have been there and they're just stopping as we speak right up to last week, it 
has been spinning across the country, a normal, monsoon withdrawal, starts in September, 
early October, but it has been delayed by about three weeks or so. And so we're anticipating 
and that's the feedback from our dealers, marketplace, that things should pick up considerably 
post Diwali holidays. 
 
And so November, December and January to March, the entire five months should remain 
positive. Some of the business we lost in this quarter, the first half has been linked to some of 
the business such as the, JJM business where we have a contract and those orders are going to 
come through, but I think they will come through in the second half. So that can be recovered, 
what has been lost would be recovered. 
 
We recently got some additional orders related to solar water pump and that would also 
partially help us to reduce the deficit in the first half so that, overall our annual target, we 
remain close to when we had started in April. Despite these reductions in the revenue and 
consequent reduction in the earning, we have been able to maintain a better cash flow. And in 
fact, if I look at overall consult debt profile, we have reduced the debt by almost close to 
INR57 crores during the quarter, despite this being a weak quarter in terms of overall revenue 
and earnings. 
 
And if I look at the cash flow statement, our overall investment into maintenance capex, 
etcetera, is almost same as last year at this time for the first half, close to about INR94 crores. 
And we anticipate that our overall, you know, spend on maintenance capex and small amount 
of growth capex will remain actually a little bit better than the last year. Having said this, if I 
look at overall as a company consol level, including all the businesses put together, we have 
generated net cash from operating activities for the first half to the tune of almost INR340 
crores, which last year for the same first half was INR303 crores. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
So, there is improvement in net cash being generated from operations. And that's a good 
number to have when we consider the fact that last entire year we had generated only INR534 
crores to generate INR340 crores in the first half, I think is definitely positive. And if I just 
speak about the current quarter, the overall for the stand-alone cash flow generated from 
operating activities is INR198 crores. 
 
So, when you think about that, it shows you that, it shows that the company has been able to 
manage its operations efficiently to generate better cash flow, reduce the debt, and continue to 
focus on, overall improving the balance sheet in totality. When you look at individual 
businesses, our food processing business has managed to grow globally at about 6%. Our 
plastic sheet business for the first half, again, overseas has managed to grow almost close to 
15%. 
 
We have seen that, you know, while in India the businesses have been slow, our export 
business from India has also grown substantially. So, too much of rain or these issues were a 
cause of concern, but where we could, management focused in terms of exports or overseas 
business or the food business and that helped us to reduce the impact of negative business 
sentiment in the domestic market, domestic agriculture market. 
 
All in all, I think as we, as where we are overall, we think the second half looks good, and as I 
said, one, because partly rains have been quite good, that should generate demand itself. We 
have also seen the cash flow in the ecosystem. So a lot of cash, which was not released due to 
election and whatnot, has been released as a direct benefit transfer to the farmer, which creates 
a better ecosystem. That has also happened over the last few weeks. 
 
So that's positive compared to where we were in July or August. And generally speaking, our 
polymer prices, which is our main raw material for trip and fight business, have remained 
benign, even though recently, oil had gone up all the way to close to $80, but it has started, you 
know, it has come down again. But if you think globally, whether China, Europe, or US, those 
economies are not really growing that large. 
 
So, we expect over the next few quarters, polymer prices, unless there's some kind of a global 
shock, either way, polymer prices should remain benign, and that should help to grow the 
business. Our planning in terms of the retail business and our overall strategy, you know, 
generally speaking, right, between '21 to '24 has done well. In 2021, our total retail business 
was hardly, I think, around INR1,200 crores. And March '24, our overall business was very 
close to INR2,400 crores. So over four years, between '21 to '24, we kind of doubled the retail 
business.  
And the idea over the next three to four years would be, again, double the retail business, right, 
because as we deepen the network of the dealers and as we cover the additional geographical 
area, I think that would also add a more urban thing to our piping sales and try and sell pipes 
also beyond agriculture, while our primary focus has been agriculture. 
But we have evolved and developed new product ranges, which will cover all types of pipe 
requirements, right, whether that's for drainage or that's for rainwater, whether that's for fire 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
sprinklers, whether for subsoil drainage, for flood control, or desalination project, or in power 
plants, piping systems are required everywhere. 
So we have spent last few quarters to evolve and develop all types of new piping systems 
where we can go and address markets beyond agriculture, which kind of partly help us derisk 
and also deseasonalize the business we have. So I think that is what the quarter has been. 
So while revenue and earnings, it has been not up to the mark, but I think in terms of cash flow 
and balance sheet, on that it has done quite well. And we think in the second half, as the 
revenues and earnings come back and the discipline on the cash flow as well as earnings from 
the operating activities would allow us to create far more favorable, I think, financial health of 
the company. And not only financial health, but it would help us to actually set the stone or set 
the foundation for significant growth going forward. 
So I talked about the cash flow even in the current quarter. At the console level, net cash 
generated from operating activity is about INR212 crores. So as I have said, overall that basis, 
the company is well poised. We have good production capacities. We have better network than 
we had a couple of years ago. Raw material prices are quite reasonable and benign. And I think 
we are readying to go as the market starts to go and capture higher market share where we can. 
And apart from also consolidating on the higher growth we have in food business or plastic 
sheet business where we have done well. So with that note, considering this is the start of 
Diwali holidays, we would not like to take a lot of time from all the investors.  
And with that, I would like to close my opening statement and we will be very happy to 
answer any or all queries which you will have. Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sanjay Kohli. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Good afternoon, Mr. Jain. How are you doing?  
Anil Jain: 
I am fine. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Great. So, Mr. Jain, this clarification which you made on the second half that now we have to 
work harder and get to about 66%-67% for the overall -- to maintain the overall guidance, we 
are still maintaining the overall revenue guidance of close to INR7,000 crores, or we have to -- 
because this quarter there has been a bit of a setback, do we sort of revise it a little lower? 
Anil Jain: 
I think any of our guidance, it is a bit qualified with the seasonality. But I think while this 
quarter was bad, if I look at the first half in total, if you look at it, the company has done, 
compared to last year, almost INR500 crores. And then, let's say, we were planning to grow at 
least double digit growth, 10 to 12, so we lost INR200 crores there. So total shortfall in the 
first half compared to our estimation is in total INR700 crores. 
Out of INR700 crores, based on specific orders we have in hand, which were not there this 
time and so on, I think about INR400 crores to INR500 crores will be covered. The remaining 
INR200 crores, whether it will be covered or not, depends on how strong the season is in the 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
month of February and March. That is a little bit difficult to say. So I think if our original 
expectation was this 10% to 12%, I would say at least 7% to 8% we are still calculating for 
sure. Anything above, right, despite this INR700 crores reduction, let's say, compared to 
estimation, as a Y-o-Y comparison, we are still feeling okay. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Okay. Thank you. I'll rejoin the queue, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praneet, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Praneet: 
Hello. Thank you so much for your time, Mr. Anil. Sir, questions about basically the trade 
receivables. So right now, in the last four to five years, we've taken a loss allowance of about 
INR200 crores. I'm curious about how much was it a factor of the government-linked projects 
and something else. 
And you also mentioned in previous con-calls that there's a few states like Andhra, Gujarat, 
Telangana, and Tamil Nadu to have government -- that government procures on behalf of the 
farmers. And Andhra has had a lot of -- has a higher level of trade receivables. To what tune is 
the trade receivables in overall this particular channel of government procuring for the 
farmers? And how is it with Andhra's trade receivable situation at this point of time? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think Andhra trade receivable is better than right now compared to, let's say, what it was 
in June quarter. So they have been able to release some of the old receivables over last four to 
eight weeks. And indications from the government is that by end of November, early 
December, so let's say before end of December quarter, they will be able to clear all the old 
outstanding. So that's quite positive news.  
We saw over the last four to eight weeks again that from Gujarat itself, considerable amount of 
old outstandings were released. So at least two states we have seen a definite positive 
indication of old receivables getting down to the lower level. Overall, these -- where the state's 
view on orders on behalf of the farmer, there is no delinquency, right? There is a delay. But as 
I said, two of these major states, we see significant improvement. And we anticipate by 
December, everything old will go away and only the new receivables which we create now 
should stay. So that's a positive development.  
And that is what you see that overall cash flow generation has been, generally speaking, better 
for us despite weak sales. Overall, the second part of the government, right, which we have 
this EPC project, again those projects against those accumulated receivables for a long time of 
time, we have taken some provisions over the last few years. 
 
And as we complete this project, over a period of time we have been trying to complete them 
and bring them to closure. And now I think over next maybe somewhere between two to four 
quarters, we expect to kind of more or less 90%-95% projects will get fully done and 
completed. And then the remainder of the cash flow should already come through between 
FY25 and the remainder of six months in FY26. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
And we don't anticipate on our books any receivables left post-FY26 linked to the project 
business, which is currently around INR850 crores outstanding. So we anticipate between 
FY25 and FY26 that entire portfolio should come through from where it is now. 
Praneet: 
So we don't expect to take a further impairment loss of provisions going forward in the next 
one, two years, where we expect to receive the rest of the amount, right? 
Anil Jain: 
I don't think it would be any significant sum. As we close the project, there could be, you 
know, small amounts here and there because you won't know unless you close the project and 
government does measurement, etcetera. So it's a little bit of unknown. But based on all what 
we know and what we are doing, we don't anticipate like in ‘23, I think ‘22 and ‘23, we took 
significant provisioning. We won't anticipate that type of provisioning related to receivables 
from the project. 
Praneet: 
Understood. One more thing about the tissue culture. Tissue Culture Division has been 
providing immense amounts of growth to the company. And you mentioned that it had also a 
significant EBITDA contribution going forward. So I'm curious about basically the inventory 
holding cycle of this particular business. As we are growing, because it's an organic product, it 
tends to be perishable, right? 
 
So how long can it stay in our inventory before it has to be sold? And what kind of inventory 
losses or inventory write-downs we need to take if the inventory stays with us for longer? Like 
what is the duration between the finished product and the sale of the product? Like what is the 
– how many amount of days we can keep it as inventory after it's finished? 
And on top of that, I'm curious about the scaling process. In FY23, we did about INR50 crores 
investment in the business. And we managed to increase our production by around like 20% 
from FY23 to FY24. Is this the maximum amount of increased production we can take out of 
the INR50 crores we invested in FY23? Or is there more to go? 
And one more thing regarding the inventory. Right now this year, I think we have around two, 
not six days worth of inventory for the tissue culture business itself. So how do we see this 
trend going forward? Is it going to remain in a similar way? Or as it matures, it might go down 
a little? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think there are a lot of questions in one question. But by and large, I would say that in the 
tissue culture business which we have, right, we are growing plants, right? Now so – and the 
plants are delivered to the farmers so that they can plant in the field. So just to take example of 
our main product, which is banana. So some of the farmers across the country, let's say, would 
be planting banana in January or even in March, like over a longer period of time depending 
on season in each geographical area. 
So the amount of the inventory we carry is at a different stage. So plant, you know, let's say a 
plant, once we start from a tissue, we generate a plant. A plant will be one week, then it will 
grow to two weeks, like that, right? And it will be with us at least, I would say, let's say for 
about six months, give and take, at different stages when it is growing. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
So let's say 24 weeks, right? So I will have some inventory of two-week-old plants and some 
inventory of 24-week plants. Now the selling model for us is, all of our plants are kind of 
booked by customers saying that, look, I want, so now only I know that up to February or 
March, all my plants are sold. 
 
So all customers have already booked the plants. And as they get made or as they reach the 
maturity of six months, so that they're ready to be planted in the field, they will get delivered to 
the farmers. And then we start new again, right, in the cycle. It's an ongoing cycle. So 
inventory is dynamic to the production and the market demand, both. 
I think as the overall tissue culture business for us has been generally improving over a period 
of time. We expect, even in the current year, business to grow, I think, overall to about 
INR300 crores to INR350 crores type of scenario. And because it's higher-level profitability, 
even if you carry a little bit of inventory, part of the inventory gets paid because you receive 
advance from the farmers. 
When they book, they provide 30%. And on the day of delivery, you get fully paid. So it has 
its own working capital cycle. But all in all, I think I would say for the total capital employed 
in tissue culture business, we get, I think, more than 20% return on that capital. 
Praneet: 
Understood. So, but like, you had a two-phase plan for this particular business, right? In the 
phase one, you wanted to reach INR500 crores. And in the next five to seven years, you want 
to reach INR1,000 crores. So at each phase, what EBITDA margin could we expect and 
EBITDA contribution could we expect for the entire business, like from this business to the 
overall business? 
Like what could the EBITDA margin profile be for individual level and what is likely to be the 
contribution level to the overall business? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think, you know, the margin for last few quarters has been hovering around 30% at the 
EBITDA level. And, but some of the, what you call, the cost of the ingredients or the soil-less 
media, etcetera, have gone up with overall inflation. So we are in process of actually 
improving our prices to customers so that we can capture that and maintain our overall 
profitability. 
 
So I think medium to long term, this level of profitability would be maintained, even though 
there could be particular quarter or two where it may go down, till the time it gets adjusted in 
marketplace. But all in all, despite the new growth or higher growth in the revenue, we 
anticipate the profitability to be maintained at this level. 
Now, as we go along, you know, you talked about INR300 crores to INR500 crores. Now 
INR300 crores to INR500 crores would mostly happen with similar product lines which we 
have today. So more of bananas, more of pomegranates, more of potato, these four or five 
major product lines, more sweet orange, etcetera. 
But when you want to move from INR500 crores to INR1,000 crores, right, we'll be adding 
other product lines and they may not have the same level of EBITDA profitability. They might 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
have 25%, for example. So it's very difficult to predict as of now what would be the EBITDA 
profit after five or seven years. 
But I think for the next two, three years, we feel comfortable to say that whatever growth we 
are hitting to go beyond that INR500 crores number, we should maintain this level of 
profitability. 
Praneet: 
Understood. Going along the lines of pricing itself, you mentioned that you could trace the 
price or what it might be dynamic. So in most of the products we operate in, we are the market 
leaders, whether it be tissue culture for banana or irrigation, everything. So does this market 
leadership position avail us a price premium on an overall basis or like how is it? 
Because you mentioned in previous con-call, despite the volume of price fluctuations, you are 
able to maintain your margins. With piping, with regards to piping, you told that you changed 
the price depending on the time, like dynamically, it was always varying. What about the 
irrigation business and tissue culture business? 
Do we charge a premium or how is it compared to its competitors? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think if you look at irrigation business, typically and in India, a large amount of ecosystem 
of people who produce drip and sprinkler, I think more than a few hundred people, right? 300-
400 people. So maybe there are more, let's say 20 organized players and 380 non-organized 
players. 
 
Non-organized players will be typically 30%-35% cheaper to us. They will sell non-ISI 
products, etcetera, etcetera. Among the organized players, where the states are providing 
orders themselves on behalf of farmer, pricing is similar for everybody. But there are markets 
like Maharashtra where everybody is free to do their own pricing. 
There, our product carry premium because of the quality, the brand, you know, the knowledge 
transfer which we provide to farmer, etcetera. In case of tissue culture also, there are lots of 
labs in the country who provide tissue culture plants at, I think, 30% cheaper than us. So, but 
again, because of quality and the higher output farmer gets for every plant he buys from us, 
they continue to pay us those higher prices. 
So we always try and optimize, right, that whatever pricing we have should give us the 
necessary margins to continue to grow the business and reinvest in the business. But at the 
same time, it is cost competitive for the customer. So that's the right balance we follow. But we 
have a price leadership in both of these businesses. 
Praneet: 
Understood. With exports, you, in previous communication… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir. Mr. Praneet, could you please fall back in the queue for further 
questions? 
Praneet: 
Yes, sure. It's one last question if you don't mind. 
Moderator: 
Sir, actually, there are participants waiting for their turn. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Praneet: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of [Sumant Paul 32:41] from Relay Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Paul: 
Yes. Hi, sir. I just wanted to ask, could you just mention the number of -- I mean, could you 
just give the receivables which we have completed in this quarter vis-à-vis FY… end of FY24? 
And by when do you think you… we can practically assume because we had earlier guided for 
closer to Q4 of FY25. So, that is the first question. I'll follow up next. 
Anil Jain: 
So, I think, you know, if I look at March ‘24, and if I understood your question correctly, 
overall gross outstanding, the retail where about INR1,988 crores was the receivable at March 
‘24, which is now at INR1,930 crores. When I look at the India business, which is more, let's 
say, receivable focused due to the government subsidies and the long projects, etcetera. So, it 
has improved overall compared to March. 
 
And when you look at individual breakup within that, right, in terms of retail versus 
institutional, government project, etc. So, when I really see the government and non-
government project. Government I think project outstanding September end is almost same as 
it was March end. The reduction which we have achieved is also on some of our export 
receivables. We have achieved receivable reduction in this where government places order on 
behalf of farmers. We talked about earlier a little bit about Andhra and Gujarat where we have 
recovery of old receivable. 
There it has gone down, but as we have said earlier, I think by March of this year FY25, you 
will see significant improvement in this number of INR1,930 crores because of reduction, one-
time reduction as the project receivables come through as we close the project. And then our 
overall days outstanding DSO, would also be substantially improved. If I really look at right 
now, non-government receivables there may be closed already 98 days or so. And the 
government receivables are much higher, but as I said now sales are going down and 
receivables still remain high, but as you go into March, you will see a substantial change. 
Sumant Paul: 
Sir, I think it was more pertaining to the ones, not the regular state of business, but just on the 
government side because I think I have been hearing this that we are on course of reducing the 
receivables. But like you said, there has been no significant number on the government part. 
So, sir, given the fact that I think Maharashtra election dates are around and then there will be 
Code of Conduct. So, how do you think that can we kind of manage a significant because this 
is something which has been a bit of a bother other than the factors which are beyond your 
control like your emotions. Can you just throw some light on this particular part? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, I think, you know specifically Maharashtra we expect post 23th November things should 
get back to normal once the results are announced. But out of the project business Maharashtra 
is not that big out of the receivables, Maharashtra has maybe 15% of the project receivables. 
Just to quickly cover what you are saying, if I really see and I will just look at last 4 years 
quickly. So, 21 on the government projects we recovered INR500 crores. In 22, we received 
INR667. In 23, we received INR857 crores, in 24 INR436 crores. So, when you look at just 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
our last 4 years on government projects specifically, close to about INR2500 crores have been 
recovered. 
But at the same time, as we are completing the various projects. We have done also the new 
billing which is maybe close to INR2100 crores. So, if I see in last 4 years, the new billing on 
government projects has been as I said close to INR2,100. We have recovered 2500. So, 
overall reduction of INR400 crores has happened during that period of time, but today we are 
not now doing our billing this year may be down to INR250 crores to INR300 crores as we 
complete the last stages of the project and next year, it may be down just to maybe INR100 
crores to INR150 crores that is the remainder part.  
But we need to recover around 850 plus whatever the remainder billing I spoke about. So, over 
the next 2 years close to maybe INR1,150, INR1200 crores would come and that way overall 
receivable currently as I said INR1930 is the overall receivable. We expect this out of that 
about INR800 and odd crores will simply go away for all the time. And company's receivable 
size will be down to INR1,00, INR1,100 crores of all other businesses which are there. 
Management: 
I mean I really hope sir because I think the reason why you said a lot of people are doing good 
business with government as of now. But I think that is the reason why we are having the 
current market gap because there are too many past activities for which we are overdue.  
Sumant Paul: 
Sir, one more thing I just wanted to ask, do you kind of foresee that EBITDA from our 
[inaudible 38:41] business, it’s outgrowing or outpacing all the other segments combined 
together because that I think is the jewel in your crown currently, is that less receivable, high 
EBITDA kind of margin [inaudible 38:57] specifically being that banana hub for not only 
India, I mean, mostly going for export. So, I mean on a longish view, do you kind of foresee 
that EBITDA from tissue itself should outgrow or be more than combined other businesses 
together? 
Anil Jain: 
See, so let's say even tissue culture grows to INR1,000 crores and at 30% EBITDA if you 
maintain it will be INR300 crores. But Drip today let's say INR2,000 crores with 15%, 16% 
EBITDA is already more than INR300 crores and Drip will continue to grow going forward as 
well. So, when we look at businesses we are looking at the idea is that the Drip as we move 
forward, once the projects are out of our life, my normal receivable cycle on Drip is also quite 
low. 
 
With the retail cycle of Drip will be less than 30 days in terms of receivables. And for on that 
business to move as we improve production capacity utilization, move from current 15%, 16% 
to 18% EBITDA, that could provide a great ROC as well as tissue culture is providing. So, our 
focus is not just on absolute EBITDA, but overall improving the ROC cycle. 
And there, the idea of going forward as we use this government receivable as they come back, 
we use to deleverage ourselves to pay off all the term debt and NCDs, etc. The idea of going 
forward that individually as for the new business cycle, the retail business cycle, whether for 
Drip or whether for pipe or tissue culture, should all generating North of 20% ROCs for sure. 
And so, that's where our focus is on, that's where we want to bring our working cycle to.  

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
And while Drip may be 16% to 18% EBITDA, pipe may be 12%, 13% EBITDA, tissue culture 
may be 30% plus EBITDA, but overall then when you look at capital involvement then each of 
business should be focusing on more than 20%. And I think definitely we see 26 onward 
achieving these numbers. 
Management: 
Just one small last personal thought, sir. I think we've been trying to be aggressive, but 
fortunately or unfortunately we've been falling below our guidance. So, I would really hope, 
sir, we have a time where we are at least able to at least meet the guidance which we are giving 
and perhaps exceeding that would be beneficial because we are really far off from what we 
should be from where we should be. So, that's a personal comment. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praneet, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Praneet: 
Yes. Thank you for the chance. So, I was curious about the exports. So, the company was 
expected to achieve around 30 million from the year one of the partnership between Rivulis 
and us. So, how are we on track with the particular plan for that? And in Q1 of this year we did 
INR86 crores of revenue from exports. Do we expect to follow the similar run rate going 
forward in the year? And out of this 86 and overall contribution over the year what is expected 
to be contribution of Rivulis and other direct exports from Jain to neighboring countries? 
Anil Jain: 
I think, generally speaking, exports are improving. I think apart from the good exports which 
we had in the first quarter, this quarter also we have registered very good number on export 
growth. And it is combination whether Rivulis or the other customers which we have in 
totality. In fact, if I look at in the second quarter overall exports we have registered close to 
about 14.5%. So, almost INR100 crores I think we had in the second quarter. And for the 
overall first half, our exports are at INR188 crores as against last year's INR146 crores.  
So, registering 29% growth. So, it's combination of Rivulis plus others. And there are some 
other I think projects related to exports which are in pipeline as we speak. Order flow is also 
good from Rivulis as well as other customers. So, we feel quite okay on the export side in 
terms of what is in pipeline, what we see already kind of your view on it and rest so that export 
what we have maintained this year, first half 28% growth I think would be something that is 
our target for the whole year to maintain similar level of the growth. 
Praneet: 
So, but in next 2 years to 3 years, how do we see this trend going forward like is it going to --
because you mentioned highlighted Bhutan in one of the earnings call saying that we have 
been giving a significant amount of product to Bhutan and we are also expecting it to go to 
other neighboring countries. Because as part of the partnership, we are not supposed to go 
further than that. It's only mostly neighboring countries for the irrigation business. 
 
So, how do we see the direct sales from Jain to neighboring countries going forward like to 
what quantum can we expect sales from neighboring countries in the next 2 years to 3 years 
and from at least INR200 crores to INR300 crores and from Rivulis itself how do we expect 
these revenues to grow in the next three years because we expected 30 million the first year 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
and I don't think we are close to that yet as of yet as of such, but going forward can we expect 
100 million run rate for this particular partnership or how is it going to be? 
Anil Jain: 
I think the idea over long term is there that we should grow to that level, but as of now the first 
stop was to go and hit that 30 million number, but company, let's look at the overall export. 
This year our target is cross INR500 crores total exports. And that's not just irrigation export, 
but also piping. I think we have some good traction on piping. We export plastic sheet and drip 
irrigation. And our internal target is while this year we close or cross INR500 crores, but the 
strategy which we are setting up is that over next three to four years on that 500 crores, how do 
we double the exports of the company to take it to INR1,000 crores?  
And good part of that, apart from Rivulis which you have mentioned has to come from the 
piping export, has to come from nearby countries where we can sell irrigation. But if you think 
about Bhutan and Nepal and Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, etc. these countries do not have very 
large budgets of their own. So they will depend typically on multilateral funded projects, right, 
to improve their agriculture or irrigation systems. 
 
And we are working on some of these. If they come through, then that would give a big leg up 
to this growth potential in the region. But meanwhile, currently, you know, we are supplying to 
Bhutan. 
 
And I think, as I said, so what you see this year for top growth of 29% means we are selling 
more to Rivulis, we are selling more to nearby countries, as well as our pipe exports are also 
growing. And as I said, this particular quarter, in fact, exports have grown close to overall 
15%. And within irrigation, irrigation growth was 48%. 
 
So, again, quarter to quarter variations can come. But generally speaking, you know, if we are 
thinking that domestic market in India will grow to 10%, 15%, our thought process internally 
is that exports must grow 20% to 30%. 
Praneet: 
Understood. So we, I think plastics have lifted the boat for the last two, three years very much 
after especially the drop in revenues after the sale of international business. Plastic has taken it 
up and we have been growing significantly in the plastic division. And you mentioned that 
plastic sheet division especially has been giving you north of 20% RCE in the overseas 
business. How do we see that panning out going forward? Like what is the volume 
expectation, amount expectation we might see in the next three to five years for the only 
overseas division? 
 
And how big is it in the plastic division on an overall basis? Because piping, and one more 
thing about piping is that you also mentioned you wanted to go to the urban markets and 
actually grow apart from the agricultural use at this point of time. So what are the efforts we 
are putting into this? And how can we make inroads like in the next two to three years can we 
see that we actually meaningfully get market share in this particular urban or residential 
market? Or how do we see it? 
Anil Jain: 
So I think you have to break your question into two. One is about the overseas plastic business 
and one is domestic. So if you look at overseas plastic business, that has done well. I think if 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
you look at the first half, this business has grown 15%. And as you know, most of the 
economies in Europe or U.S. are growing 2% or 3%. So overall our business has been doing 
well. 
 
But, you know, because overall economic growth is not very high, as long as we maintain this 
10%, 15% growth, I think through mostly organic, but maybe some inorganic aligned 
opportunities, that would be good. And it has a good ROCE, good level of profitability, 
because I think that business also has maintained close to now 13%, 14% EBITDA. So our 
long-term plan is to be about 12% EBITDA. 
 
You know, and it is somewhat a commoditized business, right? But within that we have some 
value-added products for the U.S. building market, etcetera. So it's not plastics. It is more you 
could look at as a building materials product as part of our portfolio. And as I said, doing well, 
we expect to continue to do well despite headwinds in some of the markets around the world 
because of high interest costs, etcetera. Now they have started bringing down the interest costs, 
so hopefully their economy is for more. 
 
And we have strong balance sheet overseas, so that looks good. In terms of domestic piping 
business, overall plastic, as you rightly said, has done quite well for us to take the company out 
of difficult times, and it really supported us. And again, this quarter was the overall week for 
all product lines, including piping. 
 
But generally speaking, I think we are very, I think not just ambitious, but we feel very 
confident about piping business because whatever business we have, right, you know, close to 
INR2,000 crores or whatever that size is as a plastic business, we are still in only limited part 
of the country selling our product. So larger rural area, we still cover other geographical parts 
of India. And within the areas we are already operating, selling to urban applications such as 
plumbing, residential buildings, etcetera, that whole portfolio has kind of built. 
 
We are still slow on uptake on, you know, building distribution into urban areas, but, you 
know, I think you will start seeing maybe from January quarter a lot more revenue coming 
from this particular aspect. So again, if we are, you know, we're talking a little bit of medium-
term, three-year-plus scenarios, we are very gung-ho on the plastic business especially because 
that particular business is not linked to any subsidies. It's not linked to specific government 
policy. 
 
There's still a lot of demand in that sector. And as we increase our availability and our dealer 
base into areas where we are not operating, and despite the fact there's a lot of competition, but 
there is always a market for, you know, good quality brand, you know, which we have. And so 
we might be operating just in, you know, 30% of the market, which is focused on quality, but 
we would still, you know, be able to get certain market share there. 
 
So all in all, very positive on the plastic pipe business in India. Overall quite happy with the 
overseas plastic sheet business, but I won't say overseas plastic sheet business can do miracles, 
right, because those economies grow small, and the numbers we already have, whether ROC, 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
whether growth, profitability are already good. So to maintain that would be nice, but 
stupendous growth one would anticipate would come only from India plastic pipe business. 
Praneet: 
Understood. But I think we primarily grew in plastic division because of our innovation, right, 
during projects or whatnot. So what was the project size in the overall plastic business? 
Because you mentioned that there's a small division in plastic that you're doing GPC or like 
projects with. So what was the size of that? And going forward, and you also advocated for the 
point that you wanted the entire piping industry, especially PVC, to get together to join a 
coalition just to enter the market similar to cement or other piping. 
 
So how is that going so far? And like, how do we expect us to enter this market? Because you 
mentioned that you've been slow in entering the distance and these markets, right? So how are 
we doing? How are we expanding our distributor network? Right, right there. 
Anil Jain: 
As I said, we continue to grow the piping business into new areas as well where we have, you 
know, we are developing new dealer networks. I answered your specific question related to 
plumbing, etcetera. There we have been slow, but the normal retail business, we are already 
growing across the country. 
 
In terms of the EPC part in piping, we are not taking – we have not taken any new EPC 
projects in piping for last three years. We are only completing – and most of the existing 
projects we have completed. One last project, which is for drinking water supply in a large 
city, we need to complete, I think, over the next 12 months. 
 
Maybe that gets completed by 2026. It will be done and over with. That will still bring about 
INR200 crores of still additional revenue to us as we complete that project. But thereafter, our 
focus is on retail because, again, retail brings best ROC and huge amount of volume growth 
with an excellent working cap cycle. 
Praneet: 
Got it. So, like, going forward, we want to reduce the debt by a combination of infusion, 
receivables, and all of that. So how confident are you going forward? You mentioned that 
you'll be probably repaying about INR200 crores a year in overall principal payments and 
whatnot just by keeping up with the payments. So, like, how do we see that? We expect to – 
how much do we expect to repay as soon as we get the money? 
 
And, like, how are you planning on repaying it? Because right now, the EBITDA has been 
under pressure due to headwinds and whatnot. In the case this is going to continue for the next 
few quarters, what is the plan for the company going forward to make sure they keep up with 
the debt payments and how are we planning on repaying the debt and reducing the de-leverage 
in the overall business? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So I think we did not have any pressure on repayment even though business was down 
this particular quarter. And as you saw, we have already reduced the debt. Between now and 
March 26, we have close to – a little bit close to INR300 crores of debt which is falling due for 
repayment, right? So that will get repaid on the debts based on the internal accruals plus the 
receivable collections which we have from the government projects as a combination. And 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
there is enough room or, you know, cushion there where we don't have to worry about 
repaying the debt. 
 
The other part is the 0% entities we have in India. Part of them needs to be, again, paid 
between – overall, that needs to get repaid between now and 2028. So we have about three 
years to pay off that about INR800 and odd crores of those entities. 
 
So between, again, our accruals, even at the current level of accruals, let's say, just March 24 
level of accruals, without even growth, and some receivables coming from the projects should 
suffice to provide for full repayment of those entities. So after the payment of these entities as 
well as normal debt which is falling off between now and 26, what would be left would be 
only INR1,500 crores cash credit working capital debt into the main company. And that, you 
know, by then, hopefully, EBITDA is INR700 crores-INR800 crores, right? 
 
So then you can sustain INR150 crores of interest or more interest on INR750 crores of 
EBITDA. So we don't foresee that as an issue thereafter. So, you know, generally speaking, 
right, we had big debt issue three years ago. 
 
We are quite, you know, balanced now on the debt issue. It is no more a concern. Of course, it 
needs to get repaid. And I think for two, three years, majority of debt will get repaid through 
internal exports and better working capital management. And overall, you know, our equity is 
INR5,000 crores, debt is INR3,500 crores. And as we go along, debt will continue to go down 
as profits come in. So debt-to-equity ratio would be, I think, going forward less than half. So 
all in all, I don't foresee debt is an issue. 
Praneet: 
And in the agro division, I think we were not able to concentrate on the division because we 
were going through a little bit of trouble in the main company, right? But, like, how do we see 
it going forward? Because many companies in the space will get on to the PLI scheme to grow 
their businesses in a very effective manner because government support was there. 
 
So how are we going forward on the capex of this and capacity utilization on the overall basis? 
Because scaling up production in this business also is very capital intensive, right? How do we 
plan to sustain this growth we are expecting of 10% to 15% despite it being a mature business? 
 
So how do we see that going forward? And in terms of the spices also, are we also planning on 
catering to the international markets, like, such as exports? 
Anil Jain: 
So, first, quickly, we do export. Actually, out of agro-processing business, almost 40%, 45% is 
already being exported to 50 countries around the world. Second, we already have good level 
of production capacities. So I don't think we need to put a lot of capex to take the revenues to 
the next level. As things are stabilizing overall into the business, I think next 3 years we can 
grow, especially India business. Food again has two components, India and overseas. 
 
So let's say this year if we do INR1,800 crores, let's say India would be, INR700 crores, 
INR800 crores and overseas is INR1,000 crores, INR1,100 crores. That's the breakup. 
Overseas is doing quite stable. And, as again, those economies are going to 3%, we should 
maintain growth of 8% to 10% overseas business for annual basis. And the India business, as 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
we use more production capacities, we will have ability to take this INR600 crores, INR700 
crores to maybe or 3 years to INR1,200 crores, INR1,300 crores, depending on the market and 
the demand. 
 
So, and there is a competition and people get PLI and all of that? That is true. And we were not 
there at that point of time. But, and because you said that business is working capital intensive, 
because that is the nature of the business, that you process inventory in short period of time 
and sell over a longer period of time. 
 
We are also conscious of that fact and as a group, as a combined console entity, we want to 
take our working capital cycle, free cash flow, we have a focus. So we won't be investing that 
much more unless the business terms change to improve working capital cycle. But I think 
next 2, 3 years, we have a clarity that without putting too much of new capital into the 
business, we will still manage this level of growth, which I am talking about, as well as better 
earnings. 
Praneet: 
So we don't expect to see like substantial any debt reduction from the main company side to 
infuse into the business? 
Anil Jain: 
I did not get your question? 
Praneet: 
Sir, I was wondering if the main company would want to invest further into the subsidy to 
improve, let's say, most of its working capital, like to reduce some of the working capital and 
further infuse equity. That is not in the books right at this point of time? 
Anil Jain: 
No. We would not be investing new money out of the parent into the subsidiary. I think we 
would expect subsidiary on its own to improve its balance sheet. 
Praneet: 
And sorry for bothering you with so many questions, but like one last one… 
Moderator: 
Sir, the time has exceeded. We will move on to the next question. Okay. It's from the line of 
Sanjay Kohli from Gold Stone Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Sir, I wanted to know the relationship with Rivulis in the domestic market, basically. They are 
selling to them. They are doing their own brands. They are our competitors. What is the trade 
relationship with Rivulis? They are our competitors? 
Anil Jain: 
They are our competitors. They have their own business. We have our own business. We 
compete with each other as far as Indian market. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Where do they source? How do their products? They've got manufacturing sites here in India 
as well? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, they have manufacturing sites. They have been existing here. I think they are 
manufacturing here for more than a decade. It's quite old. And they operate on their own. We 
don't have any view into their business. It's an arm's length market competition. 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Sanjay Kohli: 
But we are exporting to them also. We export to them. We have our investment in their parent 
company. They are competitors here. And they owe us money on a trade basis. They are our 
customers as well? 
Anil Jain: 
This is part of a complex international deal, right? We did a deal. We got a $500 million 
valuation for our business from Temasek. That helped us to reduce our debt by $350 million. 
We continue to hold the stake into the company. They continue to buy products from us. We 
continue to compete with them in India. Those are the facts. They are all transparent. They are 
all arm's length. They are all market based. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Do they have any tech which they provide to us for our products? 
Anil Jain: 
No. We have adequate tech. We ran a global company. We have every technology which we 
need to sell in India or any other place. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Okay. Great. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you all for a lot of questions and a lot of insightful questions. Overall, as I said, this 
quarter was a weak quarter for us because, again, this is typically the weakest quarter, but it 
was even more. We were surprised. Despite so much of rain, overall rural demand was slow. 
All the feedback we have from customers is that it would pick up post-Diwali. 
 
With some additional specific projects or work or orders we have, which we have negotiated, 
we feel the second quarter would be much more robust compared to this particular quarter or 
the first half. Within organization, we are trying to keep up the momentum and tempo to try 
and meet the original target. We might fall a little bit short of the original target, especially I 
would say maybe on the revenue side, but with whatever efforts we are doing on the cost and 
better product make, at least on the earning side, we will try and stay what we had guided at 
the start of the year. 
 
Having said this, generally speaking, each of business in medium term, whether Irrigation or 
piping, our focus is to continue to improve working capital efficiencies because that would 
generate that free cash flow, which would allow us to continue to deliver ourselves while 
growing at the same time and unlock the value for the business. 
 
Overall, the company maintains its leadership in technology, in marketplace, in brand, in 
pricing power, but some of the legal issues like this project receivables is still holding us back. 
I think as that gets sorted over the next few quarters, we as a company will be more nimble and 
will be able to move faster during that period of time. 
 
This quarter, again, not great, but overall I think with the positive free cash flow we have 
generated, a lot of cash we have generated from operations, the fact that we have been able to 
reduce the debt during this quarter, a fixed volume of generally overall team working towards 
a particular goal, and as demand starts coming back, I think second half should be much better 

 
 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
and overall I think when we speak in April or May, hopefully we see a positive outcome for 
FY '25. 
 
We thank you for all your interest and I wish you again everybody a happy, prosperous Diwali 
and good time with your family. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dr Choksey Finserv Private Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
