 
 
Date: November 22, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C‐1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated November 14, 2024, regarding audio recording of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on November 14, 2024, at 06:00 P.M. (IST) on the performance of the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2024. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above investor and analyst call. 
 
The above disclosure is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.delhivery.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F 8765 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
MADHULIK
A VIPIN 
RAWAT
Digitally signed by 
MADHULIKA VIPIN 
RAWAT 
Date: 2024.11.22 
17:01:11 +05'30'

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
 
 
Delhivery Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
Management: MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VIVEK PABARI, HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
Moderators:   MR. BAIJU JOSHI, MACQUARIE CAPITAL 
 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
MODERATOR:  
Hi, good evening, everyone. Welcome to Q2 FY25 Earnings Call of Delhivery 
Limited, hosted by Macquarie. Before we start, Delhivery would like to point out that 
some of the statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you 
earlier. Kindly note that this call is meant for investors and analysts only. If there are 
representatives from the media, they are requested to kindly drop off this call 
immediately. 
To discuss the results, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, MD and CEO, Mr. 
Amit Agarwal, CFO, and Mr. Vivek Pabari, Head of Investor Relations at Delhivery. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and participants can 
use the raise hand feature to ask any questions post the opening remarks. I thank the 
management team for providing Macquarie the opportunity to host the call. 
And now invite Mr. Sahil Barua to take us to the key highlights of the quarter, post 
which we'll open up for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Sahil. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you, Baiju. Thank you, Sheryl, for hosting us. Very good evening to all of you 
who've joined our earnings call this evening. As always, I'll begin with a short 
presentation on financial and operational performance for Q2. We'll keep this short 
and then happy to take your questions. 
Broadly as a headline before we begin, Q2 is when Delhivery sets up for the festive 
season. As many of you are aware, Q3 is the peak season for online commerce, and 
typically, this is the quarter in which we expand capacities across real estate, people 
and vehicles in preparation for the peak season. 
Overall, before we get into the numbers as a broad summary, this is our second 
consecutive quarter of PAT profitability overall as a business. Our Express Parcel 
business continued to be stable and well set up and our Part Truckload business has 
continued to show robust growth Q-o-Q into Q2 as well. Quick snapshot of numbers 
for Q2. Revenues came in at Rs. 2,190 crores, which is a year-on-year growth of about 
13% and broadly flattish quarter-on-quarter. We delivered 185 million consignments 
in our core e-commerce Express Parcel business. Industry standards on this, of course, 
vary. Some players also declare return shipments separately. Including returns, our 
total volumes stand at 216 million consignments for Q2 FY25, which is a year-on-
year growth of about 3% and quarter-on-quarter of about 2%. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
In terms of overall freight tonnage, we delivered 427,000 tons of part truck freight in 
Q2. This continues to be industry-leading growth. Year-on-year, our volumes have 
grown by about 23% and quarter-on-quarter PTL volumes have grown 7%. Overall 
EBITDA came in at Rs. 57 crores, which is a positive EBITDA margin of 3% as 
compared to a negative EBITDA of Rs. 16 crores for the same quarter in the last 
financial year, and as opposed to Rs. 97 crores in Q1 FY25. PAT for Q2 came in at 
Rs. 10 crores, broadly breakeven, as compared to a PAT loss of Rs. 103 crores in the 
same quarter in the last financial year, and a PAT of Rs. 54 crores in Q1. Overall, the 
company continues to be highly well capitalized. We continue to have Rs. 5,488 crores 
of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet. 
Quick snapshot of overall operating metrics as usual. Pin code reach continues to be 
at 18,775 pin codes. Please note this is on the base of 19,300 pin codes as defined by 
the Indian Post. When orders are received for pin codes outside of what is defined by 
the Indian Post, we convert them into India Post-compatible pin codes. We continue 
to service 220+ countries through our partnerships with FedEx and Aramex. We've 
had a significant growth overall in terms of number of active customers. Across all of 
our business lines, we continue to grow strongly in the SME and D2C segments in e-
commerce, and obviously continue to add new customers in the PTL business. Total 
customer base stands at 38,000 customers as of Q2, as compared to 35,000 customers 
in Q1, and 30,000 customers from a year ago, a year-on-year growth of nearly 30%. 
Overall infrastructure grew from 18.73 million square feet of real estate to 19.49 
million square feet of real estate as of the end of Q2. This includes, by the way, 0.5 
million square feet of real estate that's on extremely short-term leases, essentially 
purely for the e-commerce peak season. Adjusting for that, infrastructure across the 
network remained broadly stable between Q1 and Q2. Total number of gateways, 
including processing centers, have stood broadly constant between Q2 FY24 and Q2 
FY25 at a sum of about 278. So I'm adding the row for gateways and the row for 
processing centers. Automated sortation centers grew marginally from 42 ASCs as of 
Q1 FY25 to 45 ASCs as of Q2. Total number of parcel sorters increased from 61 to 
66. There was a marginal increase in freight service centers from 120 to 124, including 
a couple of freight centers that were commissioned purely for the peak season. Express 
delivery centers and partner centers continue to remain broadly constant from 4,400 
to about 4,450. There was a mild amount of increase in the team size, partner agents, 
and fleet size towards the end of Q2 specifically. Team size grew from 67,900 to about 
73,800 in preparation for the peak season. And overall, fleet size grew from 15,800 to 
about 16,400 on average in preparation for the peak season. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
In terms of overall financial performance, year-on-year, we've seen revenue growth of 
13% from Rs. 1,942 crores in Q2 FY24 to Rs. 2,190 crores in Q2 FY25, with the 
quarter-on-quarter growth being broadly flat. Express continues to remain obviously 
the core business and forms about 59% of total revenues. The PTL business continues 
to grow as a percentage of total revenues, and in volume terms, and now forms 22% 
of revenues as of Q2 FY25. 7% of the business comes from the truckload business and 
9% from the supply chain services business. 
In terms of individual business lines, the Express parcel business has grown 7% in 
revenue terms year-on-year from Rs. 1,210 crores in Q2 FY24 to Rs. 1,298 crores in 
Q2 FY25. Overall volumes have remained broadly flattish in the 180 million range. 
Q2 FY25 closed at 185 million packages delivered. Including RTOs, overall volumes 
have stood at about 216 million for Q2 FY25. The part truckload business continues 
to show robust growth. We continue to have industry leading growth in this business 
and our investments in building the sales team that we began about five quarters ago 
continues to reap dividends. PTL freight revenues have actually grown 27% year-on-
year from Rs. 373 crores in Q2 FY24 to Rs. 474 crores in Q2 FY25, which also 
represents a 9% growth quarter-on-quarter. Overall part truck freight tonnage grew 
23% between Q2 FY24 and Q2 FY25 and 7% quarter-on-quarter. Yield growth, 
therefore, has also happened year-on-year. The truckload business has remained 
broadly flat at Rs. 150 crores of externalized freight. Year-on-year growth is about 5% 
and quarter-on-quarter at 2%. The supply chain services business has grown 21% year-
on-year, from Rs. 164 crores in Q2 FY24 to Rs. 197 crores in Q2 FY25. As you're 
aware, Q2 is typically a seasonal down quarter for our consumer durables clients. 
Despite that, we've seen very significant growth in this business. We continue to have 
a highly robust pipeline of clients who we expect will begin operations in Q3 and Q4. 
So well positioned in this business overall. The cross-border services business has 
grown 43% between Q2 FY24 and Q2 FY25, from Rs. 41 crores to Rs. 59 crores. 
In terms of service line profitability, the overall revenue from services stood at Rs. 
2,190 crores. Overall service EBITDA came in at 9.3% in Q2 FY25, which is about 
Rs. 203 crores of service EBITDA, versus 11.9% in Q1 FY25 or Rs. 258 crores, 
largely due to investments in capacity that are due just before the peak season and also 
as a consequence of some infrastructure going live in Q2. The Express Parcel business 
service EBITDA margins stood at 15.1% for Q2 FY25 at Rs. 196 crores, as compared 
to 18.2% in Q1, again, largely driven by expansion of capacity in preparation for the 
peak season. Part Truckload remained broadly stable at Rs. 14 crores of service 
EBITDA in Q2 FY25, or at about 3% and supply chain services declined from Rs. 11 
crores of service EBITDA in Q1 to negative Rs. 9 crores in Q2 FY25, largely due to 
a one-time provision as part of a contractual agreement with one of our clients. Overall 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
corporate overheads declined from Rs. 221 crores to Rs. 193 crores, again owing 
largely to a one-time adjustment, which is a reversal of a provision taken in a prior 
period, and stood at 8.8% of overall revenues, while other corporate overheads 
remained broadly stable. In terms of adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 10 crores versus Rs. 37 crores in Q1 FY25, a change of 1.2 percentage points. And 
overall PAT at Rs. 10 crores as opposed to Rs. 54 crores in Q1 FY25. 
A quick snapshot of PAT evolution over the last 10 quarters. As you can see, overall 
PAT has continued to improve year-on-year. Q2 FY25 is our second consecutive 
positive PAT quarter coming in at Rs. 10 crores, as opposed to Rs. 54 crores in Q1 
FY25, but a huge improvement versus Q2 FY24, which had an overall PAT loss of 
Rs. 103 crores. We anticipate that the rest of the year will continue in the same vein. 
In terms of overall quarterly financial performance as a summary, revenue from 
services, as I mentioned, came in at Rs. 2,190 crores. Including other income, total 
income came in at Rs. 2,309 crores, which is a growth of 13% year-on-year compared 
to Rs. 2,043 crores in Q2, and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 1.2%. Overall expenses 
lagged growth in revenue, total expenses stood at Rs. 2,294 crores, which is a year-
on-year growth of 6.8%, and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 3.2%, leading to a net 
PAT of Rs. 10 crores in Q2 FY25 versus negative Rs. 103 crores in the same quarter 
last year and Rs. 54 crores in Q1. And a total EBITDA of Rs. 57 crores or 2.6% for 
Q2 versus negative Rs. 16 crores for Q2 FY24 and Rs. 97 crores for Q1 FY25. 
The working capital position continues to improve across the board. As you can see, 
net working capital days as of the end of September '24 stood at 22 days versus 27 
days as of March '24. Receivable days continued to reduce from 62 days as of March 
'24 to 59 days, and payable days increased from 35 days to 37 days. 
So in summary, Q2 has been a fairly stable quarter, set us up well for the peak season 
in October and November, continued to be PAT profitable for us overall, despite one-
time adjustments that had to be made in the supply chain services business, and 
overall, the PTL business continued to grow at an industry-leading growth of 27%, 
Express Parcel broadly flat. With that, I'm happy to take questions. 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you, Sahil. We'll now start with the Q&A. As a reminder, please use the raise 
hand feature to ask any questions. We'll take the first question from Sachin 
Salgaonkar. Sachin, please go ahead. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have three questions. First question, Sahil, is on 
Express Parcel margins. Even when we look from Q2 to Q2, margins have gone down 
from 18% to 15%. Can you help us understand what has happened and how should 
one look at a steady-state margin going ahead? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure, do you want to ask all the 3 questions? 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
My second question is, we are hearing mixed feedback on the festive season in terms 
of how it is picking up. So, would love to understand how you guys are seeing an 
impact on the festive season. 
And lastly, is on the Express Parcel growth. I mean, it may not be easy for you guys, 
but it would be great if you could take a stab at this. How much of the weakness is 
perhaps on the back of consumption slowdown and how much because of an 
insourcing by operator? And I'm asking that question because I want to get a sense in 
terms of what could be a growth for 3PL industry going ahead when things normalize. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure, let me try and answer each of them. First, quickly on margins, Sachin, if you 
look at the service EBITDA margins for the Express Parcel business, Q2 has come in 
at 15.1% versus 18.2% in Q1, but if you look at the previous financial year, Q1 to Q2 
was 18.1% versus 16.8%. So there is typically a decline in the service EBITDA 
margins in Q2 in the Express Parcel business. Last year, the peak season was slightly 
delayed compared to this financial year, and so some of the capacity commitments 
would have come slightly later. So they would have come between the end of Q2 and 
the start of Q3, whereas this time, a larger percentage of the capacity investments have 
happened in Q2, because the peak season actually began in the last week of September. 
So I think September 26th, if I'm not mistaken, was exactly when the peak season 
began. So that's part of the reason why there's a delta. Overall, if I look at our capacity 
investments, broadly speaking, about between Rs. 10 and Rs. 12 crores would have 
been the impact in September alone of the capacity investments between the two 
financial years. And so when you add that back, broadly the Q2 FY25 margins for the 
Express Parcel business would be in line, more or less, with what we saw in FY24 
overall. So, no structural change to the margins in the Express Parcel business overall. 
I think we expect to continue to make service EBITDA margins overall in the range 
of 17% - 18% in Express Parcel even going forward. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
The second question was in terms of the festive season. I think overall, if I look at our 
October numbers, our closure for the October period has stood at about 78 million 
consignments which is about, if I take an average, just as an average of 185 by 3, so 
let's say 61 million. So October alone, we've seen a growth of 30% in shipment 
closures in the peak period, and obviously, there'll be some spillover effect that goes 
into November as well. So overall, I think we're pretty satisfied with the way peak 
season has played out. Obviously, we are the largest network in Express, and typically, 
we're the largest and highest quality network, so volume does tend to flow a little 
differentially into the largest and highest quality network at this time. So our growth 
at 30%, I think, is broadly pretty solid, and in line, if I'm not mistaken, with what at 
least our clients seem to have projected. 
In terms of Express Parcel growth across the industry, I think that's a complicated 
question. I think if you look at it, the bulk of the insourcing related growth pang, and 
obviously here you're referring to Valmo, I think a large bulk of that has already been 
experienced in terms of the growth of Valmo, because I think in the last financial year, 
there was fairly significant growth in Valmo's overall contribution to meesho volumes. 
So I think outsourcing has a relatively smaller sort of impact this year as compared to 
what it did last year. I think broadly on e-commerce, as we see it, there is an overhang 
from just consumption being softer overall. But so far, if I look at our numbers for 
October and the early part of November, I think we seem pretty satisfied. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Got it. So when consumption recovers, we should see growth normalizing to 13% to 
15% for industry, right? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I think that's one, but I'll also take this opportunity for a minute. See, I think the other 
thing from our standpoint, as I mentioned before, is that we will now start accelerating 
efforts to increase our share even if the market does continue to remain slightly 
sluggish. There were a couple of things that I've referred to in past earnings calls, 
which we are starting to amp up now that the peak season is over. So one of them for 
example is obviously, this will take a little longer to play out, but we will for instance 
launch a third-party shared quick commerce network for e-commerce brands, and we 
do expect that to increase volumes in the major cities, that's one. 
The second is we're in the process of launching a faster product for regional surface 
shipping and national air shipping. So as both of these kick off, I think we again will 
have the ability to drive incremental share. Some of this has taken time for us to 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
negotiate, but with our overall buying scale and our overall network scale, I think we're 
very confident that this also leads to incremental volumes. 
The third is as our PTL business has grown, I've mentioned in the past, we see 
opportunities in specific lanes to significantly pass on efficiency benefits to some of 
our customers which we'll be more than rewarded for by the yields, because these will 
typically be long distance orders. And so we will grow the overall share even in these 
sub-segments. 
And the fourth is I think as we expand from a product standpoint, Delhivery One, 
which is the panel that we use for D2C customers and for SME customers, there's a 
whole bunch of value added services that also will go live in this quarter, which 
include three things, really. One of them is the address disambiguation service, the 
other is the RTO reduction service and the third will be insurance. All three of which 
we also anticipate will increase yields on the Express Parcel business. And the fourth 
is we're also in the process of figuring out how to launch a much larger aggregator 
reseller franchise business, physical franchise business across the country. So think of 
what DTDC has historically done. I think we've discovered that large numbers of 
customers want to ship with Delhivery, but don't have access to a physical point, 
especially SMEs. So as we expand that, I think irrespective of the market remaining 
sluggish, we're going to be pushing the pedal on growth. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Thanks, Sahil. Very clear. Thank you. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Sachin Dixit. Sachin, please go ahead. Okay, I don't 
see Sachin in the queue. We'll take the next question from Aditya Bhartia. Aditya, 
please go ahead. 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  
Hi, Sahil. Am I audible? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, Aditya. Please go ahead. 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
Perfect. Sahil, my first question is on volume growth that we have seen in the Express 
Parcel business. This time around, we had an earlier Diwali, and despite that, we are 
looking at a 3% kind of revenue growth, while the numbers that you're sharing for 
October are looking fairly encouraging. So how is it that the growth has been so muted, 
entirely on account of consumption slowdown? Because you're saying that insourcing 
has also not really contributed much this year. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
So, I think, first of all, the Diwali (peak sale season), this time, comes on the 26th of 
September overall, which is why a bulk of the growth that we see in volumes is sitting 
in October and not in the previous quarter. I think in the previous quarter, even 
historically, if you go back, ever since we've been running Delhivery, the reality is 
that Q2 has generally been fairly flattish as compared to Q1. The real growth really 
comes in Q3. So even overall industry volumes between Q1 and Q2, my sense is, have 
not increased dramatically when you take the industry as a whole. In fact, I believe 
one of the captives has also declared their financial results for the previous financial 
year for FY24. And you can see that overall growth in revenue and overall growth in 
volume, consequently, is unlikely to be very significant. I think the Q2-to-Q2 growth 
in e-commerce overall has not been sort of as significant. Q3, of course, as I 
mentioned, October, we've grown 30%, and I think that's a very positive sign. 
I also think in Q1 and Q2, given the fact that we've had challenging weather conditions 
and so on, the impact of quick commerce on some of the volumes in certain categories 
may also have been slightly larger. So, overall, not a very big surprise that Q2 versus 
Q1 has remained broadly flattish. On insourcing, I think our point is very simple that 
the two largest players, obviously, which are Flipkart and Amazon, there hasn't been 
a very significant change in terms of their insourcing strategy. In any case, they've 
been insourcing a fairly significant percentage. My point is mainly that on the third 
player, in the case of bulk of the action that would have affected the third-party 
industry would have happened in the previous financial year. I think we've said this in 
the past, in this kind of a network, scaling the initial period is not very difficult but 
incremental scale becomes more difficult. The bulk of the impact would really have 
been in the Jan, Feb, March period, or Q4 of the last financial year. We don't think 
that it will have as significant an impact going forward. 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
Sure. And Sahil, this 30% growth that we have had versus pre-festive period, how has 
this number generally been in the past few years? And post-Diwali, do we see a bit of 
a slowdown, a bit of a lull in volumes? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
It's been very variable over the last several years, to be honest. Last year would have 
been broadly almost in the same sort of range, 30% peak to non-peak period. But to 
be honest, when the e-commerce market was in its infancy, these numbers used to be 
as high as 50%, 60%. But we've also seen a couple of years where this has been lower 
than that. So I think 30%, the way I would look at it, is broadly par for the course. Has 
there been a slowdown after the peak period? Compared to the peak period, obviously. 
But broadly speaking, no, I think so far we're okay even in November. One of the 
things that we are obviously benefited by a little bit, and where we are seeing an 
improvement in our position in the market is that our overall volumes on heavier 
packages have actually increased even more. As I've brought up multiple times in the 
past, we are more or less the only carrier who can handle heavy consignments, 
especially among third-party carriers. It's a unique specialty of Delhivery, and that's 
obviously because we run the PTL business. And our heavy volumes actually have 
improved fairly significantly, both through right at the end of September, but also in 
October and November. And actually, this is a strategic capability that we're going to 
be pushing even more. Obviously, a large part of this in the Diwali period is for things 
like consumer durables, refrigerators, air conditioners, furniture, et cetera. But post 
the peak, what we will continue to push on is really growth in everything that weighs 
more than 3 kilograms, which is really a very large sort of overall market sub-segment. 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  
Understood. And sorry, just one clarification. You mentioned that post-Diwali, our 
volumes are roughly similar to how they typically are in the pre-festive period. So, 
assuming roughly, let's say, 60 million of monthly sales in November, December, if I 
add 78 million for October, we are speaking about almost 200 million-odd volumes, 
which is again going to be kind of flattish year-on-year. So, are those the kind of trends 
that you're currently seeing, that the growth is somewhat missing because of weak 
consumer sentiment? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I don't know, hard to say, because right now, if I look at our numbers, we're well-
positioned. I think we will grow compared to the same quarter last year. Like I said, 
there are also a number of other conversations which have been ongoing with our 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
clients, where a lot of these conversations get consummated in this two-month period, 
because this is the moment when e-commerce companies really start thinking about 
the next calendar year, next financial year as well. Like I said, we have, our objectives 
are cut out, we're going to increase our share overall on heavies, we're going to 
increase our overall share on regional surface, we're going to increase our overall share 
on national air as well. So as we do these things, let's see how they play out in 
November, December, but if those play out well, then there is no reason why we 
shouldn't see growth compared to the same quarter last year. 
But overall, I think, more in the e-commerce industry, you've heard this commentary 
from FMCG companies now already that there has been a softness in consumption. 
And I think we'd be foolish to think that it wouldn't affect e-commerce as well over a 
period of time. So I think the consumption slowdown is real, I think its impact on the 
e-commerce industry is real. From a Delhivery standpoint, though, I think we've been 
biding our time stabilizing our operations, making sure margins are stable, capacity 
investments coming in line, increasing the share of PTL. And now that we have many 
of these factors in place, we will push the pedal on e-commerce growth as well, even 
if the market doesn't grow. We have that ability. 
ADITYA BHARTIA:  
Sure, that's helpful, Sahil. Thanks. 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you. In the interest of time, request all participants to please limit the number 
of questions to two. We'll take the next question from Gaurav Rateria. Gaurav, please 
go ahead. 
GAURAV RATERIA:  
Hey, hi. Thanks for taking my question and great execution on PTL. I have actually a 
couple of questions. I will just maybe state all my questions, and in respect of time, 
whatever you can answer, you please. The first question is on PTL margins. So I 
understand that capacity creation would have impacted margins in Express Parcel in 
2Q, but why despite a good Q-on-Q growth rate, PTL margins have remained stable 
quarter-on-quarter. 
The second question is on Express margins on a year-on-year basis. Is that decline 
primarily because last year the capacity creation investments were more around 3Q 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
and this time, it is more around 2Q? Is that a reason why the margins on a Y-o-Y basis 
look down for Express Parcel? 
The third question is around the customer-specific impact. You sounded very 
confident that this has stabilized. What drives that confidence? 
And the last question is that, theoretically, if Express parcel volume were to remain in 
sub-double-digit like a 8%-10% growth, do you think that our corporate overheads are 
geared to kind of handle that kind of a growth? Because I understand that our corporate 
overheads are geared to handle much higher revenue growth. So is there a room to 
kind of relook at our corporate overheads, if that continues for a little bit longer? Thank 
you. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. Thanks. I'll try and do this as quickly as I can. On the PTL margins very quickly, 
PTL shares the network with Express Parcel and heavy as well. And so in that sense, 
there isn't sort of an isolated PTL margin that we report overall. So when capacity is 
expanded for the network, capacity is expanded overall for the entire network as a 
whole. And so PTL has to bear some of the costs of expanding the network for Express 
and heavy, right? So that's broadly the reason why PTL margins on their own have not 
increased. So when we expand, for example, a gateway or when we expand fleet 
capacity, part of that cost also gets attributed to the PTL network, given that we run a 
totally integrated network. Because part of this network also services heavy. 
On Express Parcel margins, year-on-year, the largest impact is fundamentally, because 
of the capacity expansion for the peak period. Between any given set of quarters, 
there's always a little bit of variation that comes from client mix. But other than that, 
broadly speaking, the impact is largely because of this. There is also one smaller 
factor. It's not a very, very large factor but again, a couple of basis points it makes a 
difference is, if you remember, airlines had introduced a specific surcharge in the 
period of September and October for air freight. So that would also have had a small 
impact on September this year which is somewhat new, some of this we've obviously 
passed on to our customers downstream as well. That'll reflect in October as well. 
In terms of customer-specific impact, look, I think like I mentioned in the past, 
specifically with the third player in the space. I think the reality is Delhivery is the 
lowest cost player in the space and our delivery outcomes are better. That's reflected 
not just in our overall volumes, that's reflected in the share of the market that we 
command outside of the top three players as well. And we have an extremely large 
share of the market that is not the top three marketplaces. And so Delhivery's quality 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
of service and Delhivery's cost in that sense are very, very clearly established. Given 
that, whether it's the two big marketplaces or Meesho in that regard, I think having 
Delhivery as a strong third strategic partner is in the interest of every platform. And 
it's not inimical to the interests of any of the three marketplaces to have a large, stable, 
diversified, low cost, high quality logistics company as a partner. And so I think the 
reality is nobody benefits by reducing our overall share. The second thing is that we 
don't have the client concentration that the other three peers in this space have. Most 
of them are dependent precisely on one or two clients. And so when you're dependent 
on only one or two clients, managing peaks becomes much harder, and especially 
when you only run an Express Parcel business. One of the reasons why the peaks affect 
us a little less than they do any other 3PL in this space is because we have the ballast 
of the PTL business, and the heavy business, both of which allow us to establish more 
stable capacities and more stable service levels. And so in that regard, like I said, 
there's absolutely no benefit to any of the players to really not having Delhivery as the 
dominant partner that they need to have outside of self-logistics. So that's what gives 
me confidence that there's no reason for any of them to shift out of Delhivery. 
In terms of Express Parcel, if the industry remains at 8% to 10% growth, is there an 
opportunity to cut some amount of corporate overheads? I think that'll certainly be the 
case. In any case, corporate overheads are something that, if you look at it, have 
remained stable for nearly two years. The wages are about nearly half of that overall 
corporate overhead. So even with wage inflation being what it is, the reality is we've 
kept corporate overheads absolutely stable for two years. So we will continue to 
exercise the same judiciousness on corporate overheads. And of course, if it turns out 
that we believe that the e-commerce industry is not going to grow at all and not just 
the e-commerce industry, if there's any part of our business which we believe is not 
going to grow at the rates that we expect, we will evaluate the corporate overheads. 
But that's what I want to be clear, our aim is not to optimize the corporate overheads 
for a given size of business, it is to grow the business. So we would rather use the 
people that we have to go and aggressively build out the products that I'd spoken about 
earlier, which is the new products we're building on Express Parcel, which is 
expanding the reach of our PTL business, which is expanding the quality of our supply 
chain services business. So I think that it's not an immediate step, but it is something 
that we evaluate in any case on an ongoing basis. 
GAURAV RATERIA:  
Thank you so much for the comprehensive answer. All the best. 
SAHIL BARUA:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
Thank you. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Achal Lohade. Achal, please go ahead and ask your 
question. 
ACHAL LOHADE:  
Good evening, team. Thank you for the opportunity. First, in terms of the one-time 
provisions, if you could elaborate a little bit in supply chain as well as the corporate 
overheads, the reversal what you kind of hinted. 
Number two, the CapEx, how do we look at for FY25 and '26 and which areas of the 
business? And number three, if we exclude the insourcing part, what is the like-to-like 
growth year to date, if you could have that number handy? Thank you. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. So let me quickly just answer question number two and also answer number 
three and then Amit, CFO, will take over. Very quickly on like-for-like growth in, if 
you exclude the chaps who have captives, the interesting thing is that our SME and 
D2C business, in fact, the SME business volumes year-on-year are up nearly 50%. 
And the D2C business will be up close to about, nearly about 20% on volume, right? 
As I mentioned several times before, one of the other things is we also choose fairly 
selectively which clients we work with. So there are some clients, for example, where, 
Delhivery performance is 20%, 30%, where effectively we are required to act as 
extended sales arms, where we don't work with them. So we exclude those entirely. 
But in the core segments that we are bothered about, which is high quality e-commerce 
companies, SME, D2C, et cetera, our growth has been pretty robust, and I think we've 
actually gained share in this period. 
On CapEx, very quickly, I'll let Amit provide you a detailed answer. But in fact, I 
think on CapEx overall, we are ahead of where we had expected to be in terms of 
CapEx as a percentage of revenue. There's been a very sharp drop in H1 overall. I 
think CapEx for H1 would have come in at close to about 6.6% of revenue. We expect 
the entire year to come in at broadly about 6.5% to 6.6%, 6.7%. And so overall, 
reducing the CapEx intensity of the business, we're ahead on plan overall, and we 
expect this to continue pretty aggressively. But I'll really let Amit talk you through 
more detail on both the first question and the second. Amit, please go ahead. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
Thanks. Continuing on the CapEx part, our CapEx investments continue to primarily 
go into the areas of tractor trailers and automation and furniture fixture, leasehold 
improvement inside the facilities. As we have indicated that trucking CapEx remains 
right now at about 2%, 2.1% of revenue, as we are in a catch-up phase to the steady 
state tractor trailer penetration in our network. Once that's completed by the end of 
this year, we should start tapering towards 1% to 1.1% of revenue as trucking CapEx 
in the FY26 period. 
You will again see improvement in automation. plant and machinery, furniture fixtures 
in the next fiscal year as well. So we should be in the sub-6% range for FY26 on the 
CapEx. Going to the provisions aspect of Q4, there are two specific one-offs. One was 
in supply chain services business, where we took inventory adjustment of about Rs. 
10 crores. It's a provision right now as we continue to audit our fulfillment centers and 
some of it we may expect to reverse in the subsequent quarters. The other part is the 
Rs. 21 crores reversal on account of oxygen concentrators that we had purchased 
during COVID time. These were imported from a foreign vendor who had entered into 
a contractual dispute with his back-to-back vendor, because of which we had to 
provision this amount. However, over the period, we were able to make progress 
through negotiation and legal processes and we have recovered Rs. 21 crores out of 
the Rs. 28 crores they owed us in October 2024. So, for the same Rs. 21 crores, 
provision has been reversed in Q2 of FY25. There is a Rs. 7 crores additional payment 
that we expect over next four to six quarters, as per our agreed plan with them. 
ACHAL LOHADE:  
Sure, thank you. Just a clarification, you said you received the money in October. Have 
I understood right? 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
Yes. 
ACHAL LOHADE:  
And that's already reflected in September quarter number, right? 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
Yes, the provision has been reversed, because it was only a provision. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
ACHAL LOHADE:  
Understood. Thank you so much. Wish you all the best. 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Jainam Shah. Jainam, please go ahead. 
JAINAM SHAH:  
So, this question is firstly related to the PTL segment. We are almost second or third 
largest company in terms of PTL in terms of volumes, whereas our margins are still at 
3% or something. So, what differentiates us in terms of margin from other players who 
are making, let's say, 10% plus margin? And what kind of margin we can make, let's 
say, 10%, 13%, 14% going forward? What volume number we can be making those 
margins? So, this is what related to the PTL, like it has, of course, progressed well 
from a negative 20% to positive 3%. But going forward, what could be the trajectory? 
And second question would be on the e-commerce slowdown. What could be your 
view? Is this quick commerce impacting the e-commerce or is it overall consumption 
slowdown? Or going forward also, let's take it from next two to three years angle, is it 
quick commerce becoming, you can say, a substitute for the e-commerce and which 
can eventually impact us going forward as well? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. On PTL margin trajectory, I think, look, first of all, I think you've already pointed 
it out. There's been an absolutely sequential and continuous improvement in the 
overall margins of the PTL business from negative 20% to positive 3%, which is where 
we are right now. As I mentioned in the past, the difference between us and other 
players in this industry is our appetite for growth. We've grown 27% year-on-year in 
revenue terms and 23% in terms of volumes. I think if you added up the rest of the 
listed players in the PTL space, broadly speaking, while I don't remember the exact 
numbers, but growth would be fairly close to zero overall for everyone put together. 
And I think that's the difference. So were we to absolutely constrain the PTL network 
to say we don't wish to do any tonnage larger than 425,000 tons, reflecting the margins 
would not necessarily be very difficult. We would just have to downsize freight service 
stations, downside hubs, and so on. That said, as I mentioned this before, I think India 
is a market where there's massive amount of spends by enterprises across the board on 
freight. And as markets mature, the reality is that a part of the market does shift 
towards Express part truckload freight. Our belief is that any company that's not 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
investing in building capacity for India's growth in freight volumes is actually not 
making the right decision. It is the only way for costs to ultimately reduce for overall 
supply chains in India to be optimized correctly. So we will continue to invest for 
growth in the PTL business. The margins in the PTL business will continue to expand 
as overall volumes go up, obviously, because the incremental growth in capacity is 
not that large. We do think that PTL margins will mirror the Express Parcel margins 
as the business continues to mature. We've already gone from minus 20% to plus 3% 
in a fairly short period of time. And we think as volumes go up, we will go from plus 
3% to the plus 16%, plus 17% sort of range that we have in Express Parcel as well. 
The other interesting thing, of course, in PTL, unlike in Express Parcel, is that the 
dynamics of the market are fundamentally different. In the Express industry, the 
reality is that part of the reason why, if you look at the overall profitability for the 
Express industry, it's negative. Delhivery, while we are profitable, and significantly 
so on the Express Parcel side, even if you include the captives, as I mentioned, one of 
the captives has released their financial results for FY24, which shows a 5x increase 
in loss. And when you include all of the captives and you include even the other third-
party players, the net profitability is likely to be barely zero or negative for all of them 
put together. The reality in the Express industry is that there are too many players. In 
the PTL space, of course, the difference is that there are too few players. The market 
remains highly unorganized. The total organized players in this space, Safexpress, 
Delhivery, VRL, Gati, we all have the ability to grow into this market while continuing 
to increase margins, all of us, not just Delhivery alone. So I think that's going to be 
our strategy. I think we will get to the Express level margins as the business grows. 
Now, whether it takes us exactly three quarters or four or five quarters, that will 
depend on how volumes come in. 
In terms of quick commerce and its impact on e-commerce, I've said this in the past. I 
know this isn't necessarily the most popular opinion. But the reality is that quick 
commerce is impacting kirana. The reality is that its impact on e-commerce is not as 
large as its impact is broadly on the larger retail ecosystem. When somebody is buying 
vegetables or fruits or buying a pack of cigarettes online using a quick commerce app, 
that's not something they're buying on Flipkart or on Amazon, or on for that matter, 
Meesho, where they're buying plastic products and home improvement products and 
so on. So fundamental SKUs are also different to a large extent across the broader 
world of e-commerce and quick commerce. I think there will be in a few cases, there 
will be marginal impact on e-commerce. Certainly, in the beauty and personal care 
space, there will be a demand for some products, certainly. Contact-lens solution, for 
example, is that something that should come to you via quick commerce application? 
Why not? But if you say 20,000 SKUs of BPC, can you reliably do it through quick 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
commerce? The answer is no. And I think the reality is it's also getting slowly 
recognized by the quick commerce firms. Because if you go from 15-minute delivery 
to four-hour delivery, saying that we want to do a bigger range of SKUs and larger 
warehouses, you are essentially reverse engineering a warehouse. So it's not quick 
commerce anymore. One more step and you're reinventing an Amazon fulfillment 
center, which already exists and is highly efficient. So I'm not sure that the impact of 
quick commerce on e-commerce will be as significant. I think even as quick commerce 
expands its total number of SKUs, it's going to look a lot like ecommerce. And in e-
commerce, the advantage is that the existing players have large entrenched advantages 
as well. So I think it will be interesting to see how that plays out. We're not particularly 
worried. And from our standpoint, look, irrespective of what happens, we will launch 
a third-party quick commerce service in any case. Obviously, not to do something like 
15 and 20-minute delivery, because we don't believe that that's necessary for all 
categories of products, but we will launch a third-party service. We are in the process 
of piloting the launch of this in Bangalore with one of our key BPC partners. And the 
advantage with us, obviously, is that we not only service their quick commerce 
requirements, we service their overall requirements, pan-India. And not just for B2C, 
but in this case, even for B2B. And so there's a lot of logic for companies in this space 
to partner with Delhivery to solve their problems for national e-commerce shipping, 
national B2B shipping, air shipping and quick commerce. And so irrespective of this, 
we will launch our service. The only part that we will not play in, obviously, is 15-
minute deliveries of cigarettes or 15-minute deliveries of food and so on, the highly 
low AOV kind of segment in this market. 
JAINAM SHAH:  
Got it, sir. Thanks for the elaborate answer. Just a follow-up on the first question. Of 
course, we are having a very strong growth in the PTL segment, where the rest of the 
players have struggled. Wanted your view on the pricing of ours as compared to the 
competitors, and there have been few price increases taken by the competitors. Is it 
eventually leading to our volume growth, or we are also planning some price increase 
in terms of like while reaching from 3% to 15%-16%? Are we factoring any pricing, 
or it is just, you can say, more of a capacity utilization and eventually leading to better 
margins? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
So Jainam, it's interesting that you point it out. So yes, some of our competitors have 
passed price increases in the PTL space. We also have passed some price increases in 
some parts of the PTL space where we felt that we were underpriced. But broadly 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
speaking, we price at the same levels as the market. So, Safexpress obviously is larger 
than us, they are an excellent benchmark in this industry and large, well known and 
stable competitor. And so we typically, we'll benchmark ourselves versus them or 
versus other players in the market. If you look at it, our yield has also gone up over a 
period of time. In fact, I think our Q2 yield will be nearly Rs. 11 overall. And when 
we began this journey, our PTL yields were closer to the Rs. 10 sort of benchmark. So 
over a period of time, our commercial discipline has improved. Over a period of time, 
the quality of our service has allowed us to go to clients and essentially have a slightly 
higher premium price compared to the other players, especially the unorganized 
players who they work with. But the interesting thing is when I was talking about the 
15%, 16% service EBITDA margins that we think PTL can make, that does not include 
yield improvements. So, if we were to improve yields going forward, and we will 
continue to do it tactically, that will be in addition to the 15%, 16% that I've already 
forecast. 
JAINAM SHAH:  
Got it, sir. Thank you very much, sir. 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Sachin Dixit. Sachin, please go ahead. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Yeah. Hi, Sahil. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with regards to the 
plans for third-party quick commerce services. I remember a couple of quarters back, 
you did highlight that you will be opening shared warehouses for people to ship 
quickly. Is this on top of it? Can you elaborate a bit more on this plan? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, so the plan is very simple. We are going to open these third-party warehouses. 
This will be powered by Delhivery's warehouse management system, which we use 
already in our fulfillment centers that we run for e-commerce and B2B. And this will 
be linked directly to our transportation network. Our WMS is already synced with our 
transportation network. So these will be smaller in-city warehouses. Typically, we 
expect the sizes of these warehouses to be somewhere between about 2,500 square 
feet at the smallest end to about 5,000 square feet at the upper end. Broadly speaking, 
this will, to begin with, be probably about a six to seven city operation. We are 
beginning with the city of Bangalore, because that's obviously the mecca of quick 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
commerce in some senses. And then we will launch obviously NCR region as well, 
but even selectively within NCR. The idea is very simple. If you're an e-commerce 
company that wants to provide a rapid commerce service to your customers, 
essentially Delhivery's WMS is giving you, first of all, real-time visibility of your 
inventory and its location, which allows you to display this on your website, pointing 
out which SKUs are available for a rapid commerce or a quick commerce delivery 
option in real time. Consumers can obviously then choose to buy this on your website, 
and then we will facilitate the delivery. Our anticipation given the radii that we have 
currently planned is that even with reasonable order aggregation, which will allow us 
to keep the costs of delivery fairly low, we should be able to deliver all of these orders 
within the fastest end, probably about an hour, and at the slowest end, the plan will be 
to deliver within four hours, which I think meets the requirements of all of our clients. 
And the idea is that you share this inventory. I don't think any e-commerce company 
in India has sort of the order density or even the necessity really to go and set up a 
fully self-owned quick commerce network. It doesn't make sense. Also, this is a very 
dynamic space, so, selecting which SKUs, the quantities of the SKUs to place in a 
variety of locations, managing that versus your B2B, versus your traditional e-
commerce operations, et cetera, is fairly complicated. So the idea is that we go to 
absolutely everybody and say, look, you can share this in-city infrastructure. Let me 
be honest, it's not vastly different from what we do in any case with our e-commerce 
fulfillment services. We have a number of e-commerce companies for whom we 
provide essentially a white-labeled Amazon Prime kind of service, where effectively 
they can store inventory with us in deep reserve fulfillment centers, and then from 
there, we do local and national delivery for them. This is just a scaled-down version 
of that at a city level. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Fair enough. My second question is on the line of basically what we saw in terms of 
service EBITDA margin dip in Express Parcel. My question largely is basically, we 
have been obviously investing into automation, into building capacity across the board 
since inception, but largely over the last four quarters, we have expanded capacity. 
But if you look at H1, our volume growths are only 1%-odd. Is it the reason for this 
dip could be a lack of capacity utilization or basically de-utilization? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
No, and I think if you look at it, the incremental investments that we have made from 
a capacity standpoint have been indexed more to the growth of the PTL business and 
to some extent the growth of our volumes in heavies. Actually speaking, the 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
incremental investments on the parcel side have been very small, because the reality 
is we already have these mega gateways and our sortation centers have been there. So 
we've been able to sort of not have to invest huge amounts of capital in retooling or 
expanding the parcel network. But we are at this point supporting already 27% revenue 
growth year-on-year in the PTL business. And we have seen significant growth in the 
heavy business also year-on-year, which is where we need to make these capacity 
investments. And that's sort of where the investment has gone, not so much on the 
parcel side. On the parcel side, the change in margin between Q1 and Q2, as I'd 
mentioned, one is obviously because of the fact that the peak season this time is closer 
to the end of Q2. In fact, the peak season began on September 26th, which means we 
had to start taking up capacities a little earlier. And this is anyway typically the season 
in which not just Delhivery, but every 3PL and even the captives typically will invest 
and bring a reasonable amount of capacity online. So some amount of dip from Q1 to 
Q2 is anticipated, it is expected. In this case, the delta Q2-on-Q2 year-on-year is 
largely because of the fact that the peak this time is closer to, has started in September. 
But structurally, I just want to re-emphasize, there is no change in the structural 
expected margins of the Express Parcel business. Last year, we made between I think 
at the lowest end 16% and at the higher end 20.6% service EBITDA. We don't think 
that structurally those margins will change in this year. For the first two quarters, they 
already haven't. Q3, we have a reasonable line of sight in any case. So we don't see 
any reason for that to structurally change. And like I mentioned, we do this in a world 
where blended yields are at Rs. 70 and parcel yields are what they are. So despite an 
environment which is price competitive, despite an environment which is challenging 
for most 3PLs, Delhivery continues to make 17% service EBITDA margins on the 
Express business. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Right. The reason why I asked that question, right, obviously, we have been 
highlighting since IPO that 50% to 60% incremental gross margins we see on transport 
business. This is probably the first quarter that we are seeing that not happening, right? 
If I look at Y-o-Y, our revenues have improved, but our incremental gross margins 
looks much lower. That's why I was asking the question. 
SAHIL BARUA: 
Understood. Thank you. 
MODERATOR:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
We'll take the next question from Manjeet Buaria. Manjeet, please go ahead. 
MANJEET BUARIA:  
Thank you. Sahil, I had three questions all on Part Truckload business. First was if 
you could just explain if our Part Truckload business is different in any way, 
fundamentally from what a Gati or a TCI Express or a Safex does. And where I'm 
coming from is I think these guys have lot of branches in many cities. I'm not sure 
whether we operate on the same model. So, just a basic question there. 
Second question on PTL was how much of our PTL volume is mandated to be on an 
express sort of mandate versus how much of our PTL volume is just normal PTL 
today, where the customer doesn't really care about the timeline to be express? 
And the final one was, our PTL business, can we start giving service level data on on-
time delivery and cargo claim ratio? So, just helps us appreciate the point you have 
been making. Thank you. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Got it. Understood. All very good questions. On the PTL business, your first question 
is how are we different from most of the other players in this space? I think the 
business, and there's no shame in admitting this, I think the business that we look up 
to the most in India as sort of an absolutely gold standard PTL business is Safexpress. 
And our first ambition as Delhivery is at the bare minimum to be able to do what 
Safexpress does. When you have a competitor which is so high quality, why would 
you not want to do exactly what they do? And therefore, in that sense, if your question 
is, are we different from Safexpress fundamentally? Yes, we have operational 
differences in terms of how we orchestrate the network, our infrastructure may look 
different, but we are both high quality service providers to the PTL industry. We are 
both high quality Express service providers to the PTL industry. And we would 
certainly love to, I mean, who wouldn't want to build Safexpress? 
But in terms of how we're different from the rest of the industry, my only simple 
answer would be, Safexpress and Delhivery are high quality players in the space. We 
are fundamentally different because we are invested in delivering a high quality 
express experience to all of our customers. And I think that's just a fundamental 
philosophical difference, and therefore, a fundamental operational difference and a 
fundamental execution difference between us and everybody else in this space. The 
branch models vary widely, even among the players that you'd mentioned, actually. 
Our branch model, of course, is different from Safexpress as well, but also different 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
from Gati, different from VRL, and so on. Fundamentally, we operate fewer branches. 
Our total number of freight service stations is only 120 across the country. For 
everything that doesn't go through a freight service station, the advantage is that we 
are able to utilize our DC network, which we use for e-commerce. And so that allows 
us to have a significantly more expanded reach on a directly served network versus a 
franchise served network. And we are able to cross-utilize resources between our PTL 
and our Express Parcel networks. So that's at a very high level, the difference. 
And of course, there are a number of differences in terms of sort of how we orchestrate 
and route within the network, the overall interfaces, the fact that we're integrated with 
the heavy network. But I won't get into that today. Let me put it this way, your 
question, are we different from other players in this industry? Operationally, yes. From 
a technology standpoint, yes. Obviously, from a growth standpoint, it's quite visible. 
From a margin standpoint, I don't think over a period of time, we will be lagging the 
industry. We expect to be differentiated in a positive fashion with higher margins. We 
would love to be Safexpress as the first ambition, and then hopefully, everything going 
well, outgrowing them. The rest of the industry, frankly, I don't think you can compare. 
These are apples and oranges. 
On PTL volume, you said, how many customers choose Express versus normal. On a 
very light note, I've never met a customer who wants their product slower. So, all 
customers want their products to be treated as Express products, really. And that's part 
of the reason why Delhivery has grown 27% a year, which is that increasingly 
companies are coming to players like us and saying, we want inventory to reach its 
destination faster. It doesn't matter what you make. In what world would you want it 
to reach its destination slower? And especially if Delhivery, and Safexpress, for that 
matter, are able to deliver it for you at a faster speed and at a lower cost, which is 
broadly comparable to what you pay for slower delivery, why would you not want it? 
The fact in India is very simple, which is it is possible to deliver higher quality of 
service at the same cost that low quality players operate at. And that's really the market 
that Delhivery, and not just Delhivery, Delhivery and Safexpress are both clearly 
going after. And obviously, in our case, it's reflected in the numbers and the growth 
which is 27%. And apart from that, also in the fact that our yield has also gone up over 
this period. So over a period of time, I don't think a market for poor quality, cheap 
logistics in India is going to remain at all. So all customers are going to say, we want 
express delivery effectively. And because the only way to deliver slower delivery is 
to drive your truck more slowly. But it's not clear why you would do that. The last 
piece is on service level data, as well as on cargo claims. I think this is a fair point. 
We will look at whether we can actually provide cargo claim data. Overall, what I can 
tell you is that claim ratios for us have reduced consistently. We had peaked in terms 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
of claim ratios during the Spoton integration, which was a long time back, two years 
back. We continue to see quarter-on quarter improvements in overall claims. We'll see 
if we can start publishing that data. 
In terms of service levels, while I'm always very happy to provide service levels, our 
on-time delivery performance on freight typically tends to be in the sort 89% to 93% 
range on Delhivery's defined speeds. So, I do want to be clear that Delhivery's defined 
speeds are often, across the industry, faster than the defined speeds that other players 
provide between two points. And so, in some senses, even if we were to provide the 
data, it wouldn't be exactly comparable. On our internal expectations that we provide 
to clients, we typically are in the 89% to 93% range. There's a significant variation, of 
course, that happens week-on-week, because typically in the PTL industry, volumes 
are highest in the fourth week or the last week of the month. And so service levels 
tend to dip right at the end of the last week and at the start of the first week. But 
otherwise, we remain broadly in this range. 
MANJEET BUARIA:  
Got it. Sir, just one follow-up question was, when you say you and Safex do high-
quality experience for the customers, what are the quantitative KPIs you track for that? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Well, one you've already referred to, I mean, I've referred to both, really. One is 
obviously delivery speed, and the other is defects or claims, effectively delivering on-
time and in-full. 
And the other one, of course, that I tangentially refer to, but is important for customers 
is reach. See, a lot of PTL networks, the reality is that the core reach of their network 
on the self-managed network is fairly small. The core reach will typically be 3,000 pin 
codes, 4,000 pin codes, 5,000 pin codes. And everything else will be classified as what 
is in the industry parlance called ODA, which is an out-of-delivery area sort of 
delivery and then you charge a premium for it. Whereas in Delhivery's case, because 
we have the DC network, practically all of the 18,775 pin codes that we serve for 
Express Parcel are a direct serve non-ODA network. So customers look at reach as 
well. So reach, speed, and quality. 
MANJEET BUARIA:  
Got it. Thank you so much. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
MODERATOR.  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vineet Manek. Vineet, please go ahead. 
VINEET MANEK:  
Yes. Hi, Sahil. Thank you for the opportunity. Just two questions from my side. One 
is on the Express Parcel segment. So the way we look at the industry currently, 
especially from the captive perspective is the 90:10 ratio versus the insourcing and the 
outsourcing. So over the next two years, do you feel that this ratio can materially start 
changing because of the cost per parcel to them versus us, especially on the e-
commerce parcel side? Or they have built a capacity and they would not like to change 
this insourcing versus outsourcing ratio? 
And largely, my second question is on the last-mile side of the delivery. So just like 
the models of the quick commerce evolving very fast for many of the players, do you 
think that this can be one of the challenges in terms of the availability of the labor or 
maybe the cost per parcel of the labor going forward over the next few quarters or 
maybe in the next one or two years? 
SAHIL BARUA  
Yes, let me start with the second. Obviously, there's no question that the labor market 
in India is challenging. There's no question that the labor market in India has tightened 
over the last couple of years. It's become harder to find people to deliver not just e-
commerce packages, but pretty much anything. And obviously, road conditions being 
what they are, weather conditions being more variable, this is a job that over a period 
of time has become more difficult. I think from our standpoint, we have long taken 
this view. We do not treat the workers who work with us as gig workers. We pay more 
than a fair wage, which is indexed very clearly to the cost of living in every city that 
we operate in. and our aim is to make sure that we have a certain minimum base of 
full-time employees as well who deliver on our behalf. It's the best way to make sure 
that you have a really steady, reliable capacity at all times. So despite labor conditions 
being challenging, you can see that overall our economics are quite favorable. I do 
anticipate, though, that the labor situation will continue to remain challenging. The 
good thing for us, as I've mentioned, is that whether there's a regulatory change on gig 
worker rights, et cetera, those things are going to have very limited impact on 
Delhivery, if any at all, because we're already ahead of the curve on this. 
In terms of the captive ratio, it's hard for me to comment on whether they will change 
the 90:10 ratio to anything, because well, one, obviously, I can't comment on what 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
somebody else's strategy is or should be. But what I can tell you is that, look, like I 
mentioned, the financial results are out for one of them. The burn is significantly 
higher than it was in the previous financial year. Now, it's hard for me to say anything. 
At the end of the day, if a company is not going to be financially motivated, it's hard 
to prescribe exactly what its future path is going to be. All I can tell you overall is that 
I don't think things will get much worse in the 90:10 as far as third-party logistics is 
concerned, because I think you do need to have a strong partner, given variabilities in 
your own network. It's inevitable. At any point in time, your network could be affected 
by weather. It could be affected by local issues. It could be just a pure operational 
mismanagement issue. And therefore, having a strong partner who can work with you 
on a reliable basis is important. And I think no matter what their individual strategies, 
all of the players within captive logistics have realized that Delhivery is that partner. 
And they reward us for our high quality service and also for the benefits we have in 
terms of pricing. My view, of course, personally, is that the right ratio is not 90:10, 
but significantly different. I think everybody in the industry, especially the two biggest 
marketplaces, save very, very large amounts of money by outsourcing. Even relatively 
speaking, even if you go from 90:10 to even 80:20, I think the reality is that both of 
the large marketplaces in India will save very, very significant amounts of money that 
is ultimately in the best interest of both of their shareholders, right? But until such time 
as they're not completely financially motivated, I don't know whether things will 
change or not. I think it's a good idea. It saves everybody money. It makes the entire 
Indian logistics ecosystem significantly more efficient. We are the lowest cost player. 
We are the highest quality player in this space. And I think at some point, sense will 
prevail. What point that is, it's hard for me to predict. And at that point, I think we'll 
do very well. 
VINEET MANEK:  
Got it. And for the heavy goods, as we have highlighted that we have a significant 
share with the top two e-commerce players. So is the ratio very different, especially 
in terms of the heavy goods supply, or even that stays the same, like a 90:10 kind of a 
ratio for the largest two e-commerce companies? 
SAHIL BARUA: 
No, it's very different, actually. It's not the same 90:10 ratio that is there. This, you 
have to break up actually by subcategory also, because it varies a lot. Everything 
heavy, for example, is everything that weighs over 5 kgs. Now, something that weighs 
5 kg, as an example, the ratio of outsourcing instead of 90:10, maybe something like 
80:20. But by the time you're getting to the really heavy stuff, bicycles, gym kits, 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
ladders, mattresses, home appliances like refrigerators or washing machines, and so 
on, that ratio could be vastly different there. And it's also very geography-specific. 
The ratio, for example, in the metros for some of these heaviest categories may be, 
let's say, 60:40, 70:30. But by the time you're getting out of the metros, those ratios 
may be where actually the third-party player, which is us in this case, will actually 
have a higher share than the in-house logistics arm. And that's where the integration 
of the PTL and the heavy network makes a very, very big difference overall. We're the 
only player who has the ability to offer that service, reliably pan-India. 
VINEET MANEK:  
Got it, got it. Thank you for patiently answering the question. 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Anshul Agarwal. Anshul, please go 
ahead. 
ANSHUL AGARWAL:  
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sahil, my question is with regards to the explanation 
that you gave for the third-party service that we'll be providing, that we are currently 
in the pilot mode. Do you think that structurally, the distance traveled for a parcel on 
our network will sort of reduce, given the fact that our customers would want their 
customers to get everything quicker? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Are you asking about the entire Delhivery network aggregated? 
ANSHUL AGARWAL:  
Yes, generally, e-commerce guys also wanting to get their products delivered quicker. 
Would supply chain sort of build out a network in such a kind that the transport aspect 
of the whole parcel ecosystem reduces, the kilometers that a parcel travel reduces? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
That is a hugely complicated question. Let me do my best to try to answer this as 
simply as I can. You'll have to, again, break this into subsegments of users. Certainly, 
what will happen, as an example, for the biggest metro cities is that there will be an 
overall reduction in distance. There's no question, because in-city warehouses will 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
reduce the distance traveled by packages for a small fraction of them, compared to 
delivering from a distant fulfillment center. 
So if I take the city of Bombay as an example, instead of delivering from Bhiwandi to 
somebody who lives, let's say, in Mahim, you may actually deliver it from a smaller 
warehouse which is, I don't know, let's say it's in Khar or in Andheri or somewhere. 
So obviously, that change will happen. But that said, I do want you to bear in mind 
that supply and demand both have to be influenced for distance to reduce. If you want 
to buy a sari which is made by a guy in Surat, and you happen to live in Agartala, 
quick commerce is not going to reduce the distance that parcel has to travel. 
The second thing also is that you have to look at where incremental consumer growth 
is going to happen. The reality is that the largest cities in India already are fairly 
penetrated from a consumer standpoint. The reality is that if Indian e-commerce is to 
accelerate its growth, e-commerce has to penetrate far beyond the top 8 or 10 cities. 
You have to be in the next 1,000 cities. And as consumer growth in all of those cities 
goes up, the only way to really reduce distance traveled per shipment is to actually go 
back to the classic e-commerce model of forward fulfillment with deep reserve 
warehouses, which is something that Delhivery already offers. So, if you're an e-
commerce company, as an example today, you can warehouse with us on a variable 
cost basis in four different regions instead of actually servicing everything out of, let's 
say, a Delhi or a Bombay or a Bangalore. And that's how you reduce distance. So I 
don't think structurally quick commerce on its own is vastly going to reduce the 
distance traveled by a package. For some categories in some cities, it might. But the 
real reduction in distance will come as demand in Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, semi-
urban, even parts of rural, starts increasing, and as the fulfillment network goes 
forward into all of these locations. 
ANSHUL AGARWAL:  
Clear, Sahil. Just a follow-up on this. So if demand for e-commerce becomes more 
democratized, maybe because of quick commerce or just generally otherwise, distance 
traveled for a parcel might reduce on our network. Would that be a correct conclusion? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Overall, over the long arc of time, distance traveled per parcel will reduce anyway. 
ANSHUL AGARWAL:  
Got it. Thank you so much. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Shrinidhi Karlekar. Shrinidhi, please go 
ahead. 
SHRINIDHI KARLEKAR.  
Okay. Yes, Sahil. Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So, Sahil, you alluded to four 
or five very company-specific initiatives to drive up growth, particularly with the aim 
of gaining some shares. Would it be possible to elaborate a couple of them, which will 
you think are material and can have a higher impact on the growth? And also exactly 
what services you are offering and what are opportunities out there? Yeah. 
SAHIL BARUA: 
Yes. So fundamentally, these are, like I said, a couple of things. One is we will be 
expanding our regional surface NDD product with better cutoffs, which means, let's 
say you want to deliver out of Delhi and you want to deliver to, let's say, Hisar or you 
want to deliver to somewhere just outside Jaipur or so on. Today, we will be increasing 
the speed of that delivery operation. 
And the second is, so far, we have been a smaller participant overall pan-India on the 
air express segment. So we will, to a small degree, expand our air express product. 
We've largely been flying, for instance, mainly on non-prime flights. We will also 
expand to flying on prime flights, because I think there's a certain amount of demand 
for certain categories where people want products between, let's say, Delhi and 
Bombay next day, ordered in the evening, delivered in the day and the next day and 
so on. So that's the product that we will launch. That's one. The second is I've already 
spoken about is the product that we're piloting in Bangalore, which is the third-party 
intra-city rapid delivery product. 
The third, obviously, is fundamentally the data products that sit on Delhivery One, 
which is a way for e-commerce companies, obviously, the ones which care about these 
metrics to reduce return rates, for example, or to disambiguate addresses, and 
therefore, improve chances of delivery, thereby preventing reattempts. And the 
advantage is that these are services that Delhivery has built out for internal use. So 
we're really just externalizing them. And obviously, on the freight side, as well as on 
the parcel side, launching what is effectively a secure product or think of it as an 
insurance product. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
And the fourth, as I mentioned, is really expanding Delhivery's offline reach as well, 
which is really expanding the Delhivery franchise program. So far, our approach has 
always been really that e-commerce companies will discover us and will ship via 
Delhivery One and so on. And we have an online product, but we've discovered that 
there are very large numbers of small businesses across the country, who don't 
necessarily want to interact with the logistics company via this form of an interface. 
While we do have the Delhivery direct app, and there are many ways for them to 
approach Delhivery, some of them really want to have the neighborhood store, which 
has the ability to route into the country's largest courier, which is us. And so we will 
open up this program as well. So hopefully, you'll start seeing Delhivery around your 
neighborhood a lot more than you have so far. And we've pretty high hopes that that 
will enable SMEs and even individual consumers, to a large extent, to route their 
shipping needs and even some of the freight needs into the delivery network. 
SHRINIDHI KARLEKAR:  
Right. And also, you said something on the 3PL side as well, right, passing on some 
efficiencies, what you are exactly referring to there? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
3PL side? Apologies. 
SHRINIDHI KARLEKAR:  
Yes. So one of the initiatives you highlighted in earlier comments was like, some of 
the efficiency that you are gaining, you aim to pass on to some of your customers for 
a higher growth. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
No, no, sorry. I meant that in the PTL business, first of all, even without doing any of 
these things, we anticipate that the margins in the PTL business will continue to 
improve and we'll eventually get to the margins that we have in the Express Parcel 
business. But the advantage that we have is because we use more efficient form factors 
for delivery and because of the automation that we have in our key hubs, over a period 
of time at that stage, we anticipate that we should have a lower cost structure than 
other players in this industry. And if we discover those advantages, then we will have 
the ability to pass on some of those benefits back to our customers in the PTL space. 
SHRINIDHI KARLEKAR:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
Understood. And Sahil, last question, if I may, so you do talk about some of the 
inefficiencies having own captive network for e-commerce companies, but are you 
seeing in some of the cases where the realization, like for example, in heavy, are these 
guys realizing that maybe it's best to be outsourced on a selective product category or 
route basis? Is that kind of realization coming through or they're still looking at overall 
picture only? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Oh, it is starting to come through. And by the way, it's an interesting question that you 
ask. It is not just in heavy and not just in specific categories in heavy. So we are having 
this conversation, not just with obviously the two large marketplaces, but in general, 
even players who have historically relied on other unorganized third-party players to 
do the heavy category, we're discovering that these categories they want to outsource 
to us entirely. One good example, for example, is furniture, where we have a 
disproportionate share overall of the amount of furniture delivered across the country. 
The other interesting one is a lot of bicycles were bought in this period, mattresses, 
the heavy form of home category, again, is something that comes to us a lot. And 
interestingly, once we enter this category, the interesting thing is that we not only have 
the ability to provide huge efficiency and service to the marketplaces, but even to 
existing offline players in this space, which is where it starts becoming interesting. 
We're suddenly the logistics partner of choice, and we can go and have an 
unreasonable right to win with all mattress companies in India, because of the service 
that we provide. So yes, we are seeing that this sense is dawning. And I think over a 
period of time, for the captives to really realize cost benefits, this is the approach that 
we think they will take and they should take, which is to slowly identify which 
categories really do not fit within the captive network properly and to start outsourcing 
those en masse to Delhivery and to other players, perhaps. 
SHRINIDHI KARLEKAR:  
Okay. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the last question from Abhisek Banerjee. Abhishek, please go ahead. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Yeah, Sahil, just one question. With regards to, say, the rapid logistics, intra-city 
logistics that you spoke about, that there is a competitor which kind of claims that it 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
was, the network was built to handle that kind of a business, right? So what do you 
see as your right to win in that space? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sorry, I'm not sure I understand. You're saying that somebody has told you that their 
network is purpose-built to deliver four-hour delivery? 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
No, as in, they started off with quicker deliveries. Yes, one of your competitors. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
But what does that mean? We've always done same-day delivery. If you have a 
delivery station in Dwarka, and you have a customer in Dwarka today, even Delhivery 
will likely deliver that order in 15 minutes. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Okay. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I think that claim is bogus. There's absolutely no sort of difference. There's no specific 
sort of network design that is required to make sure that you can do a more rapid 
delivery. It's an absolutely outlandish claim. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Okay. Fair. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Delhivery's right to win, to be very clear, is that we are the largest logistics company 
in the country. We have delivery stations which are within two and a half kilometers 
of every consumer in every urban area in the country. And we have 50,000 bikers. So 
it's not a question of a specific network. I think this is, yes, there's no way. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Okay, fair enough. Also, to Amit, why have you taken the reversal into the other 
expenses and not as an exceptional item? 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
Because it was charged to the other expenses when we made the provision. That is 
where we have reversed it from. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Got it. And the working capital reduction that we have seen in this quarter, is that 
something you believe will continue, the 22 days odd which we are seeing now? Or 
do you expect it to revert back to a higher level? 
AMIT AGARWAL:  
So, I think exactly about a year ago, I had indicated that we will be able to reduce the 
working capital day by one to two days every year for the next two-three years, and 
we have been able to achieve that. The difference that you see in March that it 
increased, is due to seasonally high quarter-end for one of our consumer durable 
clients, where we ended up inbounding a lot of stuff and outbounding as well. So there 
is a very large revenue buildup that happens within the 15 days of March, because of 
which the receivables increase and payables decrease, because FTL placements are 
done as prepaid. So that's the primary reason. We expect to see this number to continue 
to improve by a day to two days every year. In both Express and PTL, we are very 
close to our steady-state working capital. There is not much room to improve. But in 
other businesses, supply chain services, FTL and cross-border, there is room to 
improve for us, which should result in one to two days reduction per year. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Understood, sir. And just one final question to Sahil again. So during the earlier part 
of the call, you kind of mentioned that most probably most of the disruption with 
regards to insourcing is behind us. In that case, is it fair to assume that your earlier 
guidance of 15% to 20% kind of revenue growth in Express Parcel can be achieved 
from H2 onwards or would you rather not go back to that? 
SAHIL BARUA: 
I think, look, it's hard to comment, because it will also depend on what happens to the 
market overall, et cetera. So I don't really know. And while certainly, I think that the 
bulk of the insourcing sort of problem is behind us, people make jerky moves. I don't 
think that it makes sense. I don't think it will happen. I think there's a nice equilibrium 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
Nov 14, 2024 
 
that we have all reached. So let's see. I'll have more information every quarter as we 
do these calls. 
ABHISEK BANERJEE:  
Fair enough. Thank you so much. Thanks. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you. 
MODERATOR: 
Thank you, everyone. That was the last question. Before we end, on behalf of 
Macquarie, I would like to thank Delhivery for the opportunity to host this earnings 
call. Over to you, Sahil, for any closing remarks. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you, Baiju. Thank you, Sheryl. Thank you to Macquarie for hosting us this 
evening. And thank you all for joining the call. 
  
 
