 
 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., Regd. Office: Plot No. 1367, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500033, Telangana, India  
Tel: +91-40-44333000       Fax: +91-40-23552358       Email: info@kellton.com       Website: www.kellton.com 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., Plot No. 404-405, 6th Floor, iLABS Centre, Udyog Vihar, Phase III, Gurugram-122016, Haryana, India 
 Tel: +91-124-4698900        Fax: + 91-124-4698949         CIN: L72200TG1993PLC016819 
 
To 
 
The General Manager,
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager,
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602 
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2/FY25 Earnings Call held on November 13, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q2/FY25 Earnings Call held on Wednesday 
November 13, 2024. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the same is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
This is for your information and record 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Niranjan Chintam 
Director 
DIN-01658591 
NIRANJAN 
REDDY CHINTAM
Digitally signed by 
NIRANJAN REDDY CHINTAM 
Date: 2024.11.14 15:43:53 
+05'30'

Kellton Tech Solutions Limited
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call
November 13, 2024
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kellton Tech Solutions Limited's Q2 & H1 FY
'25 Earnings Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on
your touchtone phone.
I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's Earnings Call for the 2nd
Quarter of the Financial Year 2025.
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the
statements
made
in
today's
concall
may
be
forward-looking
in
nature and such
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on the management's
beliefs as well as assumptions made from the information currently available to the
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's
earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's
fundamental business and a financial quarter under review.
Now, I would like to introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's
Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Niranjan Chintam – Chairman and Whole-Time Director,
Mr. Karanjit Singh – Chief Executive Officer (India), and Mr. Srinivas Potluri – Chief Executive
officer (US).
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Niranjan Chintam – Chairman and Whole-Time
Director, thank you and over to you, sir.
Niranjan Chintam:
Thank you, Neha. Good evening. Good Day to all. Thank you for joining our Q2 FY’25 Earnings
Call.
Just want to start off with the financial numbers and then we'll get into the operational details
and then I'll open up for Q&A.
First of all, I want to apologize ,there were some slight technical difficulties, so the call started
late. Also, I have a severe cold and cough so I may be coughing in the middle please excuse
me. I want to give that heads up already.
With that said, let me just go through the numbers:
For Q2, I'll start off with the quarter numbers and the six-monthly numbers.
The quarterly numbers:

We have a revenue of 270 crores close to 271 crores in this quarter. This is a growth of about
12.4% year-on-year. The EBITDA margin of 12.1% and the net profit of 19.6 crores. The PAT
margin for this quarter is 7.2% and the EPS for this quarter is of Rs. 2.6.
For the six-month numbers, the revenue is 533 crores, which is about 8.7% growth
year-on-year. EBITDA is 65 crores which is about an EBITDA margin of 12.2%, net profit of
about 39.6 crores and the PAT margin of 7.4%.
The EPS was about Rs.4.10. Again, comparatively if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, it
has gone up significantly.
Now coming to the operational highlights, we have about 5 clients wins. I'd like Karanjit to talk
about the client wins for this quarter, Karanjit.
Karnjit Singh:
Thank you Niranjan and hello everyone. So, I'll just give a little bit of a color on the client wins
that we had this quarter.
So, we've been selected by major gaming clients to modernize their existing Enterprise Data
warehouse and migrate it to the cloud, specifically to snowflakes. So, this is something that
they want a seamless cut over maintaining the same architecture, so this is a pretty significant
project for them and we're glad that we've been selected for it.
Similarly, we have been selected by a very major contract food services client to build a
critical kitchen operation system for them. So, this is something that we are completely
building from the ground up for them. And the idea is to ensure that we build a scalable
performance application with great user experience that helps them to align with their
clients’ expectations.
The other one that we have is an SAP type client which is basically selected to enhance the
SAP Warehouse Management System. And this is something that we'll be leveraging the core
SAP ABAP kind of expertise to facilitate first the development and then the deployment.
The other one that I would also like to mention is a major manufacturing client, a global
client, for whom we will be developing a system which will help them streamline their sales
and inventory management for about 2000 SKUs. So, this obviously is again a data project so
this integrates with multiple internal sources as can be expected of any large global enterprise
and this will help them get visibility and timely data and insights that will help them enhance
their efficiency.
So, these are the client wins and a little bit color on the kind of work and the solutions that
we will be helping these clients to implement. Thank you and back to you Niranjan.
Niranjan Chintam:
Thank you Karanjit. I know everybody probably is curious about what's going on with the US
Elections and the impact on Kelton or IT services in general. Can you just take that and answer
it upfront so that people get to understand what it means?
Srinivasan Potluri:
Sure Niranjan. Hello everyone. So, we have been waiting for the Elections to get done so that
the dependency and who is going to come, who is not going to come is all sorted out. Before
we go into what Trump’s Presidency might look like for Kelton, I want to say that there were
about four or five opportunities that we were going to sign last quarter, but due to the
uncertainty of the elections and so on, customers have pushed them to the right. So, we
expect to close all of them in this quarter and hopefully start some of them before the holiday
season in December. So, having said that, obviously Trump has come with the roaring

majority. He wants to provide deeper tax cuts for businesses as well as individuals, and his
campaign actually proposed lowering the corporate tax rate to 15% from its current 21%.
What does it mean for business in general? The economy will initially grow slightly faster
under Trump's plan to cut the corporate taxes, but over a long period of time that might
phase but the initial reaction would be that there will be a lot of spending from businesses
and corporations. And we expect to take advantage of that from an IT perspective from an
implementation perspective. So, that is an immediate impact. You might have seen that the
S&P has jumped up 2.2% immediately after the declaration of Trump’s win. So, obviously all of
these are indicators that in the initial phase of Trump's Presidency we will see some growth
happening in the US Economy.
Niranjan Chintam:
Thank you, Srini. Thanks. So, now I want to open up for questions. Neha, can you open up for
questions?
Moderator:
Yes, for sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The
first question is from the line of Narendra from Rubio Capital. Please go ahead.
Narendra:
Thanks for the opportunity and so congratulations for the set of numbers. So, my question is
both the outcome of the election in the US, so how achievable is the $200 million target that
we had set, how achievable does that look and what is the timeframe that we are looking at?
Because I believe the order inflow should start picking up going ahead.
Niranjan Chintam:
So, let me answer it in a different way. Maybe like Srini pointed out right. Some of the
decisions that were pending for closure or sign off will be accelerated now. They were just
waiting because clients were uncertain about and wanted to get this election over with. They
wanted to know who is going to win, what the impact on the business is going to be because
both these personalities had different visions of what the taxation is going to be, what it
means for businesses and all that stuff. Now that is sorted out, everybody knows what Trump
is and what his agenda is. We are hoping that the economy is going to be opening up. Interest
rates will open up and like Srini said taxation will be reduced. That means that there will be
quicker acceleration in the initial phases, like Srini was talking about. So, our thing is we have
set ourselves certain targets for next year and in line with whatever we are progressing now,
we will be on a similar path to get to the 200 million. It will be a slightly let's say aggressive
target we can take from next year compared to what we had earlier. But to answer your
question, probably we are looking at two financial years is what it's going to be. I'm not
counting this financial year as one where we should be able to achieve those numbers.
Narendra:
When would be a fair assumption, 2027 we will be a $200 million company.
Niranjan Chintam:
Yes, we should be in the calendar year ‘27, yes.
Narendra:
Any other headwinds you see and also what kind of margins are we looking at when we hit
that $200 million target?
Niranjan Chintam:
I don't want to give a specific number, but as you see quarter-on-quarter, we have been
improving our margins. Because we did some realignment of our bench, realignment of some
of the business offerings that we are doing. We are also targeting this is something that for
the financial year, we are looking at and we have given a target to all our CEOs operations,
sales related leadership that we want to reduce the number of customers while increasing per
customer revenue. So, that also reduces some of the overheads. So, we anticipate that the

EBITDA numbers are going to be much better than where we are today for the next following
years.
Narendra:
Any other headwinds that we see going on that could impact our….
Niranjan Chintam:
There is always going to be uncertainty, right? You can't expect, what is the unknown at this
point? I don't know. But initial buoyancy will start the calendar year I want to say 2025. I want
to make sure that I'm differentiating between the financial year and the calendar year when
the Trump presidency takes off. And there'll be a lot of buzz around in the industry because
there is going to be some wait and watch from whatever the campaign promises made to
implementation, right? We want to see how that happens and then we believe that it's going
to be stabilizing and business should improve. People have been just waiting and holding back
on spending. Now they'll open up.
Narendra:
Just final one clarification. So, if everything goes as promised by Mr. Trump, right, so
everything should be positive for us. If I'm not wrong, I am just clarifying that.
Karnjit Singh:
That is correct.
Niranjan Chintam:
So, the only headwinds that we faced with Europe, Europe is still struggling, right, while we're
still struggling, we don't know when it's going to come out of it. The baggage of Ukraine, how
long it will continue in Europe, we don't know. We've been, for lack of a better word, on a flat
line when it comes to Europe. We had so much growth that we anticipated as well as the
pipeline that we anticipated has never materialized because of the Ukraine war that
happened and the economy is shrinking there rapidly. What does that mean? Would Europe
step up and take the whole baggage that the US was taking? We don't know. So, at this point,
that's the only headwind that we see.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line Dharani, an individual investor. Please go ahead.
Dharani:
My question is the promoter stake has been increasing over the quarter, like it has reduced
from 51.68% in the last quarter to 40.82% in the September quarter. So, I just wanted to know
the reason why it has been reducing and over the years, if I look at it, it has reduced from
around 60% to 62% to 40% currently.
Niranjan Chintam:
We did some selling of our shares last quarter. That's the partial reflection of that and partial
reflection is related to some of our reporting requirements we have done. Other than that
there's nothing else. To answer your question about 60 to where it is now, that is, we've been
reporting that consistently, it's nothing that we have not reported. Everything has been
reported. It is just over a period of time there were some sales that happened and that is
reflected and also some dilution because of employee stock options that were issued. So,
there's a dilution because of that.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant, I now hand the conference
over to Mr. Niranjan Chintam for closing comments.
Niranjan Chintam:
Folks, sorry, I apologize again. I've been coughing on the call. Thank you for joining this
quarter to the Earnings Report. So, we'll be happy to get you on another call in the next
quarter or if you are in Hyderabad and or Gurgaon, please look us up. We'll be happy to talk
to you and answer any further questions you might have. Thank you again, goodbye.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of Kelton Tech Solution Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
