GPT Healthcare Limited                            
Regd. Office: GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN : L70101WB1989PLC047402 
 
       Phone : +91-33-4050-7000, Email : info@gptgroup.co.in , Visit us: www.gptgroup.co.in   
 
 
GPTHEALTH/CS/SE/2024-25  
 
 
                
 
November 19, 2024 
The Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 544131 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: GPTHEALTH 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
Subject: Update on Conference Call held on November 14, 2024 – Call Transcript 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of 
Conference Call held on Thursday, November 14, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
 
For GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
Ankur Sharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No A31833 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANKUR 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by ANKUR 
SHARMA 
Date: 2024.11.19 
10:10:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“GPT Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL TANTIA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GPT HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANURAG TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – GPT 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MRS. KRITI TANTIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
GPT HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. AMAN – PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GPT Healthcare Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital. As a reminder, all participant line will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
Please note that this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are 
completely based upon our beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are 
not a guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect 
developments that occur after a statement is made. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aman 
from PhillipCapital India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aman: 
Thank you, Shifa. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client Group, I 
welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of GPT Healthcare Limited. 
 
From the management, we have Mr. Atul Tantia, Group CFO, Mr. Anurag Tantia, Executive 
Director and Mrs. Kriti Tantia, CFO. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Tantia for his 
opening remarks and we will then open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Over to 
you, Mr. Tantia. 
Management: 
Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone and welcome to GPT Healthcare Limited's Earnings 
Conference Call for the second quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024. We extend 
our appreciation to PhillipCapital Private Client Group for hosting this call. 
 
We also have with us on call our Investor Relations Advisor, Stellar IR. GPT Healthcare Limited 
is the healthcare arm of GPT Group. We are driven by the ethos to provide quality healthcare, 
particularly in the underserved regions like Eastern India through our neighbor tertiary care 
hospitals. 
 
The PAT for Q2 has increased by 10% on a Y-o-Y to INR15 crores. The ALOS has reduced 
from 3.98 in H1 last year to 3.51 in H1 2025. The same is on account of our continuous efforts 
towards changing the case mix. Revenues for Q2 FY25 stood at INR106 crores with EBITDA 
of INR26 crores and a margin of 24%. PAT for H1 stood at INR25 crores with a 12% PAT 
margin and the first six months witnessed a 5.2% year-on-year growth. EBITDA margin has 
increased by 80 basis points to 24.2% with a slight increase of 2% in EBITDA for the quarter to 
INR26.3 crores. 
 
Finance costs have come down by 58% on account of reduction of debt reflecting our efficient 
financial management. We continue to remain on track to achieve the return on equity of 20% 
and ROCE of 25% for the full year with ROE of 11% and ROCE of 15% for the half-year ended 
September 30, 2024. The existing four hospitals in Salt Lake, Agartala, Dum Dum and Howrah 
are improving in all financial and operational metrics. 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Notably, our ARPOB stands at INR36,700, aligned with our commitment to serving the aspiring 
population of the society with higher disposable income in the middle to higher income segment. 
Moreover, due to our neighbourhood model, approximately 94% of our patient business 
continues to be from cash and insurance-paying patients only. 
 
The company-level bed occupancy rates stood at 54% on an amalgamated basis. Coming to the 
hospital-wise performance, ILS Hospital Salt Lake is an 85-bed surgical excellence hospital. 
The ARPOB for this hospital has risen from INR33,850 to almost INR39,500 in H1 FY25. 
Additionally, there has been a 13% increase in patient volume in comparison to trailing H2. 
 
In our pursuit of optimizing services, we have been able to reduce our length of stay to 2.77 days 
from 3.19 on a Y-o-Y basis. The Agartala Hospital has the presence of 66 critical care beds 
across all bed categories and has commenced its journey towards providing full-fledged 
oncology services with the commissioning of the PET CT in November 2024. The radiation 
oncology components are under insulation and would be commissioned in Q4 FY25. 
 
The inpatient volumes have increased by 12% on a quarter-and-quarter basis, combined with a 
reduction of length of stay to 3.08 days from 3.35 days. The Dum Dum Hospital has recorded 
an ARPOB of approximately INR41,400 for the quarter. 
 
In line with our intent to reduce the length of stay of this hospital, the length of stay has reduced 
to 4.43 days compared to 5.22 in the same quarter last year. This has correspondingly led to a 
slight dip in occupancy as well, despite overall inpatient volumes increasing. The company 
intends to commence a full-fledged cardiothoracic surgery setup and is revamping its other 
clinical offerings in this hospital as well to further strengthen its scope of service. 
 
The Howrah Hospital is growing continuously with hospital revenue and patient volume rising. 
We are in the process of procuring an orthopedic surgical robot for this hospital as well. The 
facility shall be available by the end of the year. 
 
The inpatient volume has seen an increase of almost 22.8% from the previous quarter. ARPOB 
of H1 FY25 has increased by 21% on a Y-o-Y basis and the length of stay has also come down 
to 3.31 days compared to 3.87 days in the previous fiscal. As previously announced, we are 
steadfast to become a 1,000-bed hospital chain within the next 2-3 years. 
 
The Raipur Hospital, a 160-bed facility, will commence operations from Q4 FY25. This target 
underscores our commitment to scaling our operations and reaching more communities in need 
for quality healthcare services. By expanding our footprint and enhancing our capabilities, we 
aim to make a meaningful impact on healthcare accessibility and patient outcomes across the 
eastern Indian region. 
 
This vision drives us forward, guiding our strategic decisions and ensuring that we continue to 
lead the way in delivering excellence in healthcare. Thank you for your attention and I look 
forward to addressing any questions you may have. With this, I conclude my opening remarks 
and look forward to addressing any questions you might have regarding our financial 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
performance and future prospects. I will request the moderator to kindly open the floor to 
questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. The first question we have is from the line of Naman from Nine Rivers 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Naman: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. So now that we have our ALOS at a group level, at an 
optimal level of around 3.5 to 3.6 days and we are still seeing compression on the occupancy 
sites across our facilities, so what is the last financial year I'm comparing? So could you elaborate 
on the primary challenges we are facing in terms of ramping up the occupancies across our 
hospitals and what is the scale-up that we are targeting from here on? 
Management: 
Good evening. Thank you, Naman, for the question. So yes, as correctly pointed out by you, the 
length of stay has come down overall across all hospitals. This is an intentional strategy deployed 
by us to optimize our product mix. Because of this, we've been able to focus on short-stay 
surgeries and if you see, we have been able to increase our volumes. Now, because of the length 
of stay coming down, the occupancy is seen to dip, for which we are now in a position to take 
additional patients. 
 
We are focusing on other short-stay departments like gastroenterology, urology, and are ramping 
up numbers. Overall, the length of the stay coming down is a good phenomenon for us as we 
will be in a position to take more patients across all our hospitals. 
Naman: 
Okay, but on a revenue basis, we are almost flattish for the first half. So, I mean, with the ALOS 
coming down and occupancy having a relation to that coming down, how are we seeing the 
revenue ramp up from here in terms of the occupancy scale-up in the newer hospitals as well as 
our existing ones? 
Management: 
So, if you see, there has been a consistent improvement in our inpatient volumes across all 
hospitals. Salt Lake Hospital has increased by almost 8.4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
Agartala by 11.8%, Howrah, which is a new hospital, by almost 23%. So, there is an increase in 
the patient volumes as we are seeing. It is just a time constraint by which we will be able to push 
the volumes even further and increase the occupancy. 
Naman: 
Okay, and secondly, how is the competitive landscape evolving in our key operational areas? 
Are we seeing any bigger players entering into the nearby regions? 
Management: 
So, there has been a change in the competitive landscape with the acquisition of AMRI hospitals 
by Manipal. That is the only change which we have seen in the eastern part of the country. Apart 
from that, Manipal has also acquired Medical Hospitals. So, Manipal has become a force in the 
eastern part of the country over the past one or two years. Apart from that, there has not been 
any other change in the landscape as such. 
Naman: 
Got it. That is helpful. And the last question is that in a previous presentation, we had outlined 
expansion plans for Ranchi hospitals. However, in the latest presentation, we have not mentioned 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
about that. So, has the Ranchi expansion been cancelled? And if so, could you explain the 
rationale behind that? 
Management: 
No, the Ranchi expansion has not been cancelled. I think we are awaiting some regulatory 
clearances from the government of Jharkhand. Currently, there are elections in Jharkhand. So, 
that process is getting delayed. As soon as we have some clarity on the regulatory approvals, we 
will update the investors accordingly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have a question from Akshay Thakur, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Hi, sir. thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is pertaining to the insurance scheme in 
the state of West Bengal. As per my knowledge, the PMJAY scheme is not yet accepted by the 
West Bengal. So, can you throw some light on what scheme is most applicable by the 
government of West Bengal? And how is it financed? Any challenges on that front? 
Management: 
So, healthcare is a state subject and every state has its own scheme with regards to the universal 
health insurance. West Bengal has a scheme called Swasthya Sathi by which is very similar to 
Ayushman Bharat where people under a particular income category are covered by it. So, that is 
what is the predominant healthcare scheme in West Bengal. Apart from that, in our other 
hospitals of Agartala and even in Raipur, we do have PMJAY which is applicable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question, sir. Mainly related to the occupancy level coming down 
and ALOS is you are increasing. What is the strategy when we see the occupancies are already 
at a lower level and you want to bring down your average stay of the patient? 
Management: 
So, reducing the average length of the stay of patient is a function which is improving the overall 
efficiency of patient stay, patient experience. Through this mechanism, we are being able to 
increase our ARPOB as well. We are avoiding patients unnecessarily staying in the hospital 
because if you understand the hospital mechanism, the primary revenue generated from a patient 
is in the initial two days itself. 
 
After that, the revenue add-on on a marginal basis is very minuscule. That is the reason we have 
been focusing on short-stay departments and thereby we have been able to increase our ARPOB 
as well. Another thing which happens as a result of the reduction in length of stay is that the 
hospitals are now in a position to take on more patients. 
 
Unfortunately, in the previous quarter, because of local issues and some natural calamities in the 
areas where we end up operating in, we could not get the volumes which we generally end up 
getting in quarter 2. But hopefully, with the situation having been corrected, we can see an uptick 
in the volumes from this quarter which will end up giving you that effect you are wanting to see. 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. See, what I was asking was that the Howrah Hospital already has a very low occupancy. Is 
it the right time to bring down the ALOS over there or at a company level, you are putting up 
some strategy that is why you are changing all these parameters? 
Management: 
It is a move to improve the overall ARPOB across hospitals and improve the patient experience. 
If a patient is able to get back home faster rather than having an extended stay, that is an 
experience benefit which we are ultimately getting from our stakeholders. So, it is an overall 
company strategy which is being deployed and it will give us dividends in the long run. 
Sunil Jain: 
That can improve your reputation and in the long run, it can benefit you. 
Management: 
And if you see as a by-product of that, you can see that our EBITDA for this quarter has also 
gone up, which is an effect of the ARPOB increasing and the length of stay coming down. 
Sunil Jain: 
Sir, any impact of Bangladesh in this particular quarter? 
Management: 
There was an impact. As I told you, there were certain local influences and natural calamities 
which ended up impacting our functioning. Bangladesh was one of them. The situation in 
Bangladesh caused a decrease in the patient volumes which we generally end up getting in our 
Agartala Hospital from Bangladesh. But things are improving and the patient flow is starting 
again from Bangladesh. 
Sunil Jain: 
Any quantification you can do to see how much Bangladesh might have impacted you? 
Management: 
So, roughly, Bangladesh volumes in our Agartala Hospital is almost 5% of our patient volumes, 
which was impacted in the month of August and September. It is in November that we are seeing 
a re-trickling of that again. 
Sunil Jain: 
And one data question. Is it possible for you to share occupancy level for the last year's second 
quarter? 
Management: 
We'll get back to you in the queue for this one, please. 
Sunil Jain: 
And the last question is, since already one and a half month has gone, we had a revenue growth 
target of somewhere near double digits. So, since first half is more of a flattish, at least in the 
second half, we can see double digit growth? 
Management: 
Hopefully, we should be able to deliver on that. First half was slightly out of our control because 
of the local issues and the floods in Tripura. Hopefully, we should be able to deliver in the second 
half, and especially with the Raipur hospital being commissioned in Q4, that should add more 
flip to the functioning.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have a question from Siddhi Gandhi from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
Hello, and thank you for giving me the opportunity. So, my first question was that, can you talk 
about the specialties or surgeries or any particular patient type that you intend to build? Or focus 
to optimize on the ARPOB or something related to that? 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Management: 
So, thank you for the question. This is something which has a different strategy across all our 
hospitals. Now, for example, in Howrah, as I said in my speech as well, we are investing in a 
surgical robot, which is purely for orthopedics. So, this by itself should end up reducing the 
length of stay and increasing the ARPOB of orthopedic knee replacements. We will be able to 
provide high quality clinical care for replacements through this robot. 
 
Apart from that, we have been focusing on short stay departments like gastroenterology in Salt 
Lake and cardiology in our Dum Dum hospital as well. So, these are strategies which are 
different for different hospitals and are at play. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
Okay. And just to talk about the new oncology hospital that we have added at Agartala. So, what 
could be the revenue potential and is the block commercialized yet? 
Management: 
So, it is not a new hospital, it is a new block which we are adding to our existing hospital. This 
block should end up impacting patient volumes across the hospital, because oncology has a dip 
down effect not just on pure play oncology, but across all specialties as well. 
 
We have already started with the PET scan for this department and we are awaiting the 
installation of the LINAC. Once the oncology department is in full-fledged operations, we 
expect it to give a revenue of almost 20 crores annually after its maturity. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
And when will it start working full-fledged? Any timeline for that? 
Management: 
So, as I said, the PET scan is already on and the LINAC is under commissioning. We hope that 
we will be able to commence the full-fledged operations by February of '25 and then it might 
take almost 6 to 8 months for it to mature. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
Understood. And going to Raipur, so the Ranchi expected to commercialize soon and how long 
will it take to become the EBITDA positive and actually contribute to the net earning? 
Management: 
So, the upcoming hospital which we are looking at commissioning soon is that of Raipur, which 
we are looking at commissioning by Q4 FY '25, so around February, March. Generally, our 
hospitals, our latest hospital of Howrah broke-even in 8 months from the rate of commissioning 
on an EBITDA basis on a month-on-month level, but we understand Raipur will be a new market 
for us. We are hoping that we will be able to break even by around the 15-16 month mark, post 
which it should contribute positively to the EBITDA of the hospital. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
Okay. And also, could you comment a bit on what is your current maintenance capex and do 
you intend to increase or decrease any of it? 
Management: 
The current maintenance capex varies between INR8 crores to INR10 crores on an annual basis. 
This is more or less standard. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
Okay. And on the similar lines, what is the upgradation capex that, probably you might be 
needing for any particular case or because, you all are adding some superior case metrics, so any 
particular capex for that? 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Management: 
It is already built into this. 
Siddhi Gandhi: 
Okay. I think for now I am done. If there are any, I will get back to you. Thank you so much. 
Very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I have a question from Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Jainil Shah: 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the acquisition, is there any 
update on, our inorganic expansion? 
Management: 
Thank you for the question, Jainil. As of now, there is no update on the acquisition. We are 
evaluating opportunities. Unfortunately, we have not been able to close one at this point. 
Jainil Shah: 
So any, probably timeline or you are expecting anything this year or any color on that? 
Management: 
It is very difficult to end up giving an exact timeline. We, as I said, we are evaluating 
opportunities. What will click at which point is very difficult to say, but we are, as I said in 
conference call also, we are fixated on our growth path of becoming a 1000-bed chain by 2027. 
Jainil Shah: 
Okay. And can you provide the hospital level margins? 
Management: 
At this point, it will be difficult to provide that. We can get back to you offline for this. 
Jainil Shah: 
Okay. Sure. And just one last. In Howrah, we are still at a very low occupancy. Is there any, 
department or therapy that we need to add or do you think you should add that to get more 
patients or probably get some government business to, at least ramp it up? 
Management: 
So, Howrah has been increasing in patient volumes. That combined with the reduction in length 
of stay is actually causing the overall occupancy metrics to dip. But overall, there has been 
growth in that hospital. And we are seeing, we are expecting good growth down the line as well. 
As a step towards increasing the overall service metrics in that hospital, we are installing an 
orthopedic robot as well, which is one of the best in the industry at this point. This should further 
add impetus to the growth of that hospital. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sure. Just one last. Were there any strikes or disruption in Kolkata hospitals or any of the 
hospitals? 
Management: 
There was an unstable environment in Q2 on account of local situations. So, which did end up 
impacting operations for us. So, and there was no strike. Yes, doctors were protesting, but there 
was no strike in any of our hospitals. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sure. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have a question from Mr. Aman from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Aman: 
Yes, thank you. I just had a question on the therapy mix that we work with. So, could you just 
provide a brief split of, the top therapies that you work with in terms of revenue share? 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Management: 
So, the top 10 specialties are diversified. 80% of our revenue comes from the, from 10 
departments, a majority of which are gastroenterology, general surgery, nephrology, cardiology. 
So, a detailed mix can be given to you offline for this, but we have contributions across all 
specialties towards 80% of our revenue. 
Aman: 
So, are we planning any sort of mix change, in terms of shifting towards, let's say, the higher 
end of the surgeries, orthopedics or someone, something along the line? And if yes, what do you 
expect that share to be? 
Management: 
So, as said previously also, we are focusing on short-stay departments, which will end up 
increasing our ARPOB. Orthopaedics is one of them. Definitely, we are installing a surgical 
robot focused on orthopaedics in our Howrah Hospital, which should definitely add a lot of value 
in terms of the orthopaedic contribution to our departmental mix. 
 
Apart from that, we are focusing on cardiology as well in our Dum Dum Hospital. We have 
recently associated with one of the pioneers in cardiology in Eastern India as well, who has 
joined us full-time. That should add a lot of value to our cardiology program in Dum Dum as 
well. 
 
Along with that, we will be starting cardiothoracic surgeries also in our Dum Dum Hospital. 
This combined with the already ongoing program of renal transplant in the hospital will further 
strengthen the clinical abilities of that hospital. In Agartala, we are starting oncology services, 
which by itself should add a lot of potential in terms of revenue for that hospital. And with 
oncology coming in, there will be a good amount of impetus to other departments like surgical 
oncology, even critical care. 
Aman: 
Okay. And sir, just last one from my end would be on the Kolkata Micro Market. I mean, if you 
look at your peers, they have been able to garner better occupancy numbers. So, could you just 
shed some light on where we are in terms of garnering that occupancy numbers or garnering that 
foot traffic? 
Management: 
I think we are very well placed compared to Kolkata peers. If you're looking at the Kolkata 
Micro Market, our occupancy numbers are at par, if not better, compared to our peers in Kolkata. 
Q2 had an impact in the entire Micro Market of Kolkata on account of the disturbances which 
were there. So, that is something all our peers have had to face as well. So, from a peer 
comparison point of view in the Kolkata Micro Market, we are better off, if not at par with 
compared to them. 
Aman: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Management: 
Allright. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Aman for closing comments. 

 
 
GPT Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Aman: 
Thank you. So, on behalf of PhillipCapital India, we thank all the participants for your valuable 
time and especially the management of GPT Healthcare Limited. Before we close, we would 
like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing remarks. 
Management: 
Thank you everyone for your questions, which I hope we have suitably addressed. In case you 
have any further queries, please get in touch with us on or through our IR Advisors. Thank you 
for your continued support and trust in our company's vision and capabilities. Together, we look 
forward to achieving new milestones and creating lasting value. Thank you and have a good day 
ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of PhillipCapital, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
