 
18th November, 2024 
 
To, 
The BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor New Trading Building, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
Corporate Communications, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code : 541929  
 
 
 
Security ID : SGIL 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited Financial 
Results for the Quarter and Half-Year ended on September 30, 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated November 12, 2024 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated November 15, 2024. 
 
In terms of the subject referred regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on November 14, 2024 with Analysts / Investors on Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Half-Year ended on September 30, 
2024. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(www.synergygreenind.com) which can be accessed at the following link: 
Link: https://synergygreenind.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/AudioCall_InvestorMeet_14112024.m4a 
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Synergy Green Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Nilesh M. Mankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Memb.No.A39928 
 
Nilesh Mohan 
Mankar
Digitally signed by 
Nilesh Mohan Mankar 
Date: 2024.11.18 
10:53:51 +05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
“SYENRGY GREEN INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED Q2 FY 2025 EARNING CALL” 
14 NOVEMBER, 2024 
 
E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 15th November 2024 will prevail. 
 
MANAGEMENT:
MR. V.S. REDDY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SYNERGY GREEN INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MS. SHREYA SHIRGAOKAR, MANAGEMENT EXECUIVE  
MR. NILESH MANKAR, COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Moderator : Hello everyone, thank you for joining the call. I, Rima PaƟl from Admin funcƟon of Synergy 
Green, will be moderaƟng today’s session. Before we begin, I would like to inform you that we will be 
recording this call and in case any parƟcipants are not comfortable, may feel free to drop oﬀ before we 
start the recording. Thank you for your understanding. Today’s meeƟng Agenda will be -ﬁrst Brief 
IntroducƟon of organizaƟon, second Investor PresentaƟon and last will be Q&A Session. 
I would like to share the Guidelines for the call i.e. all ParƟcipants are kept on LISTEN ONLY MODE by the 
Host, all ParƟcipants are requested NOT to RECORD the CALL, quesƟons from the ParƟcipants will be 
addressed in the Q&A Session at the END of the Investor PresentaƟon by the management, during the 
Q&A session, we request you to INTRODUCE yourself with your name, organizaƟon and then your 
quesƟon, parƟcipants having MulƟple QuesƟons can EMAIL us and management will make best possible 
eﬀorts to respond within 7 days, the EMAIL ID menƟoned in CHAT BOX. Dear ParƟcipants, Welcome to the 
Q2 FY 25 Earnings Call & Investor PresentaƟon of Synergy Green Industries Ltd. Synergy Green Industries 
Ltd is India’s one of the leading state-of-the-art foundries producing SG Iron, Grey Iron and Steel 
casƟngs for wind turbines, wind gear box and general engineering industries in the weight range of 3 to 
30 metric tonnes. Synergy Green has an installed capacity of 30,000 MT per annum and is in the process 
of upgrading to 45,000 MT. The company houses best-in-class equipment, IT infrastructure and quality 

 
2 
 
tesƟng faciliƟes and is a top-supplier to major wind OEMs as well as leading gear box players in the world. 
SGIL is a part of the Shirgaokar Group, which has diversiﬁed business interests over its 80+ years history 
spanning across sugar manufacturing, foundries, hospitality and market research, among others. Today, 
we are having with us Mr. V Srinivasa Reddy, ExecuƟve Director. Mr. Reddy is a B Tech in Mechanical 
Engineering, M Tech in Manufacturing and ExecuƟve MBA from IIM Bangalore. He has over 30 years of 
experience in manufacturing of large casƟngs. Over his career, he has worked for corporates like L&T, ISGEC 
& Simplex in establishing plants and managing businesses before joining Synergy Green from incepƟon. 
Ms. Shreya Shirgaokar, Management ExecuƟve. Ms. Shirgaokar has completed her MBA in Finance and has 
worked with DeloiƩe as part of their Energy & Industrials Research team for over 3.5 years before joining 
Synergy in 2023. Mr. Nilesh Mankar, Company Secretary. Mr. Nilesh Mohan Mankar is Company Secretary 
and also completed MBA from Indira Gandhi NaƟonal Open University. He has an overall experience of 10 
years in the secretarial maƩers of our Company. Now Ms. Shreya will be presenƟng us the HIGHLIGHTS for 
Q2 Earnings and take us through the key areas of development in the Investor PresentaƟon.  
 
Shreya Shirgaokar: Thank you, Rima, for the introducƟon. So I'll be going over the key highlights of the 
second quarter presentaƟon. The 1st thing I'll cover is the industry overview. Then we'll go on to the 
company proﬁle and brief, and then ﬁnally, we'll talk about the business performance. 
So, as we know, climate change is not the future, but it's here with us, and renewables are the way forward 
for us, and the energy transiƟon to renewables is already underway, and renewables are projected to form 
a part of about 70% of the overall global electricity generaƟon uh power source by 2050. Talking about 
the India and wind global and global wind installaƟons in 2023 India and global wind installaƟons grew by 
over 50%, in 2024, India has sustained such a growth and also there is promising growth at a global at a 
global level in terms of insƟtuƟons. 
 
Brieﬂy, looking over the kind of casƟngs demand at approval level as well as by industry, synergy is in a 
posiƟon to cater to a broader casƟngs market and if we look at the overall country wise demand, of course, 
China is heading with India in the second posiƟon, and the total overall casƟngs demand from wind is 
expected to be 1.5 million metric tons, and it's expected to cross 2.3 million metric tons in the next 5 years. 
Similarly, not just looking at the wind part of it, but looking at the large casƟngs market. This is esƟmated 
to be over 8 million metric tons. So large casƟngs are where we, as synergy, are posiƟoned to cater to, and 
that demand is even higher for us. 
I'll brieﬂy go over the company proﬁle. We have state of the art faciliƟes at synergy as well as best IT 
Infrastructure and an MBL cerƟﬁed quality tesƟng faciliƟes. Something I'd like to highlight here is that 
we've also recently acquired the TPG CerƟﬁcaƟon, which is a very stringent quality cerƟﬁcaƟon for 
transportaƟon and power GeneraƟon supply chains. Besides this, we've also acquired our Iso 27,001, 
which is the informaƟon security management system, cerƟﬁcaƟon as well as the Iso 50,001, which is the 
energy management system. A glance at our product Mix, 70% of our casƟngs go to wind components and 
another 15% goes to Gearbox casƟngs, and the balance goes to nonwind casƟngs which are spread across 
mining plasƟc injecƟon machines, pumps, as well as other general engineering applicaƟons. So, this is the 
overall spread of the products that we are manufacturing. 

 
3 
 
Now, our customers are deﬁnitely are one of our greatest strengths. And out of the total top 10 global 
wind OEM’s, we have 50% of them in our customer basket. So, they're already our customers. Just to call 
out a few names would be Vestas, Nordex, Siemens Gamesa etc. Besides this, we also have ﬂender and zf, 
which are the leading Gearbox manufacturers, and then in the nonwind segment we have, Terex, Millecron 
and Mather & PaƩ Willow. These are some of the leaders in their parƟcular segments as well, and they 
are a part of our customer basket. We're also in the process of onboarding envision and Nordex. 
 
Here's a brief overview of the swot analysis that we've done so. For example, the strengths for our 
organizaƟon are that we've already established products with top global OEM’s, like I menƟoned, we have 
the ability to produce large casƟngs up to 30 metric tons. A couple of weaknesses that I we'd like to 
highlight and then also what we're doing to overcome them. So limited capacity as compared to our peers. 
So right now, we have a 30,000 ton per annum capacity. We are in the process of expanding this to 45,000 
tons. Currently a hundred percent of our machining acƟviƟes are geƫng outsourced. However, the 
addiƟonal 10,000 tons that we're adding is something that we're planning to take inhouse, which will also 
sort of overcome a part of this. OpportuniƟes for us is deﬁnitely the fact that there is a very high entry 
barrier for the kind of business that we're in. So, while there is a lot of growth in renewable's, there's also 
high entry barriers. and of course, India is being converted as a manufacturing hub. This oﬀers a lot of 
growing and sort of stable casƟng demand. A threat would be that 80% of the business is coming from the 
wind industry. Of course, we have also made sure to have a diversiﬁed products mix with non wind as well 
as gearbox customers in our basket, and volaƟle commodity prices. 
So, with this brief and quick industry and company proﬁle, I'll jump into the business performance and go 
through the summary of unaudited ﬁnancial results for the 1st half of the ﬁnancial year 2024-25. 
looking at a quarterly performance basis, this has been one of the good quarters for synergy in our history. 
If we compare it directly with the corresponding period of the second quarter of Fy. 2023-24, we've had a 
23.5% growth in revenue. Similarly, our PBDIT has also grown by 25% to Rs.13.21 crores in this quarter. If 
we take a look at the PBDIT margins, then the margins, comparing directly with the corresponding quarter 
last year, has slightly improved or remained stable. If the margins are compared directly with the previous 
quarter, we have again performed beƩer, more than around 1.5% higher in that sense. Coming down to 
the proﬁt before tax, this is also an area which we'd like to call out, which we've had a jump of 42.5% over 
the same quarter last year, and the PBT stands at Rs.6.23 crores at the end of the second quarter. Looking 
at the results for the enƟre 1st half of this year versus the 1st half of the previous year the total revenue 
has gone up by 7.5%. Something to call out over here would be that the PBDIT margins have increased in 
a higher proporƟon by 16%, and we stand at Rs.23.73 Crores. Similarly, our PBDIT margins have expanded 
by more than 1%. The PBT for the 1st half of this year has gone up by 28.5% as compared to the 
corresponding period of the previous year. So, these are some of the ﬁgures, like quickly that we've just 
called out from our unaudited ﬁnancial uh results. We'll dive deep into these in the next slide. 
Where we're looking at an overview of our ﬁnancials on the leŌ hand side we've put our revenue streams 
into 5 diﬀerent baskets which is wind, domesƟc OEM exports, direct exports of casƟngs, Gearbox, and 
then non-wind. Just looking at the broader level ﬁgures like I menƟoned in the previous slide, we've had 
a 7.5% growth in the 1st half of this year in terms of revenue over the 1st half of the previous year. Now, 
looking at the diﬀerent segments over here in terms of the OEM exports, direct exports as well as Gearbox, 

 
4 
 
we've performed in line with our expectaƟons, and what was called out. So, for instance, the OEM exports 
are stable. Whereas the direct exports have more than doubled. Similarly, Gearbox has also revenues from 
Gearbox have also nearly doubled. There has been a moderaƟon in demand from a couple of customers 
in both of these baskets i.e. wind and non wind. So that is the reason why there is a slight lag in 
performance in these 2 speciﬁc segments, but the other segments we've sort of recovered or done well, 
to cover this up. Looking at the overall expectaƟon of the executable order book projecƟon for the enƟre 
F.Y. 2024-2025, we're expecƟng revenue to be at around Rs.370 crores and for F.Y. 2025-2026, based on 
the order book projecƟons as well as the schedules that are already available with us, we're expecƟng 
around 450 crores in revenues. Looking at the PBDIT over the period, there has been a 16% jump in the 
1st half of this year versus the 1st half of the previous year and PBDIT margins as well have expanded. 
They've gone up from 13.05% to 14.13%. For the rest of the year, or for the overall F.Y. 2025, we are 
expecƟng around 200 basis points of margin expansion over F.Y.2024. Talking about the cost structure and 
the Capex plan, the overall Capex that we've planned in the upcoming year for the foundry is, we've 
allocated around Rs.60 crores. This is mainly for the capacity expansion, like we menƟoned, from 30,000 
to 45,000 tons. Now, inhouse machining is something that we're establishing and to establish this around 
10,000 tons per annum is something that we're targeƟng. As you know, the 1st phase we are allocaƟng 
around Rs.67 crores and then ﬁnally, the capƟve renewable power where we're invesƟng in Solar Project. 
In the previous ﬁnancial year, we were already invested for 2 megawaƩs. This year we'll be adding another 
8 megawaƩs, and that will take our total capƟve solar to 10 megawaƩs. So here we've allocated around 
Rs.30 cr. Just to go over the quick project progress as well as Ɵmelines, the bank sancƟon was already 
received in August 2024. Rights issue something that was expected to close around September 2024. Now 
the exercise has been completed in October 2024. Following the rights issue we have already iniƟated the 
capƟve solar project which we spoke about. So that is something that has already been iniƟated. 
Brownﬁeld expansion, which was already underway, and the rest of the work is already in progress. 
Similarly, for inhouse machining facility, the work on the land is already underway and ordering for the 
rest of the machinery is also in progress. So that is something that is currently an acƟvity ongoing. We've 
taken certain iniƟaƟves for the environment and economics, due to this in several areas that will not only 
help us with our ESG goals, but also sort of help us economically achieve some improvements. So, 1st thing 
is the carbon footprint that is, renewables like I spoke about, we are aiming to achieve 50% of our 
producƟon to be from green resources by 2030. Waste management is something that we're working on. 
So thermal reclamaƟon is something that will improve our sand reclamaƟon from 92 to 98%. We're also 
establishing, various technologically, uh, you know, sort of digital iniƟaƟves uh, that will help improve 
producƟvity as well as various uh iniƟaƟves that we're taking for energy opƟmizaƟon. 
So this is the path ahead, and I think I'll just wrap up the presentaƟon with this slide. Well, we are opening 
up for Q&A. We received a few quesƟons in advance. So, I think what we'll do is 1st we'll address those 
quesƟons and  then we'll open the ﬂoor for quesƟon and answer from some of you who've raised your 
hands. 
First quesƟon was what was the primary raƟonale behind changing the FY 2025 growth rate from 20% to 
13%? 
Ans: Now, I think I brieﬂy highlighted this in the presentaƟon, but, while the OEM export direct export and 
gearbox growth, those revenues are in line with our projecƟon there's deﬁnitely been some moderaƟon 
in terms of the demand from our domesƟc wind and non-wind segments, and this has been slightly higher 

 
5 
 
than our esƟmates. So, during ﬁrst quarter, there were early signs of slowdowns. But typically, what 
happens is Indian companies, the ﬁgures in the 1st quarter do tend to be a liƩle bit muted. So, we were 
expecƟng them to sort of catch up in the second quarter, and since, it hasn't recovered during the second 
quarter we've accordingly updated our guidance for that period. 
The second quesƟon is, what incremental revenue or margins are anƟcipated from the new Capex at a 
hundred percent uƟlizaƟon? 
Ans: So, with the enƟre new round of Capex in place and at peak uƟlizaƟon levels, we're projecƟng around 
Rs.550 to 600 crores in revenues and Beta margins around 18%. 
Third quesƟon is What is the capacity UƟlizaƟon for all the plants? And what is the future target? 
Ans: So, capacity uƟlizaƟon in the 1st half of F.Y. 2024, which is the previous year, was somewhere around 
78%. In the current year it is running at around 86% and with the favorable schedules as well as market 
condiƟons we are expecƟng, like we can, it can go up to more than 90% plus, especially considering that 
we're already running at 86% right now. 
Forth quesƟon is What is the cost of debt? 
Ans: The cost of that should be around 9.5%. 
FiŌh quesƟon is Will the boƩom line be aﬀected due to depreciaƟon, aŌer the commissioning of the 
capex? 
Ans: The top line is expected to grow along with the increase in depreciaƟon. So, the depreciaƟon to 
revenue percentage is likely to remain at the present levels. There should not be much of an impact on 
the boƩom line, because it will be supported by the revenue growth as well. 
Last quesƟon is what is revenue / Ebitda / PAT guidance for FY26 & FY27? 
Ans: So revenue guidance, I think we've highlighted for F.Y. 26 in the presentaƟon. So, we're projecƟng 
around 20% revenue growth for the next 2 years. The present year EBITDA margins are projected at 14.5% 
like we menƟoned, which is a 200 basis point increase over the previous year. So, with complete 
deployment of our Capex, these margins, we're projecƟng them to expand by another 250 to 350 basis 
points over the next 2 years. This is once the Capex Commissioning take place, and we realize those 
beneﬁts. 
So, these are some of the quesƟons that we are addressing. Now I think we'll go to the quesƟon answer 
session and I will hand it over to Mr. Reddy to address any more quesƟons. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So, May I request a Mr. Mohit, go ahead with your quesƟon. Please unmute yourself 
and go ahead with this one quesƟon. 
 
Mohit Jain: Hi, sir, thank you. Hi Shreay! Thanks for the presentaƟon. So, my quesƟon is with regards to 
Donald Trump's pledge to halt renewable energy projects around the globe and we have seen stock prices 

 
6 
 
decline in investors, Nordex shares. So. Do you see any negaƟve signs from the commentary from these 
big players and do you see this causing any harm to our revenue predicƟon going forward? Thank you. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See historically, if you look at, yes, Donald Trump did not favor this renewable industry 
parƟcularly oﬀshore. I have also read an arƟcle yesterday and yesterday, mainly because today oﬀshore 
projects are not economically viable because a lot of money is being spent. But sƟll a lot of money is being 
pumped into the oﬀshore, just because that is the only sector which is going to become baseload and 
replace the thermal capacity. As you know, that was the idea which industry was doing. Of course, Mr. 
Donald Trump has got his own way of making the thing, but today synergy is not into the oﬀshore. That is 
one. The second thing is, our business demand is too miniscule to the global demand, like, it's a very 
insensiƟve for the drop in demand in the US and all those things, because our capaciƟes are too small 
compared to the total global demand. So, considering this, I don't see any much impact because of the 
policies are geƫng changed in the US Market. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: When this new capacity, will get stabilized and what is the capacity uƟlizaƟon that 
we'll be targeƟng once this gets stabilized? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See if you look at how capacity addiƟon happen is, one is a procurement of equipment’s 
and installing it. This is the 1st part of it. The second part is mobilizing my team and organizing to take out 
the producƟon out of it. 3rd thing is geƫng the demand from the customer. These are the 3 things. 
Actually, 1st part is, as far as the business is concerned. We are conƟnuously with all new Ams, like Nordex 
and Envision. We are trying to align the capaciƟes for the new expansion. That's 1 thing to answer your 
quesƟon directly to the Ɵmeline, we were expecƟng to complete by March, but the right issue got delayed 
by maybe another 3, 4 weeks may get delayed, but we should be able to complete within Ɵme. That's the 
1st part. Actually, as far as the stabilizaƟon of the producƟon is concerned, since it's a brownﬁeld project 
should not take very signiﬁcant Ɵme more than Quarter or so. So that's the second part. And as far as 
business is concerned, we are trying to take some addiƟonal business in the next ﬁnancial year, most 
probably 3rd and 4th quarter. Actually, we are expecƟng addiƟonal business from the new capacity as well. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: Got it. My next quesƟon is, we were doing machining work outsource 100 earlier, 
and now we are doing some expansion over there of 10,000 TPA in a house. So, from current 100% 
outsource, how much saving will it lead to by this in house machining and what kind of other beneﬁts are 
there for this? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Okay, I'll answer you this in a slightly broader way. Today, we are doing around 80, 85% 
of the components in the machined condiƟon and 15% like Gearbox what it goes we are not doing 
menƟoning. That's the 1st part of it. The second thing is our spend on the machine in our balance sheet 
at a wind level is somewhere around 15% of our cost. But if you do in-house machining there is going to 
be a cost. Roughly, we're expecƟng 20% of the cost means 3% has to go for the opƟonal of the machine. 
And aŌer taking into account of machining operaƟon generate some scrap, that is another 3%. So, 3% plus 

 
7 
 
3%, 6% is expected to the opƟonal cost of the machine shop means 12% of the machine capacity should 
be a savings for our machining cost. Now coming back, since we are adding 10000 tons of capacity, in fact, 
we are trying to maximize and Can we push it upto 15,000 ton? We are negoƟaƟng with the machinists 
how best conﬁguraƟon that we can get, so at least that should add us 2 to 3% kind of the margin expansion 
and the present level of the investments what we are doing actually and there is a serious thought to 
increase this capacity from 10 or 15 thousand ton whatever adding, that incremental capacity doesn't 
require the same amount of capital, because the basic building and land and everything is already pre 
invested. So that incremental capacity, addiƟon, cost may be signiﬁcantly lower than what we are doing 
iniƟal investment. So, the overall, the present investment, what we are doing should add at least 2 to 3% 
kind of the margin addiƟon to the EBIDTA. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: So this will be ready by September 2025, right? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, we are negoƟaƟng with the machinist. We are trying to pick up some ready 
machines available. Some of my colleagues are already in China, now that should come may be in the 
month of May or June 2025, we are targeƟng 2 machines. But another 2 machines may spill over 
September, October 2025, because, depending on the controller, shortage of chip. But overall, on an 
average, I think by September we should be in an operaƟonal condiƟon. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: Got it. The next quesƟon is, do you see any impact of slowdown in the overseas 
market? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: As of now, it hasn’t, because, the 1st priority is given to the Indian market. Actually, 
when it comes to export, parƟcularly like I think I spoke earlier also, there is a 25% tariﬀ in US Market for 
the exports from China. Now, Trump is talking about increasing that 25% to 60% means the delta aﬃnity 
towards the procurement of Indian casƟng may go up. So, I see this as a favorable for our Industry. But 
he's also talking of imposing another 10% in India, but sƟll a delta basis, India may become more favorable 
going forward again. As far as regarding the slowdown and all, as I menƟoned in the beginning, we don't 
have much impact on our demand because we are very minuscule in the global demand and any change 
in the modular demand in the global thing, it's not going to be aﬀected signiﬁcantly. Second thing is, we 
are adding a lot of new customers means the capacity what we are building, even though it's about 550 
Crores but the business, what we are building it's almost, if really they take the what they are projecƟng, 
It is 700 to 800 crores of customer base we are trying to build. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: So, you don't see any margin pressures currently, in this space? 
 

 
8 
 
Yes, there are actually parƟcularly China, because of this, new policies coming in, new government coming 
in us all, they are reducing their prices. We are expecƟng some the pricing pressure. But the good part in 
this current expansion, what we're doing is, really, if there is no margin project, then margins would have 
been shoot up over 20 - 22% plus. So, this we have already factored in day one while doing the expansion, 
this kind of pressures are going to come in. So, 3, 4% kind of we have kept it with us for the pass on to the 
market. The second good thing is we are going to do Brownﬁeld expansion, we are going to get 1 or 2% on 
the economic scales contribuƟon. All this factored in, we are targeƟng around 18% kind of the EBIDTA on 
the matured level actually. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: Got it, one more quesƟon is about the debt for the Capex. So how much debt we 
are raising, and what is the peak debt likely to be? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Last year, our peak date is around Rs.80 crores, including working capital of Rs.35 Crose 
and 45 crores of long term loan that also includes our Preference shares of around 10 crores plus. So, the 
actual absolute mandate is only 25-26 Crores in this organizaƟon as on date. But now we are going for a 
fresh debt for the Capex, which is about Rs.95 course, which we already got sancƟon. But I don't see 
requirement of uƟlizaƟon of complete Rs.95 crores, because my balance sheet is not factored in my 
current balance sheet. Because of current year’s proﬁtability is also good, I may have a cash proﬁt of 30 
Crores plus in the current balance sheet, so that money is something I will be using for the current Capex, 
and this expansion is spilling over second half of the next year itself, or the 1st half of the next year i.e. 
September 2025, so I will have a further cash accrual during this next to 4 quarters. So overall, considering 
peak debt the next year, the thing should not exceed Rs.150 crores and thereaŌer it should take us down 
back to the previous level to Rs.80 crores what we are esƟmaƟng. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: My ﬁnal quesƟon is what are the 2 risks that you see with respect to the revenue 
and operaƟng margin guidance that you have provided for next 2 years? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, we are a very diverse company operaƟng into mulƟple segments that is in the 
wind, DomesƟc export and Direct exports and gearbox and non-wind. Actually, the number one risk, what 
I see is what extent China can put pressure. This is the unknown thing. Tomorrow, if 60% tariﬀ puts onto 
the Chinese market, how China is going to react, how our market is going to it is a very diﬃcult thing to 
predict. But I am also conƟnuously interacƟng with various agencies, such as the thing, including from my 
customers and all those things. What I heard is, there are also challenges in China, their labor costs going 
up, and also they are at the boƩom most level of the pricing. This is what I came across. But we need to 
see whether that kind of thing anything come, but sƟll we have enough headroom to play this game. I 
don't see the immediately, maybe 18, 1% here and there, but that kind of risk. I don't see any signiﬁcant 
coming something and falling. That is one. The second thing is, of course, the trump is coming as a posiƟve. 
Always we used to concern about the commodity acƟon, you know, if anything signiﬁcantly happens, that 
is one but the last 6 quarters I see a very stable commodity environment. Actually, you know, these are 
the 2 things which I can see. But it will be for a quarter, actually one quarter here and there, but I don't 
see any long term thing, because we have so many businesses to tap in. So, if something like today, even 

 
9 
 
though there is a signiﬁcant drop in some of the domesƟc customers and all, sƟll, we have our revenues 
are on the growth projecƟon, and we are projecƟng the growth. So, I don't see any of that kind of risk. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: So basically, I was curious because we've never been demand constrained as a 
company, we've always had customers we've always been supplying constraint. That's what I've at least 
recognized with the paƩern. So, let's expecƟng a 15% growth rate going forward and like an average 
revenue per ton at like 1.2 lakhs, so that marginally, it's reducing because of that from 1.3 to 1.2. Let's say 
it's reducing, we will be out of our capacity by end of 2026, we'll use 36,000 tons. So how are we planning 
on keeping up with exisƟng capacity? We need to do further Capex Cycle before we even complete this. 
So, how are we viewing this, or is this a safe assumpƟon to make? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: 1st thing, what we're focusing is to take our revenues by 60-70%, like as a Shreya quoted 
the 500-600 Crores revenues that almost businesses lined up and everything is in place. The only thing 
task in our hand is execute the project, and, enhance, expand our margins from where we are around 13-
14% level to take it over 18%. That's 1st part, which we should be able to ﬁnish this task by fairly by end 
of the next year everything should seƩle down, if the market demand is in place and everything all 
fundamentals remain same. We have a serious plan to go ahead with one Greenﬁeld project which should 
take us to 100,000 tons kind of capacity. Now you may quesƟon, how are you going to fund and all? See, 
we fairly believe, if I do, around 550-600 crores kind of revenue, with 18% kind of I will be somewhere 
around 100 Crores. My big debt is not going to be 150 Crores thereaŌer, signiﬁcantly, is going to taper 
down. So, my balance sheet permits to pull out 100 Crores in the next 2, 3 years. Balance will see the 
funding parƟally from the debt. If necessary. We can go to the market, and we can do this expansion, so I 
don't see any big threat in establishing capacity and doing it. But 1st of all, step by step, we have to ﬁnish 
the current expansion and take up the market. We will watch within the next 4 quarters how the market 
is unfolding, and accordingly we'll take the side upon. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: So as more curious, the 60 crore plan we have it's only Ɵll 45,000 metric tons. Right? 
So, for the 100,000 metric tons when are we planning on starƟng with it? I'm more curious when you'll 
start execuƟng it, because with exisƟng demand we might reach our capacity uƟlizaƟon of 80%, which we 
are likely going to do by 2026 itself. So, when we are going to start that 100,000 that's what I'm curious 
about? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See now, today we are in 24-25, 25-26, for sure I'm not doing anything. So, if everything 
goes ﬁne, in 26-27, we are planning to iniƟate with the Greenﬁeld process. This is our thought process. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: With the substanƟal increase in margins, and we'll be returning a lot of cash ﬂow. 
So what are we planning on doing with the excess cash ﬂow? Either we, are we going to repay debt or are 
we going to go further into Capex? 

 
10 
 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, that's what deﬁnitely my idea is to bring down the debt in the last year our debt 
equity is somewhere around 1.7 in spite of doing such a peak Capex, currently debt to equity further goes 
down to 1.54. Once my Capex cycle is completed, I will be comfortable to below one is to one debt equity, 
maybe 0.5 to 1 kind of the close of the numbers. Again, when I go for a new Greenﬁeld Capex level. The 
debt may shoot back to 1.5, so it's always a push and pull cycle between the debt and capacity and all this, 
and this will conƟnuously keep on balancing one aŌer the other.  
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: Got it. And one thing is that in the previous comment you indicated the increasing 
direct exports, part of our business to around 25% from around 11%. And we already export about 25% 
from OEM exports. So, are we expect these direct exports to cut into our OEM exports? Or is it going to 
be complementary to the exisƟng 25%. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, generally we get the schedule almost 18 months in advance, actually based on that 
we are giving guidance. So, we are going to get that the export to the forecast, what we are given on both 
on the OEM Export as well as the direct export. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: So, the 25% is supposed to be a combinaƟon of both OEM plus direct export. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, the direct export itself is 20% growth. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: So we are expecƟng most of the revenues to be driven by exports, and not 
domesƟcally to be a mediocre right? 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, no, it's not the thing. I'm not saying 25% of my revenue. We are saying 25% growth 
over the previous year. So when you look at my last year revenue it was, I think, 11 or 12 Crores, which 
may somewhere on 28.30 crores, which may go to 80 crores plus. So that is what we are given a growth 
of the absolute value growth. But if you want to look at absolute numbers, export revenues may be 
somewhere on 18-20% kind of the numbers something like that and OEM export will be on the similar 
lane. So around 35%- 40% business is coming from the global market.  
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: Got it so, also curious about the margin proﬁle with the gear box and non wind and 
wind segment. So, which is more proﬁtable for the company? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: So naturally. See, my strength is in the wind, because this infrastructure is very big. 
Gearbox we're doing because we want to be in that industry. At some point of Ɵme, we see it to create a 

 
11 
 
1 more verƟcal on the gearbox wherein we can build another 400 Crores. So that's another reason why 
we are keeping it muted is the 10-15%, so that it gives me industry exposure. I am one of the players, so 
it gives opportunity to overnight to add capacity when I have surplus cash ﬂow in my hand. 
 
Vishal D: Sir. We just want to understand what's the outlook for the windmill turbines or windmill products 
in India and globally? that's 1 thing, and the focus of the company to penetrate the more into Indian 
economy with the products? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: CasƟng is such an industry. It's 1 of the 3 out of the basic manufacturing process. i.e. 
casƟng, forging, and the fabricaƟon. These are the only 3 mechanical industries existence for any 
manufacturing. So wind contributes only one and a half percent of the global demand. Since we are 
signiﬁcantly present in wind, we're doing it. But we are also trying simultaneously trying to into the other 
segments. Like, as I menƟoned in the earlier parƟcipant, asked the quesƟon about how we are going to 
look at and all, we are present signiﬁcantly into the Nonwind segment as well like apart from Gearbox, I'm 
talking about even mining plasƟc injecƟon. Those businesses are also highly scalable. Now, if I try to call 
handle all the business together it will be diﬃcult to handle, will not have resources. Today we need to 
reach certain decent levels in the wind industry. Then go on to the other sectors. There is a good 
opportunity to. Even I see something like green hydrogen, or even a lot of other segments in oil and gas. 
So there is enough business in this. CasƟng is such a huge ocean. 
 
Vishal D: Okay, and what about the company's focus for the India as compared to the global markets? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: As far as global casƟng demand is about 110 million, out of which India is doing about 
11 – 12 million around 10-11% of the global demand is what India is producing. Again, the total 110 million 
is not addressable market for me. Out of each only 7, 8% is irrelevant because there are a lot of products 
which are into non-ferrous and other things which we are not present. The second, there are certain 
components, such as also we're not present. So if you purely look at the synergies presence into this global 
thing,  maybe 8 to 10 million kind of the market is addressable market for synergy. 
 
Faisal Hawa: Due to the various tariﬀs being put on China from almost all quarters, we could actually face 
some kind of a glut in the machining and CNC markets. Are we planning to do something other than wind 
also that could result in some kind of diversiﬁcaƟon for us, or some place where at least we would have a 
shelter to run, to? And I have always seen that wherever there is a large kind of an opportunity like we 
have in wind it always leads to a lot of players coming into the ecosystem. And once you are like 2, 3 years, 
4 years into the cycle. It kind of then develops into a very big oversupply situaƟon also. So have you given 
any thought to that? And do we have some kind of a counter strategy to that? 
 

 
12 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Okay to answer your 1st quesƟon about the diversiﬁcaƟon. It is always uh, we need to 
strike a balance between diversiﬁcaƟon versus focus. Because focus brings eﬃciency. DiversiﬁcaƟon 
distracts the eﬃciency actually, but it brings the stability. Now we feel we try to balance it in 
simultaneously both. That's the reason why, even though wind segment business is contribuƟng 70%, we 
are also keeping our hand on the diversiﬁed products, like the gearbox, or even mining plasƟc injecƟon 
and pumps. Actually, if I end up in doing too much of diversiﬁcaƟon with one plant, I'll have a lot of 
challenge in compeƟng. My eﬃciency goes down. That's the reason why. We are not taking up, but at the 
same Ɵme we are keeping our eyes open onto these segments. Once our capaciƟes go up. If you ideally 
ask me next 10 years down, how we would like to look at this plan. So maybe one plant may be running 
for the completely for the non wind, one for the completely gearbox, maybe 2, 3 plants running for the 
wind. This is the kind of the vision, what we have actually, no. But today we are watching this. As long as 
we can manage this, I don't see any problem. As for today. Managing with the right kind of diversity. In 
fact, if you compare with my compeƟtors one who's in India, there are only 2 players. They are 100% wind 
focus. Many Ɵmes, we ask ourselves, are we too much diversiﬁed? But of course, whatever the way we 
choose, because if you look at next 5, 7 years long. Probably we may be well balanced in the diversiﬁcaƟon 
point of view. Also, focus point of view means we are focused as well and equally diverse. Then the second 
part of your quesƟon about the ecosystem, the too many players coming into the game and becoming a 
compeƟƟve space, and all. One of the biggest strengths of this business percentage is the high entry 
barrier. It's not that the other players are not entered. Say, I'm in this industry for more than 30 years. Way 
back in the year 2000, at least 15 to 20 founders in India tried to enter into the business. All of them burned 
their ﬁngers and got out of this business secƟon, you know, even the other players, one who is operaƟng 
also unless you don't have a very good experƟse, it's always challenging to survive in this business. So, the 
compeƟƟon point of view, it's not an easy job to someone to work, enter overnight and go ahead and 
compete with us. Second thing, if you look at the customer perspecƟve for them. It's only 3 and a half 
percent of the spend for their turbine. But the risk level is 100%. That's another reason. Customers just for 
1%, 2% here and there pricing they don't jump onto the diﬀerent suppliers overnight. It’s a long journey. 
Even someone like global leader like Vestas, US, to take synergy on board, he took 3 - 4 years, in spite of 
having such a big experience. In fact, I have an experƟse in producing almost more than 90% of the turbines 
Western turbines running in India. I've only done it actually. But sƟll they took, because they say synergy 
is a new company. So, this is how the kind of Barrier exist in this industry. So I don't see that kind of a 
challenge as far as this compeƟƟon is concerned. 
 
Faisal Hawa: What is the parƟcipaƟon that our Board of directors are having, parƟcularly with regard to 
the personnel that you appoint at various posiƟon in your organizaƟon? And also, as to how you are 
allocaƟng capital parƟcularly the capital which is going towards the future growth? Is the board raising 
relevant quesƟons to you? I would like to really understand what goes on in your board meeƟngs? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, I understand this is not a 1 man show organizaƟon. It's a very professional 
organizaƟon with the Board of Directors, very experienced independent directors from outside one who 
was an ex-chairman of a RBL bank. So, we have a very strong board. Whatever I tell, nobody's going to 
listen unless I give you the jusƟﬁcaƟon and all those things that's 1. And at the end of the day, see, we are 
having 70% stake in this organizaƟon. One wrong mistake and take the OrganizaƟon anywhere, so it 

 
13 
 
undergoes, through rigorous process any proposal we do, even when I took an iniƟaƟve for the raising the 
funds to rights issue. It went through rigorous discussion for 6 months.  
 
Faisal Hawa: At least 3 or 4 quesƟons that were raised. And what was the speciﬁc 2 - 3 debates that went 
on. I'm not quesƟoning the rigorousness of the Board? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, like the way you are asking. They ask the similar quesƟons such as what are the 
risks from China? If this customer buying what is going to happen, so these kind of quesƟons they ask, if 
you don't achieve what is the projected, the margin expansion level, how you are going to do. Or if global 
market, if something happens. So these are the risk factor quesƟons related quesƟon they keep asking 
me. 
 
Faisal Hawa: And about personnel? Are there quesƟons as to whom you're appoinƟng? Why, you're 
appoinƟng? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: The appoinƟng means. We're talking about the organizaƟonal appointment? 
 
Faisal Hawa: OrganizaƟon appointments. Yes, at various levels. 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Actually, myself and our MD Sachin Shirgaokar both of us have the freedom on the 
company. So, Board doesn't get involved into the operaƟonal point of view. So, we together collecƟvely 
discuss and make the decision in the best interest of the organizaƟon. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: I have one last quesƟon regarding the Capex. So, from 45,000 to 100,000, what 
could be the incremental Capex we might need to put? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, the foundry can be may be around 250-300 crores kind of thing, and the machining 
will be maybe another 150 crores kind of thing means 400 -500 Crores is what, roughly, again, we need to 
see on, because in that 30, 40% of the imported compeƟtor, how the currency is going to play out in 26 
what we're talking about the dollar or anything. So, this is the rough indicaƟve number just to spell out, 
actually. 
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: And in terms of margins also, we are already on the track to go to 18% very easily, 
without much diﬀerence and without changing basic plans? Can we push it beyond that also? 
 

 
14 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Actually, this is a low risk acƟvity, as far as margin expansion is concerned, because I 
need not go to the customer to ask for a price to increase my margins. I'm only trying to reorganize myself. 
Whatever I am spending on the machining and the energy through this renewable solar we're trying to 
tap into our boƩom line. Today, China is 25% cheaper than me. But when those casƟngs comes to India, 
12% goes in the logisƟc cost, another 8% of the basic customer. SƟll, there is a 4, 5% gap between me and 
China. So that I want to knock out. If you want to have a good sustainable demand, you should be 
compeƟƟve, so I believe, 18-20% margin and sƟll I will be very compeƟƟve. This is how we are targeƟng 
to push in ourself. And second thing is, when I get into the shop, I see so many opportuniƟes which sƟll 
we are not tapped. Something like this generaƟon automaƟon process, improvement. Geƫng 1% from 
the shop ﬂoor is quite cheap rather than going and pushing the customer about that another 1%. There 
are so many improvement opportuniƟes down the line.  
 
Praneeth Bommiseƫ: Got it. Thank you so much for your Ɵme for explaining it through detailed. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Reddy sir and Shreya madam for answering the quesƟons on behalf of enƟre 
Synergy Green management team. I would like to thank all the investors and analyst community for joining 
us today. Thank you once again. 
 
