 
 
 
30th October 2024 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (Scrip Code: FSL)  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 28th October 2024 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 28th 
October 2024, after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 28th October 2024, for your 
information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed 
by POOJA 
SURESH NAMBIAR

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
Q2FY25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL” 
OCTOBER 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
MR. PANKAJ KAPOOR 
HEAD STRATEGY, IR & ESG 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Firstsource Solutions Limited 
Q2FY25 Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani - MD & CEO; Mr. Dinesh Jain – CFO, and Mr. 
Pankaj Kapoor - Head of Strategy, Investor Relations and ESG to provide an overview 
on company’s performance followed by Q&A.  
 
Please note that some of the matters that we will discuss on this call, including the 
company’s business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and 
unknown risks. These uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what the 
Company has mentioned in its prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent Annual 
Report that are available on the website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Hello, everybody. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our Financial Results for 
the second quarter of FY25. My name is Ritesh Idnani, and I am the CEO at Firstsource.  
 
Before I start with the discussion on our quarter performance, I would like to welcome 
our colleagues from Ascensos or the A-Team as they are known who joined us last 
month. I would also thank them and each one of our 32,898 Firstsourcers around the 
world for their relentless commitment to deliver value to our clients that has driven our 
growth to the top decile of the broader tech and tech-enabled services industry over the 
last four quarters including Q2.  
1. 
Financial Performance 
I am happy to report yet another strong quarter from a revenue growth standpoint. Our 
operating margins excluding the one-off costs related to the Ascensos' acquisition was 
stable, and we sustained the accelerated momentum in deal wins with three large deals 
again in this quarter. Our deal pipeline continues to remain healthy.  
 
Let me now give you some more details on our quarterly performance:  
Our revenue grew by 25% YoY and came in at Rs. 19.3 billion. In U.S. dollar terms, the 
growth was 23% YoY and 7.1% QoQ at $230 million. In constant currency, revenue 
grew at 6.9% quarter-on-quarter. Adjusted for one month of Ascensos' revenue, our 
growth was 4.2% in constant currency terms. As you may note, this is the fourth straight 
quarter where we have delivered over 3% QoQ constant currency revenue growth. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
EBIT margin for the quarter was 11.1%, excluding one-time charges related to the 
Ascensos' acquisition. This is broadly stable, both on a QoQ and a YoY basis. Our net 
profit was Rs. 1.4 billion and the diluted EPS was Rs. 1.96 for the quarter. 
2. 
Deal Wins 
We continue to participate actively in the process transformation agendas of our clients. 
In Q2, we repeated our success of Q1 by signing three strategically large deals. As you 
are aware, we consider a deal with ACV of over $5 million as a large deal. We expect 
these deals to ramp up in a phased manner over the coming quarters. 
 
We also added 13 new logos during the quarter, the highest in the last two years. What 
I find most satisfying is that in both Q1 and Q2, we have added a new logo through a 
large deal. I believe this underlines our success in leveraging our deep industry and 
functional expertise, our partnerships in the technology ecosystem, and our ability to 
proactively bring automation and AI into the mix that's resonating well with our clients.  
 
Let me highlight a few notable wins during Q2: 
• 
We won a large deal from one of the largest telco companies in Australia. This 
is a new logo for us and is a cross-tower deal  
• 
We were selected by one of the top 5 mortgage companies in the US, one of 
our long-term existing clients, for a 5-year deal to power enterprise-wide 
transformation initiatives 
• 
We expanded our footprint and wallet share in one of the top 5 Healthcare 
insurance companies in the US for claims processing 
• 
And we won an additional large deal from a large cooperative financial 
institution in the UK for services to their retail customers  
 
3. 
Vertical Commentary 
Let me now provide you a deep dive into our performance and outlook for each of our 
industry verticals: 
a. 
Banking and Financial Services: 
 
In Q2FY25, our BFS vertical was up 1% QoQ and 3.3% YoY in constant currency terms. 
We added 5 new logos in this vertical in Q2. We had healthy deal wins in Q2 in this 
vertical, including a large deal win from a top 5 home mortgage company in the US that 
I referenced earlier. 
 
We continue to make good progress in our efforts to broad base our portfolio in this 
vertical, both in terms of market segments as well as our service offerings. For example, 
our AI-infused digital collection platform is seeing growing interest among customers.  
 
Recently, we also announced our investment in building our own domain-centric, large-
language model specific to the mortgage industry.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Overall, we expect a sequentially improving growth trajectory in this vertical over FY25.  
b. 
Healthcare 
For Healthcare, Q2 was again a strong quarter. Our revenues grew 10% QoQ and 38% 
YoY in constant currency terms. Growth was well distributed across both the payer and 
the provider segments. We added five new logos in this vertical. The payer segment 
has seen the typical slowdown in decision-making ahead of the open enrollment period 
and the impending U.S. presidential elections. That said, we continue to see a very 
active and healthy pipeline on the payer side.  
 
The integration of QBSS acquisition is on track and it has also been rebranded as 
Firstsource Provider Services. We have redrafted our revenue cycle management 
services catalogue to include QBSS capabilities and build a technology-first proposition, 
leveraging both our proprietary technology assets as well as our partner ecosystem. 
This is resonating well with both industry analysts and clients.  
 
We had two joint deal wins in Q2, including a new logo. We expect a steady and 
distributed growth in this vertical in the coming quarters.  
c. 
Communications, media and technology (CMT) 
We saw a 1% QoQ and a 22% YoY growth in this vertical in constant currency terms. 
We added two new logos in Q2 in this vertical. In the Communications and Media 
business, where most clients are large but mature outsourcers, our strategy to position 
ourselves as a challenger to the existing ecosystem by bringing in our entire service 
portfolio, helped us win a large deal in a new logo that I mentioned earlier.  
 
In the technology segment, we continue to expand our footprint among the marquee 
consumer tech logos with both traditional and non-traditional service propositions. One 
of the new logos we added in this vertical is one of the fastest growing online 
marketplaces in the U.S. We continue to see a strong deal pipeline in this vertical.  
d. 
Diverse 
Lastly, coming to our diverse portfolio that grew 49% QoQ and 85% YoY in constant 
currency terms. This includes the retail vertical that came through the Ascensos' 
acquisition and our traditional business from utilities companies. We see a healthy deal 
pipeline in this portfolio in both the verticals, which should translate to a broad-based 
growth in the coming quarters.  
4. 
Geographical commentary 
Let me now provide you a commentary from a geography standpoint: 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
From a geography perspective, growth in Q2 was driven by the US, with an 8.3% QoQ 
and a 30% YoY growth in constant currency terms. We expect the growth to get more 
distributed across verticals in the second half in the US  
 
Europe grew 3.6% QoQ, our organic revenues excluding Ascensos' were down about 
4% QoQ. However, companies in the UK are facing significant cost pressure that has 
led to them increasingly exploring offshore or nearshore delivery options even in some 
of the previously awarded deals. This caused some delays in ramp-ups in some of the 
strategic deals, which is normalized now. We are also seeing increased conversations 
around cardboard deals leading to significant and healthy build-up in our deal pipeline 
in Europe. We expect revenue growth to improve over the next two quarters as we had 
outlined earlier as well. 
5. 
People 
On the people front, we ended Q2 with a total headcount of 32,898 Firstsourcers. Our 
trailing 12-month attrition rate for the quarter was 31%, a reduction from 32% in Q1FY25 
and 39.8% in Q2 of last year. We anticipate this downward trend to continue in the 
coming quarters, though at a more gradual pace driven by the success of our employee 
value-focused initiatives, aimed at improving retention and satisfaction.  
 
I am also pleased to report that Firstsource is now certified as a great place to work 
across four key geographies, India, the Philippines, UK and the U.S., underscoring our 
commitment to creating an environment where every Firstsourcer feels valued, 
empowered and motivated to contribute their best.  
 
I am also proud of the diversity of our workforce. Women employees form 46% of our 
workforce and with Ascensos in Australia now coming into the fold, we now have 
employees working across 10 countries in the world.  
6. 
Awards/recognitions and sustainability 
Let me now turn your attention to some of the awards, recognitions that we received 
during the quarter as well as update you on our initiatives on the sustainability front. 
I am happy to share that Firstsource continues to be positively recognized by leading 
analysts for bringing significant value to clients and offering innovative tech solutions in 
our focus markets. To mention a few, in Q2, Firstsource was named as a ‘Leader’ by 
Everest Group in their assessments for Healthcare payer BPaaS solutions and a ‘Major 
Contender’ and ‘Star Performer’ for the Healthcare provider Revenue Cycle 
Management Operations. Everest also ranked Firstsource as a ‘Leader’ for the lending 
services operations.  
 
Last month, we also released our ESG report for FY24 along with our very first TCFD 
report. Both these reports are live on our website, and I would encourage each one of 
you to look through them.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
7. 
Ascensos acquisition 
Let me now provide you a little bit of a brief on our acquisition of Ascensos that we 
announced last month. Let me start by giving you a brief background of the Company: 
 
Ascensos was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Scotland, UK. It is focused on 
providing BPM services to clients in retail, consumer and e-commerce verticals. Its 
services portfolio covers the full front, middle and back-office spectrum that includes 
customer experience services management, digital transformation and customer 
insights and analytics. It has close to 2,500 employees spread across the UK, South 
Africa, Romania, Trinidad and Tobago and Turkey and has capabilities of providing 
customer support across 11 different languages including languages as varied as 
Arabic, Mandarin and Lithuanian. It has deep and long-standing relationships with some 
of the top high street retail brands in the UK and the average tenure of the top 5 clients 
is more than four years.  
 
Coming to the strategic rationale for this acquisition. As you are aware, expanding our 
footprint in high-growth markets and strengthening our capabilities are key pivots to our 
strategy refresh under the One Firstsource framework. Our acquisition of Ascensos 
aligns to this objective at multiple levels.  
i. 
Ascensos enables us to jumpstart our presence in the retail and e-commerce 
segments, a strategically important and fast growing vertical. This market is a 
$35 billion market globally from a TAM standpoint, which is growing at double 
digits every year. Ascensos adds some of the most iconic UK retail brands to 
our client list and broad bases our revenue portfolio, our key tenet or the One 
Firstsource Playbook.  
ii. 
Ascensos brings to us a scale presence in several strategically important 
global delivery locations. For example, its presence in South Africa improves 
our attractiveness to the clients and prospects in the UK who are actively 
exploring economical outsourcing capacities in the same time zone. In fact, 
one of our existing clients in the UK has already awarded us additional 
business in South Africa post the acquisition.  
iii. 
And equally importantly, Ascensos provides us with delivery capabilities in 11 
non-English languages. This fills a critical gap in our portfolio and now 
positions us very well to offer multilingual support to several of our large global 
clients, especially those in the consumer tech space.  
iv. 
And last but not the least, the culture fit between the two organizations was 
exceptionally good. Both organizations are nimble, agile, scrappy, and are 
customer obsessed. And that was one of the primary reasons, amongst the 
others, that drew us to Ascensos. 
Over the medium term, we see significant revenue synergies from the combination of 
Ascensos' deep domain knowledge in retail and e-commerce and Firstsource's 
capabilities in AI, automation and transformation.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
With that, I will turn the call over to Dinesh to give a detailed color on the quarterly 
financials and related matters. I will come back to talk about our progress on the 
strategic priorities and the outlook for FY25. Dinesh.  
8. 
Quarterly Financial Performance 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh, and hello, everyone. 
Let me start by taking you through our “Quarterly Financials” numbers: 
Revenue for Q2FY25 came in at Rs. 19,254 million or US$230 million. This implies a 
YoY growth of 25% in the rupee term and 23.4% in the dollar term. In constant currency, 
this translates to a YoY growth of 22.7%. 
 
We have consolidated Ascensos from September 1st, so we have one month 
contribution from Ascensos in the quarterly numbers. I am happy to report that our 
constant currency revenue growth excluding Ascensos' contribution was 19.6% in Q2. 
This is the highest growth YoY in constant currency terms in last 12 quarters.  
 
Our operating profit was Rs. 2,081 million in Q2, which is up 27.3% over Q2 of last year. 
This translates to an EBIT or operating margin profile of 10.8%. This includes 30 bps 
impact of one-time charges related to Ascensos' acquisition. Excluding that, our 
normalized EBIT margin in Q2 was 11.1% versus the 11% which we reported last 
quarter. We have been able to keep our margin stable despite giving out the annual 
wage hike to our employees effective 1st July and continuing to make investment in our 
businesses. Our normalized margin in H1 is 11%, which is our within-guided band of 
FY25. 
 
Profit after tax came in at Rs. 1,382 million or 7.2% of the revenue for the quarter.  
 
Coming to the other Financial Highlights for the quarter. 
 
The tax rate was 19.2% for the quarter, which is within the guided range of 18-20%. 
Reported DSO came down to 65 days in Q2 from 68 days in Q1 as I spoke last time 
that there are some of the one-off delays which have got normalized this quarter. 
 
We have a healthy cash conversion this quarter. Our OCF to EBITDA was 79% and 
FCF to PAT was 101%. Our cash balances including investments stood at Rs. 2.3 billion 
at the end of the quarter 2. Our net debt stands at Rs. 12 billion as of September 30th, 
2024. 
We have paid Rs. 3 billion to our Ascensos' acquisition during this quarter. As we have 
reported earlier, we have acquired 100% stake in a company at a purchase 
consideration of GBP 42 million, which includes 9.5 million GBP as an earn-out linked 
to achieving predefined milestone in the next two years. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
We continue to invest in expanding our execution infrastructure in Q2. We have added 
new seat capacities in Chennai, Hyderabad, Philippines and Mexico. 
Our hedge book as of September 30th was as follows. We have coverage of £75.6 
million for the next 12 months with an average rate of 109.3 to the pound and coverage 
of $141.3 million with an average rate of Rs. 85 per dollar. 
 
This is all from my side. Now I will hand it back to Ritesh to talk about strategic priorities 
and the outlook. Ritesh, over to you. 
9. 
Progress on strategic priorities 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thanks, Dinesh. As you know, the One Firstsource framework has been our North Star 
for the strategy refresh in the organization over the last four quarters. I am pleased with 
the progress we are making on each of the seven themes we have defined as part of 
the playbook and our success so far in translating this progress into business outcomes.  
 
I have regularly highlighted our initiatives to build a world-class sales engine that is 
visible in the continuous improvement in our clients and deal metrics over the last four 
quarters. To highlight, the number of clients with over $1 million of revenue has gone 
up by 4 to 105 in Q2 from 101 a year ago. During the same period, the number of clients 
with whom we get over $20 million of revenue has increased from 8 to 11. Similarly, we 
are now clocking three large deal wins in the quarter versus just about one deal a year 
back. 
 
This quarter, I would like to take you through the progress we are making in areas that 
are under the hood but equally critical for realizing our aspiration to build a resilient and 
durable business with industry-leading growth. 
 
One of the foundational tenets of the OneFirstsource Playbook is to institutionalize our 
efforts to cross-sell, up-sell our entire service portfolio into both our existing accounts 
as well as to take them proactively to new prospects. I believe multi-tower relationships 
are critical for us to grow ahead of the industry by gaining wallet share in our large 
clients. 
 
Let me give an example of what we are doing with our collections business. As you 
know, Firstsource is one of the top companies globally with end-to-end capabilities 
ranging from first-party collections to third-party collections and legal collections. 
Traditionally, our portfolio was centered on debt collections for large U.S. credit card 
issuers. However, over the last four quarters, we have made considerable progress 
both in expanding in adjacent market segments as well as non-BFS verticals. For 
instance, we are working with some of the top fintech companies in the U.S. and UK 
that are major brands in the areas of personal lending, BNPL, and personal finance.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
We have also been making steady progress in cross-selling collection services to our 
existing non-BFS clients in verticals such as Healthcare, communications and media 
and utilities. One of the large deal wins that we had in Q2 is a multi-tower deal that 
included both customer experience and collection services.  
 
Another theme of the OneFirstsource Playbook is to bring technology in everything we 
do. This includes building technology-led propositions to disrupt incumbents in our 
target set of accounts and infusing our existing frameworks and platforms with the latest 
technologies to improve their relevance and attractiveness in the marketplace. In Q2, 
we announced a partnership with Microsoft under which we will be leveraging Azure 
OpenAI services to provide generative AI-powered solutions and platforms to our 
clients. We are also making accelerated progress with relAI, our suite of AI-led offerings, 
solutions and platforms introduced in the last quarter to drive digital transformation of 
clients in a responsible and ethical manner.  
 
Last week, we also announced an investment in building our own domain-centric large 
language model specific to the mortgage industry that leverages our deep domain 
expertise to tailor-make sector-specific AI-driven services and platform offerings. This 
LLM would significantly reduce the cycle time for pre-qualification and formal loan 
applications, creating a seamless digital end-to-end process for loan application and 
fulfillment. Another example is of our digital collections platform where we have infused 
AI to drive personalization at scale with an empathy-first mindset. We engage with the 
customer using the most effective channel at the most effective time of the day with a 
personalized and dynamic payment plan. And we have used AI for persona-based 
segmentation to make our communication emotionally intelligent. While these are early 
days, we have already seen more than a 10% uplift in our collection efficiency with the 
revamped platform.  
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we have made over the last four quarters in 
each of the areas we have identified for a strategy refresh. What I also find encouraging 
is the growing client recognition of our efforts. We recently hosted our first-ever client 
event in the UK that saw close to 100 CXOs participating over two days, and each one 
of them shared positive feedback on our relationship. 
 
Turning to the business outlook. For FY25, we now expect our revenue to grow in the 
range of 19.5% to 20.5% in constant currency terms. This includes about 5% 
contribution from Ascensos over the 7 months in FY25. For operating margins, we 
expect our normalized FY25 EBIT margin, excluding one-time charges related to the 
acquisitions, to be in the 11% to 11.5% band.  
 
This concludes our Opening Remarks, and we can now open the floor for questions. 
Operator, over to you. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Manik Taneja: 
Congratulations to the leadership for another solid quarter. I just wanted to probe you 
with regards to the outlook or the revised outlook both on an organic basis as well as 
including the acquisition. Given the growth trajectory that you have been showing in the 
first half of this year, as well as how the deal wins and which once again gets consistent, 
would be interesting to know why our implied ask rate for the guidance actually remains 
very conservative, practically very modest growth through the next few quarters, next 
couple of quarters. That's my question number one.  
 
The second question is a bookkeeping question with regards to the headcount for the 
quarter. If you could help us understand how much of the incremental headcount team 
in the quarter was aided by the Ascensos' consolidation?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thanks, Manik, for your questions. Let me first provide some color on the outlook. You 
know, before we started Q1 or FY25 itself, our guidance was 10% to 13%. If you realize 
at the end of Q1, we updated the guidance to 11.5% to 13.5%. And the question that I 
was asked then also is, what's your view on the outlook? And I am going to reiterate 
some of the points I made then because it's kind of consistent in a way.  
 
When we provide guidance, it's based on our line of sight on the business at that point 
in time and at this stage over the next two quarters of FY25 as it stands today. So, I 
don't want to qualify it in any manner or comment on what this might translate into in 
terms of QoQ growth calculations. But what I have said earlier and which continues to 
remain consistent is our guidance does not build any changes in the macro 
environment. And if there is something out there, that's potentially an upside.  
 
We are also keeping our focus at this stage on supporting our clients proactively in their 
transformation agendas and identifying opportunities to expand our footprint, both 
within our existing clients as well as new logos. Our sales engine is chugging well. I feel 
confident of our revamped go-to-market strategy as well as the rigors that we are 
bringing in our execution. And that's frankly what gave us confidence to raise the 
guidance to 14.5% to 15.5% organically, excluding the 5% contribution that we expect 
from Ascensos for the rest of the year. So, I will leave it at that in terms of what I end 
up seeing.  
 
Your second question was related to the headcount. Ascensos gave us close to about 
2,500 people. The rest of it is all organic. And that's in terms of the breakdown of the 
headcount that we added through the bottom.  
Manik Taneja: 
And if I can just ask one more, you had spoken about the aspiration to get to a billion 
dollar mark sometime in FY26. And now with this Ascensos' acquisition, I would reckon 
we will probably hit that mark much earlier. Do you want to revisit that timing?  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, again, my comment would be fairly simple in some sense that at this stage, this is 
the visibility that we have and we are not going out there to update what might be a 
guidance at the end of every quarter itself. As you know, this was a medium-term 
aspiration that we had put out there, which is that we would look to hit a billion-dollar 
run rate business by Q4 of FY26. Obviously, we have had good growth in the first two 
quarters, but I would leave it at that and probably come back as the environment around 
us becomes more visible. 
Manik Taneja: 
And the last question was with regards to this qualitative commentary that you shared 
on BFS, something that you even alluded to during the prior quarter’s earnings call, at 
that point of time also mentioned that one should expect a sequentially improving 
growth trajectory in BFS through the rest of the year. Just to understand that better, 
does that mean basically sequential growth rates will see further improvement or 
exploration or is that just suggesting that you expect to see growth in the vertical for the 
subsequent quarters? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, Manik, firstly, let me just state that one of the things that we talked about specific to 
BFS itself, is in the quarter, we added five new logos. So, we had pretty good new client 
additions as well as existing client expansion as well. And that is what we feel good 
about as we look at the rest of the financial year also in terms of the outlook for BFS. 
That said, macro environment continues to be uncertain as you know. While the FED 
lowered interest rates, if you look at just the last 30-year mortgage rates over the last 
three weeks, it has actually gone up from the initial drop from 6.08% to 6.44%. You also 
look at Fennie Mae data about 80% of outstanding fixed rate mortgage loans are at 5% 
or less from an interest rate standpoint. So, on one hand, we feel good about the logos 
we have added, we feel good about the existing clients from an expansion standpoint 
and yet there does end up being some of the macro uncertainty that is there. So, I think 
that is where I would leave it at, but I think we feel good about what we end up seeing 
in the BFS space right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please 
go ahead. 
Shradha: 
Coming on the guidance bit again, if I look at the implied ask rate for the organic 
guidance would essentially imply a decline in revenue over the next 2 quarters and 
given the typical seasonality that we see in our business every year due to collections 
and also because you are talking about pipeline built-up being very strong in other 
verticals. So, what essentially is driving that seasonal weakness in the implied guidance 
for the next 2 quarters on an organic basis purely? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
I want to reiterate one of the comments that I made upfront itself that our revised 
guidance is based on our line of sight on the business over the next two quarters of 
FY25 as it stands today, right. We obviously had a set of deal wins. We added 13 new 
logos in the quarter that went by and all of that obviously is a net positive, but there is 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
always the timeline by which deal ramps happen and so on and so forth and we are just 
mindful in terms of what we see visible at a point in time. I think that is one part of the 
question. The second is, I think the way we are trying to build the business also is to 
minimize the impact of the macro, as I have stated earlier as well, and therefore in some 
sense, we continue to see the benefits of that, just take collections as an example. If 
you look at credit card delinquencies, on one hand, they have continued to trend 
upwards, but the US consumer as an example has continued to remain resilient. So, I 
don't end up seeing any causality out there one way or the other. So, what we are trying 
to do is to build a business in each one of our industry verticals, which is independent 
and minimizing the impact of the macro itself. And that is the way we see it at this stage. 
So, what I am essentially saying is today, the guidance that we are providing is based 
on the data that we are visible as of now and at the same time, it does not bear in mind 
any impact of the macro itself. So, if anything else, that is an upside. 
Shradha: 
And Ritesh, if I got you right, did you mention that the UK business declined organically 
for us in this quarter? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Excluding the Ascensos, that is right. 
Shradha: 
So, is it more to do because of the offshoring impact in the large UK account or is it to 
do with the BFS UK being weak? So, any colors on the UK business would be helpful? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think I had mentioned this even when we did the Q1 commentary that we expect 
Europe to be soft in Q2 as well. But at the same time, we also said that this is going to 
pick up in the second-half of the year and if you look at several of our recent large deal 
wins, they are not the regular headcount centric deals, but these are more strategic 
deals where we are participating in the transformation agendas of our clients by bringing 
in AIML, automation, including our partner ecosystem. Some of these deals are also 
sole sourced where we have gone in and shaped the deal composition and structure 
and ramp up in some of these deals follows a very different trajectory compared to a 
regular RFP led deal itself and that is the reason why we have been highlighting and 
you may recall my comments earlier also that these deals will reflect in the revenues in 
a phased manner and not necessarily in a linear way. But we feel pretty good about the 
pipeline that we have in Europe as well as the deal wins that we have had in the last 
couple of quarters. 
Shradha: 
And any particular comments would you like to make around the top account in UK? Is 
it trending as per expected lines or any weakness outline is there, anything there? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, Shradha, if you recall, starting Q1 of this year, we stopped commenting on a specific 
account itself, but suffice to say that we continue to have a very deep relationship with 
our top account. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jalaj from Svan Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Jalaj: 
I just wanted to understand one thing for the acquisition, which is the Ascensos 
acquisition. If I see the last 3 years numbers for the topline, it has been more or less 
stable. So, could you give us a broad outline, so you did mention the rationale behind 
the acquisition, but is it a slow-growing business or is it a matured business per se? 
How do you see it? And what sort of synergy do you foresee coming from here? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me start by again reiterating the rationale for when we acquired Ascensos. As I 
said upfront, it broad bases our footprint, which is in line with what we had outlined in 
the One Firstsource framework and Ascensos has a very large footprint with leading 
High Street retailers in the UK that was very attractive to us. There is zero overlap 
between the businesses, and it is a complete complementarity, if you will. They have a 
very large nearshore footprint in locations like South Africa, Romania, Trinidad & 
Tobago and Turkey, all of which are locations that Firstsource is not in and at the same 
time they also have deep relationships as well. So, these were obviously some of the 
elements that prompted us to look at the combination itself. At the same time, over the 
last 3 years or so, they have increasingly gone from being a business that had a large 
footprint in the UK to increasing their footprint in the offshore and nearshore locations 
itself, and that is one of the reasons why what you might have gleaned in terms of their 
financials was relatively flat. We feel actually pretty good about the outlook for the 
business. The pipeline is healthy and at the same time, we do believe that the retail and 
e-commerce vertical is a vertical that has significant tailwinds. The target addressable 
market is about 35 billion. So, it is a meaningful size, and I think coupled with some of 
the capabilities that we can bring to bear, it actually gives us the opportunity to 
potentially grow that business as well. 
Jalaj: 
And what sort of margin profile does the company bring in? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Your question is around the margin profile for Ascensos? 
Jalaj: 
Yes. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes, it is, I think it is slightly lower than what our margin, but I think in the similar lines 
only, not that materially different. 
Jalaj: 
And one last question if I may, so if I were to see the revenue growth per se from the 
buckets of the clients, it looks like that majority of growth has come from ex of top 10, 
at least for this quarter, if I were to compare sequentially, what explains that with the 
new logos which are helping us grow faster, some light onto that or some flavor on that? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
If anything else, that is probably validation of what we are trying to do with the One 
Firstsource framework. If you look at one of the tenants for the One Firstsource 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
framework, it is cross selling and up selling into our existing accounts. We had also 
identified about 50 strategic relationships where we would have the opportunity to 
increase our wallet share and that is one of the things that we feel really good about 
because as we scale up as a business and start seeing the outcomes of some of these 
measures itself, the fact that you are actually broad basing growth and it is not just 
restricted to the top 5 or the top 10 accounts, is validation of the execution of the 
strategy. One of the other comments that I also talked about is the fact that take the 
number of $20 million accounts that we have, the fact that that has gone up, the number 
of $1 million accounts has gone up, I think I feel very encouraged by some of those 
bottom up metrics because they are truly validation of the success of the strategy that 
we are executing on. 
Jalaj: 
And one last question quickly. So, UK, you mentioned that ex of the acquisition, there 
was a degrowth per se, so is it just the macro environment there per se or something 
specifically is happening in the geo because your acquisition again comes from the 
same geography? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
We feel that the UK economy, the companies out there, are under a significant amount 
of pressure to re-examine their cost structures as well as the opportunities that might 
be available to them to be competitive. And that creates a play for us to partner with 
them in their transformation agendas, whether it is around their cost competitiveness, 
whether it is around improving their revenue growth or whether it is around the process 
transformation itself. Our pipeline in Europe continues to be very robust and we have a 
number of large strategic deals also in the pipeline and we also expect that some of the 
deal wins that we have had in the first 2 quarters will start bearing fruit in the second-
half of the year as we had outlined even at the end of Q1. So, I wouldn't read anything 
further into the Q2 number there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pratyush from White Oak 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pratyush: 
Ritesh, I wanted to circle back on the collections part that you were speaking, so please 
elaborate more on sort of the disconnect because delinquency rates, at least in credit 
card loans are going up and up for the last 5, 10 and 12 quarters, right? So, is there 
more that lead lag effect here or is there something nuanced here and why our collection 
business is not like the correlated to the delinquency rate? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
First and foremost, Pratyush, thanks for the question. I think the collections business 
for us continues to grow and I think one of the reasons is because we play end to end 
across first party, third party and the legal collection side and underlying all of it is the 
digital collections platform itself. The comment I was just making on the macro is that if 
you look at the last several quarters, not just related to this quarter or otherwise, credit 
card delinquencies have consistently picked upwards, and you would think that is just 
a net positive for the business itself, but the US consumer in particular has been fairly 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
resilient. So, it is not like the delinquency has translated to a loss that loss has in turn 
resulted in a charge off and so on and so forth. But that being said, look, I think what 
we have been able to do is through our competitiveness in this marketplace itself, 
through the capabilities that of our digital collections platform, which is now infused with 
AI and ML and is truly cutting edge and in fact we don't run into the traditional IT services 
or BPO players in this space, but more SaaS players from the Silicon Valley. I think 
what we are able to do is to offer something that is truly aligned to what enterprise 
customers are looking for and that is what I think is driving our growth. So, again, it goes 
back to the tenants that I earlier talked about that we are in some sense trying to 
minimize any impact of the macro, but instead try and continue to grow our business in 
a broad-based fashion and I think that is bearing out here as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aayush Rastogi from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
I just wanted to pick your brains on the healthcare segment. So, you called it out that 
you are kind of facing some kind of tepidness on the payer side of the segment. So, 
when shall we expect this recovery to be there because our healthcare business has 
shown good results on QoQ basis, so just trying to understand what is the sort of 
demand we are seeing in the payer side of the business, and when do we expect that 
it should be getting bounced back? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, as I mentioned in my opening comments, healthcare has been a key driver of growth 
for us in the recent quarters led by the payer segment. In Q2, we saw more distributed 
growth with both the payer and the provider segments doing equally well. Also on the 
payer side, our strategy to focus on our key strategic accounts is playing really well and 
we have a healthy pipeline, but typically, in Q2 and Q3, what you end up starting to see 
is some of the decision timelines on these deals gets pushed out because of open 
enrollment on one hand as well as this year, because of the typical uncertainty that you 
have seen on account of the US presidential elections. But again I am not too fussed 
about it one way or the other. I think we expect it to bounce back just because of the 
quality and quantity of the pipeline as well as the deals that are in advanced stages to 
come back in the next quarter itself. On the provider side, we continue to broad base 
our portfolio. So, we are quite excited actually by the offshore revenue cycle 
management market where the QBSS acquisition is helping us to compete with the 
technology led end to end capabilities and so far we have had four joint deal wins since 
the announcement of the acquisition itself, which is in a way of validation of the rationale 
for acquiring QBSS in the first instance. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
And second is on communication media and tech vertical, so if I see for like starting 
from 3Q FY22 to 3Q FY24, so we have been posting one of the good set of numbers in 
3Q for the communication media and tech in 3Q FY22 or 3Q FY23 or 3Q FY24. So, 
should we assume that the same trajectory is kind of a thing that one can expect for 
this vertical? I am not asking for any sort of numbers, but in terms of trajectory, if one 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
has to map, then should we expect the same kind of bump for the same vertical in 
future? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let me take a step back and probably provide you a little bit of color on each of the 
communications, media and the technology verticals. The only reason I am doing that 
is because I think each one of these sub segments has different attributes or 
characteristics itself. In the communication/telecom space, that is a very mature 
crowded market. Our positioning out there is as a challenger who is coming out there 
to disrupt the traditional ways of working and using that with the tech first AI led 
approach in terms of how processes are getting reimagined and so on and so forth and 
that is yielding results as you saw even in Q2. We actually entered the Australia & New 
Zealand market with one of the largest deals in the telecom space and that came on 
the back of a disruptive strategy itself.  
If you take the media side of the house, a lot of the media companies are struggling to 
make the pivot from a paper-based environment to more of a digital environment itself. 
There is also a significant amount of issue in terms of subscriber base and whether they 
can actually go out there, not just acquire, but also retain their existing subscribers. And 
a lot of those companies, particularly newspapers, publishers, etc., are looking for a full 
transformation agenda to help revamp the way they run their business itself. Our 
storyline there to help them change their business model make the pivot and do that in 
a manner that allows them to impact both the revenue as well as the bottom line is 
extremely attractive to them along with the proven track record of executing against that 
and we continue to see pipeline to work with several newspapers and publishers along 
those dimensions. 
The tech space is a little different. Here we work with two kinds of players. On one hand, 
we work with several companies which are themselves trying to disrupt traditional 
industries, whether it is on the EdTech side, one of the wins that we had last quarter 
was with the company, which was in the freight and logistics space, but was disrupting 
traditional freight and logistics providers with the SAS platform and several of these 
companies are again looking for a full-fledged transformation agenda. The second part 
of the tech space that we work with is with several companies in Silicon Valley and a 
lot of the work that we are doing out here is providing the plumbing that is required to 
ensure that they can have the right trained data sets that feed into the foundational 
models itself. A lot of this work is project based. It has quick turnaround times. It requires 
significant critical thinking skills and it requires to work in close tandem with these big 
tech companies because the nature of work is first time, but at the same time it has a 
significant runway in terms of growth itself. So, we see today across all of these 
segments pipeline that is very attractive and we feel good about therefore the 
opportunity that is there. Also, given the size of this unit for us, I think the opportunity to 
grow exists just on account of what we have from a pipeline perspective. Hopefully that 
addresses your question. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, my question is that Ritesh, don't you see the need for upgrading the guidance on 
the organic basis because there is no point doing it, given the historical precedence or 
to say that is there an upside risk to the current guidance because you are baking in 
the potential downside, but if things are smoother than what you are thinking, you could 
eventually do better than that? So, that is question number one. Question number two 
is also to understand the need for investment in the business because it seems we are 
in a decent business trajectory and a double digit organic growth may sustain beyond 
FY25, so will that be accretive by nature or there could be some conflicts in terms of 
margins going forward as well? And lastly, on the ETR, if you could give a flavor in 
terms of how it should pan out in FY26 and FY25? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Sorry, could you repeat the third question again, Rahul? 
Rahul Jain: 
Third one was basically an effective tax rate if you could guide for near to medium term? 
Dinesh Jain: 
I think our band was 18%-20%, we did 19.2% in current quarter, but we see that it will 
be within that range for the full year. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, Rahul, let me reiterate the comments that I made on the guidance front, right? 
Before we started the fiscal year FY25, our guidance was 10%-13% because that is 
what we had visible at that point in time from a line-of-sight standpoint. At the end of 
Q1, when we saw the demand environment being significant in terms of what we saw 
plus the fact that we had very strong Q1, we upgraded the guidance to 11.5%-13.5%. 
At the end of Q2, we are back out here with a good set of numbers in Q2 as well and 
again, we are at the point where we have upgraded our organic guidance given what 
we have today from an environment perspective. It is based on a line of sight of the 
business over the next 2 quarters as of today as we see it, I am not getting into qualifying 
it in any manner or comment on the Q-on-Q growth calculations or what it means. But 
what I will say again is our guidance does not build any changes in the macro 
environment that represents potentially an upside. Our simple objective is to keep your 
focus on supporting clients proactively on their transformation agendas and identifying 
opportunities to expand our footprint, both within the existing accounts as well as 
landing new logos. What I also feel good about is the fact that our sales engine is 
chugging well. I feel confident of our revamped go-to-market strategy and the rigor we 
are bringing in our execution and that is what gave us the confidence to raise the 
guidance to 14.5%-15.5% excluding the 5% contribution we expect from Ascensos for 
the year. I will leave it at that. What was your second question? 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, that was more on the margins to understand it. Do we see there are needs for 
investment in some which could be beyond this year, or you think the margin profile 
should be accretive going forward if the growth sustainability stays? 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited  
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, I will just say one thing. Let me give you some background. If you look at some of 
the investments that we have made, there have been broadly 3 areas, right. The first 
has been an expanding our sales and marketing team and our account management 
teams itself, right, I spoke about how our sales team has grown by over 40% in the last 
6 months. We largely over in this area, though, we will keep adding a few people as we 
see the need. The second is on the capability side where we have beefed up our 
leadership team as well as the solution that hires. We have accelerated some of our 
investments, especially around investments in modernizing our services portfolio by 
infusing AI and automation, some of which I talked about earlier. But I talked about rely 
and also more specifically about the investment in the mortgage specific large language 
model as well. So, while we continue on one hand to drive cost optimization initiatives 
to fund these investments, given some of the accelerated investment plan on the 
capability modernization also in the coming quarters, the way to think about this is that 
the optical flow through of those into reported margins that we were expecting could get 
pushed out, but we expect our margins could remain in a band. And at the same time, 
I also want to reiterate this does not change the trajectory of the 50 to 75 basis point 
improvement that we expect every year over the medium term from FY26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, firstly, thank you all for joining the call and for your questions. I just want to close 
out with a few final comments. We are making steady progress on our revamped go-to-
market strategy and remain laser focused on building a resilient and durable business 
with industry leading growth. Our sales engine is working well. We have had three large 
deal wins in each of the last two quarters as well as our Q2 closing pipeline has been 
healthy. There is an upward movement in the number of clients across all the revenue 
markets. The Ascensos acquisition gives us a strong near-shore footprint, which we 
plan to leverage well with some of our existing large UK as well as US clients. Our solid 
growth in H1 gives us a good base to raise our FY25 revenue growth guidance to 
19.5%-20.5% which we believe should place us in the top decile of the industry in terms 
of revenue growth. That is all from our side and we look forward to interacting with you 
again in the next quarter call. Thank you all and I wish you a very happy and festive 
season. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Firstsource Solution Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
