 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 12th November, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 7th November, 2024 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 18th October, 2024 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 7th November, 2024. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
Manisha Saraf
Digitally signed by Manisha Saraf 
Date: 2024.11.12 15:01:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRANAV AMIN–MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. R.K. BAHETI – DIRECTOR - FINANCE & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MR. NILESH WADHWA – HEAD - INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND 
STRATEGY  
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE  
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have with us today, Mr. Pranav Amin, Managing Director; Mr. 
R.K. Baheti, Director, Finance and CFO; Mr. Nilesh Wadhwa, 
Head, International Business and Strategy; Mr. Ajay Kumar 
Desai, Senior VP, Finance. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
As a reminder, this conference call is only for analysts and 
institutional investors. All participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Amin. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Mr. Baheti is here with me, 
he has got a little soft throat, so I'll just read out his part.  
Thank you all for joining the second quarter results conference 
call. I'm sure you will have received the results by now. However, 
let me briefly take you through some of the numbers for the 
quarter ended September '24. 
 
During the quarter, total revenue grew 3% to INR1,648 crores. 
EBITDA is at INR 257 crores, which is 15.6% of sales, and it's 
grown by 18%. Net profit grew by 12% to INR153 crores.  
EPS for the quarter is INR7.79 per share versus INR 6.95 for the 
previous corresponding quarter. 
 
The gross borrowings are INR 995 crores compared to INR 784 
crores  on September 2023. The company has INR 122 crores of 
cash on hand versus INR 141 crores of cash on September 2023.  
I'll just give a brief about the India business on behalf of Shaunak. 
The India branded business grew 6% to INR 609 crores for the 
quarter.  
It had good growth in specialty therapies such as gynecology, 8%; 
cardiology, 11%; antidiabetic 18%; and 13% in ophthalmology. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
The animal health business again continues its robust growth, 
and it grew 20% for the quarter, with a basket of strong brands 
driving the outperformance.  
We had 3 launches in India during the quarter, and the new 
launches continue to do well, along with a lot of promising future 
launches across key segments. 
 
Coming to the international operations.  
We had a surprise inspection from the U.S. FDA at our Oncology 
facility, which passed without any Form 483.  
The U.S. business continues to see price erosion, but we partially 
offset that with an increase in volumes and new launches. We had 
about a 25% growth in the U.S. volume. 
 
We continue to build momentum with new launches and should 
hopefully see better growth in H2 with a lot of our launches 
coming up and being a little more backended. We should launch 
about 10 products in H2 as well.  
Our R&D expense was 8% of sales at INR 133 crores for the 
quarter.  
We filed 1 ANDA.  
We also received 9 approvals and launched 8 products in the U.S. 
during the quarter. And as I mentioned, we will launch about 10 
products in H2 as well. 
 
In terms of financials, the U.S. generics grew 5% to INR 467 
crores for the quarter.  
The ex U.S. generics was back on growth at 18%. We did have 
some supply related issues in the first quarter and part of second 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
quarter. So I expect this part of the business to continue growing 
well H2 also. 
 
The API business degrew by 15%. This is a trend that we've seen 
in the last couple of quarters. We've seen some price erosion in 
the API business and have lost some key accounts. However, the 
long-term outlook on the API business still looks good and it's a 
high-margin business for us. 
 
With that, I would like to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Our first question is from the line of 
Rashmi S. from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rashmi S: 
One question on the domestic business. We are seeing a very 
strong growth in your animal health care business. But we are 
seeing a very -- I mean, we are seeing a growth slowdown in the 
Specialty segment also. Like earlier, we anticipated that we will 
be growing this into the double digits. So when can we expect this 
growth to come back? And what is leading to this slow growth in 
the Specialty segment? 
 
And in Acute segment, we have seen a decline, and I understand 
that we have a high base of Azithral, but if you can give more 
clarity on this part of the business also at Azithral, how are we 
doing? And for the full year, what should we expect in terms of 
the overall domestic business? 
R K Baheti: 
Couple of parts in your question. So let me try to answer one by 
one. H2 -- I mean, H2, we continue to expect to grow better than 
the market on overall basis, particularly the Specialty segments.  
Antibiotics, yes, Acute has degrown -- not degrown has been flat, 
but we are still better than the market in our RPM. So that's the 
situation in the market. But our efforts continue and we hope that 
we should post a better performance in H2. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Ajay Desai: 
And Rashmi, just to add on the specialty side of the business, 
basically for quarter 2, market growth was also in single digit, and 
we performed in line with the market. 
Rashmi S: 
Okay. And what about your ex Azithral, how much growth we 
have done in Acute part of the business? 
Ajay Desai: 
So basically, on cough and cold side, there is a growth in single 
digits, but on anti-infective side and you know majorly it is driven 
by Azithral, the impact is getting felt. Yes. 
Rashmi S: 
Okay. But for the overall FY '25, the growth should be like in the 
high single-digit sort of for this year? 
R.K.Baheti 
For that kind of growth in whole year, we have to do 15% growth 
in H2, which may not be possible. We should do a high single-
digit growth at least in H2. 
Rashmi S: 
Got it. And then going ahead in FY '26 and '27, how should we 
look at it? What are the initiatives... 
R. K. Baheti: 
We are not giving guidances. 
Rashmi S: 
No, I'm just asking that what are the initiatives that you are taking 
to drive domestic growth like in terms of adding market field force 
or new product launches, what are you focusing on more volume 
growth, price hike... 
R. K. Baheti: 
 Growth not driven by increase in number of field force. It's more 
driven by better productivity out of our existing team. 
Rashmi S: 
Yes. But anything like any focus on volume growth or price hike 
or anything... 
R. K. Baheti: 
No, no. I do not like to get into details at this moment. 
Rashmi S: 
Okay. And second question is on the U.S. business. We have 
done very good number of launches. And what is the expectation 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
in the second half? The current run rate definitely would pick up 
in the second half. So any guidance on the U.S. part of the 
business for the full year? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes.  I don't have a guidance for you, but H2 will be much stronger 
for us compared to H1. A couple of reasons for that.  Lot of our 
launches are back-ended and they will start picking up -- we will 
start picking share only in this quarter onwards. So H2 will 
definitely be much stronger for us in the U.S. market as it will be 
for the ROW market as well. 
Rashmi S: 
Okay. And my last question is on gross margin. Gross margin, 
despite -- I mean India business has not done well, we were able 
to maintain it at 74%, which is much better than last year. So is it 
that it's majorly driven by the U.S. segment and your non-U.S. 
segment? And in case of India business comes back, at least in 
line with the IPM in second half, how should we see the gross 
margins in your second half of the year? 
R K Baheti: 
I've responded to that question multiple times in the past that we 
are happy with anything which is 70%-plus and 1.5% margin here 
and there doesn't make big difference. It would depend on the 
product mix of the quarter. It can depend on new launches which 
we do, it can also depend on ratio of oral solids and non-oral 
solids in the U.S. So I think 72% ± is a good range to be in. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. 
Damayanti Kerai: Pranav, my first question is on the U.S. price erosion. So you 
mentioned you continue to see this. Can you comment like has 
there been any change compared to, say, last few quarters in 
terms of intensity of price erosion? 
Pranav Amin: 
I think it's the same. To be honest, it's just product specific, if 
something happens. It's the same routine price erosion that we 
continue seeing, it could be anywhere between high single digits 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
to low double digits. That's what we're seeing in terms of the 
market. 
Damayanti Kerai: And what are your expectations on pricing part? Will similar level 
will continue or we can see some meaningful changes in coming 
quarters? 
Pranav Amin: 
The fundamentals haven't changed. So we continue to see pricing 
pressures. As I mentioned from the high margin that we were 
selling some products has come down. So the impact will get a 
little lesser, but I expect H2 to be much better for us because we 
have a bunch of new launches that will start picking up stream in 
this quarter and the next quarter as well. 
Damayanti Kerai: So you mentioned around 10 new launches in second half, right, 
or that's for full year? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. 10 new launches in the second half and also, but the first -- 
the launches -- 8 launches that we've done in this quarter, as 
you've seen historically, Alembic will always gradually ramp up 
our market share. I think the same thing will happen. Hence, you 
will see that 8 launches that we've launched this quarter plus the 
10 in H2 as well, both these put together. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. That's clear. And 1 question on R&D. So earlier, you 
indicated INR 550 crores of R&D for this fiscal. Do you maintain 
it or there is any change in your expectation in terms of spend? 
Pranav Amin: 
 It will be a little bit on the lower side, we would be closer to the 
INR500 crores, INR520 crores kind of levels. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. And again, if you can remind where the majority of R&D is 
going right now in terms of formulations or... 
Pranav Amin: 
So I would say about 70% of it is formulations and about 30% of 
it would be on the API side. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. And my last question is on your API. You mentioned you 
lost some accounts. So those are permanent losses or what has 
led to that? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. It's a fundamental business shift. What has happened is 
we've seen pricing erosion in the API business. As you know, our 
API business over the last 15, 20 quarters has been growing very 
significantly, and it's a very high-margin business for us. So we 
lost some business. Some partners have put in an alternate 
source.We are still the part of it. We may recover it. But I expect 
that part of H2 will also be at these levels of the API business and 
hopefully, next -- towards the end of the year or next year, we will 
start getting back to growth in API. 
Damayanti Kerai: So API should be recovering from next fiscal, most likely? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, I believe so. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from 
ICICI Securities. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Sir, just a couple of questions, starting with your U.S. 
business. So among the 8 products what you have launched in 
this particular quarter, any flavor you would like to add on how the 
launches have been. Is it in line with your expectations, when you 
talk about a very strong second half of '25? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. I expect H2 to be much stronger for us, while on the H1, Q1 
and Q2, we did launch some products and I'll give an overview of 
the international generics what happened in H1. 
 
We had some supply constraints in H1, which we were very 
aggressive with picking up share in the market. We had the ROW 
business also which didn't grow as much in the first quarter. It's 
back to about 18% growth in the second quarter. This has a 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
strong order book, and I expect that the H2 will remain at these 
similar levels 15% to 20% growth, at least, for the ROW business. 
 
The U.S. generics also we've ramped up. Generally, as I told 
Damayanti earlier that we generally slowly ramp up our market 
share. So you'll see the benefit of that coming in H2 and a couple 
of new launches as well. So that should help the U.S. business 
ramp up as well. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Understood. And then second is on filing. So if I look at the 
H1 numbers, you have filed 4 products for the first half. Again, I 
know what do you aim to file in the second half? And just if I 
compare with your R&D. So your R&D, it's still kind of flattish if I 
compare with H1 '24, but the filing count has not been that 
significant. So... 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. So it's a good question. What happened is, a couple of years 
back when we started tapering off R&D spend, a lot of the projects 
were already in the pipeline,  so you will see a lag in R&D filings. 
I mean this year, we will see a lag in R&D filing because some 
R&D filings, number one, are getting pushed back to complex. 
And number two, we had a slight lag when we started reducing 
the cost. So we have let go some projects. So there will be a lag. 
From next year onwards, we will get back to the higher 15-odd 
ANDAs that we've been filing. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Understood, sir. And sir, final question on the other 
expenses. So just to understand, is this the run rate to what we 
can peg for the quarters ahead or does this includes certain one-
offs or any further color to that? 
R K Baheti: 
No, there are no one-offs, except that some expenses particularly 
in the India business, typically, Q2, Q3 have higher expense in 
promo and marketing than Q1 and Q4. So apart from this, there 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
are no one-offs. But if you compare Q2 versus Q2 of previous 
year,  it will be similar numbers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, with respect to this API business, we've lost some 
accounts. So if you could just maybe probably elaborate the 
reasons for this? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes.  It's just a matter of price erosion and competitors offering 
lower prices, and we moved some, I think. There are a few key 
accounts that we lost is built up which occurred, but we're seeing 
price erosion. Unfortunately, the data, export data from India is 
very opaque and people have taken advantage of that. So that is 
what has caused part of this. 
 
But we're working on it to get some of the business back that we 
can. As you know, we do supply and we'd like to keep higher 
margins. We do like to supply, stress a lot more on the quality and 
timely deliveries and we're supplying at higher prices. We're also 
seeing China get a little more aggressive on the API side as well. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, is this to do with the inventory in the system or the API 
portfolio that we have or despite normalized inventory, we are 
seeing further price erosions? 
R K Baheti: 
No. Inventories, Tushar, have been built largely ahead of these 
planned launches. So these are planned... 
Tushar Manudhane: 
No. No, not for the -- not at the company level, sir? I'm 
referring to the inventory of those products at the industry level. 
R. K. Baheti 
No, no, I'm talking about inventory for the International business 
largely has been built for planned launches. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Tushar Manudhane: 
No, no, sir, I meant to ask that the lost business, 
particularly for the API side. So like maybe the other guys are able 
to -- are willing to supply at lower prices. So just trying to further 
understand that is it the inventory at the industry level itself is still 
so high, but the other players are coming and willing to sell at a 
lower prices, which we are not -- we don't want to do, is that the 
case? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, no. It's just purely related to pricing.  These products are used 
by others as well. So I'm not worried about the inventory per se. 
It's not a concern. It's just that they move -- we are still part of their 
active filing, right? Because DMF is part of the active ANDA or the 
dossier that we have. It's that that they move to a second vendor. 
Sometimes, buyers do it to getting a better price when they keep 
switching between 2 vendors as well. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And lastly, this is to do with supply to U.S. market or ex 
U.S. market for API business? 
Pranav Amin: 
 API is global market. So it pretty much goes all over the world. 
So it's --  it's U.S. as well as Canada, Europe, Brazil, everywhere. 
We're seeing a couple of products. There were 1 or 2 customers, 
which were selling in the U.S., but they have an FDA issue. So 
that has a lower offtake from us. The rest is just pricing pressure 
and some customers have moved to another buyer. And the third 
issue is our buyers themselves have lost market share in some 
products. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara 
Capital. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Just 2 products in the U.S. market. I wanted to know if it is 
something we can expect in the next 12 to 24 months. One is 
bosutinib and the other is olaparib? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Nilesh Wadhwa: 
So, yes, I think these launches are expected, but it will go as per 
the settlement. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Yes. I mean, could you give any color in terms of can we 
expect in the next 12 to 18 months or is it beyond that? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, if you can come a bit closer to a mic. 
Nilesh Wadhwa: 
So these will go as per the settlement we have. Date cannot be 
disclosed right now. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. And on olaparib, is there a settlement already 
or is it still under litigation? 
Nilesh Wadhwa: 
Yes, olaparib is under partnership. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Yes. I'm wondering if you have settled it already or is it still 
under litigation? 
Nilesh Wadhwa: 
Still under settlement. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK 
Investment Managers. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Yes. Sir, the first one is on your operating cash flow, which I think 
is negative year-to-date for this year. There's a rise in working 
capital. There's also an increase in debt sequentially as well. So 
can you elaborate on this? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, I'll just start on the business side, and then I'll let Mr. Baheti 
talk about it. 
 
So business side two things happened. As I mentioned, Q1, Q2, 
we had a lot of supply constraints in the market. These supply 
constraint caused us to build up more inventory. So this -- and as 
I said, that H2 will be more robust for both U.S. as well as Europe. 
So we should see a little more normalized. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Number two, we have a lot of launches coming up, and we've 
been planning for that. So those launches is something that we 
built up inventory. Those are two of the reasons why we had a 
little higher inventories, which has led to a little higher debt. 
R K Baheti: 
Yes. And in September quarter, debt spiked a bit because of the 
dividend outflow, and it will settle down over the year.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Right, sir. Can we expect to maintain our working capital days and 
cash conversion cycle for FY '25 at same level as FY '24 at the 
close of the year? 
R K Baheti: 
Probably that will be a close call. But going forward, if we talk of 
FY '26, I think we should be back to normal level  
Gagan Thareja: 
All right. And on the domestic business, is it possible to 
understand I mean, it generally seems that across-the-board 
acute heavy portfolio companies are struggling for growth. While 
it's understandable that you grow -- your growth is in line with the 
covered market. Is it possible to further drill down and understand 
why the covered market in Acute segment seems to have grown 
so weekly across the board for Indian companies? 
 
I mean, as a customer, I don't see any reduction in incidence of 
infectious diseases. Personally speaking, my experience has not 
been any different this year, if anything worse than last year? 
R K Baheti: 
Actually, it is because this time monsoon was little late.  June was 
bad. So the offtake from the stockist was low. July onwards it 
picked up. But again, the footfall with the doctors for acute has 
gone down. 
 
If you look at the market share, we have not lost the market share. 
We continue to perform better than the market. We continue to 
improve; maybe a small percentage -- a percentage basis point, 
but we continue to improve on our key products market share. So 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
that way, we are really not worried, but yes, market has been 
slightly slow. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And would it had something to do with trade generics also? 
I mean do you believe that overall branded generics in Acute 
segment would have additionally lost share to trade generics. 
R K Baheti: 
Possible. I mean, I would not say it's still significant. But in 
pockets, some regional players can play as disruptor, trade 
generics can. But -- overall all India basis, not much difference. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus 
Spark. 
Harith Ahamed: 
I see a tangible CWIP of almost INR650 crores on the balance 
sheet. Can you share which facilities this is related to? And if we 
are capitalizing any costs currently like we used to do in the past? 
R K Baheti: 
We have 3 major projects around as of now in hand, one is a new 
formulation facility for domestic market, which is coming up  near 
Indore. That should be completed by the end of this financial year. 
 
The second is peptide block, which we are building at our  existing 
API facility, and the third is couple of line extensions which we are 
doing at F3, 2 more lines we're adding like I shared this previously 
also. Currently,  we have 3 operating lines, we're adding 2 more 
lines to, one will be operational, I think, by end of this year or early 
next year. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And in your annual report, you talked about 2 filings in the 
peptide space. So can you comment whether these are indeed -- 
these are for GLP-1 products? 
Pranav Amin: 
The GLP-1s, as you know, is an interesting area, and it's a good  
future that we're seeing. And we're entering some of these, both 
in formulation and API perspective. Hence, we have to build this 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
capability for in-house APIs. We've got R&D developed. And 
some of the products we're going to tap with day 1 as well. 
Harith Ahamed: 
But the 2 filings that you have already done, are these for GLP-1 
product? 
Pranav Amin: 
Sorry, I didn't get, the GLP or how many filings we've done? 
Harith Ahamed: 
In your annual report, you mentioned a couple of filings, 2 NDAs 
filed for peptides. So I was wondering if these are GLP-1 
products. 
Pranav Amin: 
No, the ones that we filed are not GLP-1, they are the peptides. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And when I look at your number of MRs and calculate the 
PCPM, we've been around that 4 lakh PCPM for some time. So 
any divisions that are underperforming where we can expect 
improvement or any other measures that we've undertaken, 
which can drive an improvement in our PCPM and our domestic 
margins? 
R K Baheti: 
We don't look at the underperformance or overperformance by 
the average of 4 lakh or 3.5 lakh. We look at the performance from 
the budget which we have given to them. So if any new division 
or any new product which we introduced would have a lower 
PCPM to start with, and that is not something which is worrying.  
So there are multiple factors, which we evaluate when we 
evaluate performance of the people. 
 
But having said that, I agree that there is a scope for improvement 
in our MR productivity and that's what we are working on.  In 
response to one of the earlier questions I said that the next level 
of growth will come from productivity improvement and not 
increasing the number of people. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Moderator: 
Next, there's a follow-up question from the line of Rashmi S. from 
Dolat Capital. 
Rashmi S: 
Yes. One bookkeeping question on other income, that seems to 
be pretty high during the quarter. So does it include any forex gain 
or any one-off? 
R K Baheti: 
Yes. So there were some forex gain this quarter. 
Rashmi S: 
And if you can quantify that? 
R K Baheti: 
That would be about INR10 - 12 crores 
Rashmi S: 
INR10 crores to INR12 crores. Okay. And when I see the balance 
sheet, the short-term borrowings have jumped up from INR450 
crores to around INR995 crores. This would remain at the same 
level until the end of the year, or any repayment is planned? 
R K Baheti: 
So I responded to this in previous question saying that Q2 
typically would have a higher borrowing because of  a chunk of 
dividend outflow. 
Rashmi S: 
Okay. 
R K Baheti: 
And the borrowing level will get reduced over a period of time. 
Also, as Pranav said, we have built some working capital, which 
should also get consumed before the end of the financial year. So 
hopefully, the borrowing level will be much lower by -- before end 
of the year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amlan Das from Nomura. 
Amlan Das: 
Sir, probably I missed in the opening remarks, what was your 
R&D spend for the quarter? 
Pranav Amin: 
INR130 crores, it was about 8% of sales. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo 
Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, my question was on the GLP front. You are saying that we 
have a couple of products where we'll be like -- we'll be planning 
to launch on the first day. So just wanted to understand, are there 
some of the large products like Sema or how relatively lower-
revenue products? 
Pranav Amin: 
So we don't really give details of what we launched. But one thing 
I can say that H2 is going to be a much better for us for the U.S. 
as well as ROW business. As I mentioned that ROW will be better 
because in Q1, we had some supply constraints. We expect  
growth  in  H2. 
 
And in U.S., as I mentioned, we launched 8 products in Q2, and 
we gradually start picking up, ramping up market share  -- we 
have some supply constraints. We also have about 10 launches 
in H2 as well. So with all this put together, H2 will be a much 
stronger business for U.S. and ROW generics. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. So my question was particularly on the GLP given the kind 
of growth the innovators are seeing in this segment. So like -- as 
you said, we are also planning to launch these products. So how 
is the competitive intensity there? And are we also planning to 
launch, or have we filed for some of the large products like Sema? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. we will launch -- we will target semaglutide and tirzepatide 
both. There's still time of tirzepatide and the launch is still some 
time off. Sema, we will not be in the first wave, we will be a little 
late. it's both interesting products. So we will -- they're both in 
aggregate. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir, how do you see the competitive intensity there? These 
are very big blockbuster products... 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Pranav Amin: 
It's a big product and the indications are increasing day on day 
off. So we expect volumes also to continue growing. There's a lot 
of people working on this as well. So it will be competitive for sure. 
It's a good opportunity and you need to be present in this 
opportunity. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And just like -- like are we also planning to liraglutide? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, liraglutide we're a little late, so we haven't filed that. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Sure. And this will be manufactured by us or will be 
outsourcing to some other ARC? 
Pranav Amin: 
 Mr. Baheti mentioned earlier that we've set up  a peptide facility, 
purely as R&D. We're setting up a facility to do peptide as well as 
the GLP-1 peptides, so we will manufacture in-house. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. So just wanted to get your sense, given this, these 
are a relatively new area for us and these are peptide products 
which are difficult to manufacture. So do you think we have 
developed enough capabilities to manufacture them in-house? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. That's why we did the capex. We did the R&D way before 
this, the peptide R&D we've been doing for 4 - 5 years now. So 
we do have confidence in that. And I think it's a good segment, as 
I mentioned, it's not just Lira, Sema and tirzepatide. We will see 
more GLP-1s coming because we're seeing indications in the 
market improve. So we want to be present in this segment. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And just one question on this. Sema is like are we planning 
to launch Sema in Canada? Also I think that patent is getting 
expired in January '26. So will we be launching there as well? 
Pranav Amin: 
as I mentioned, Sema will be a little late. We haven't disclosed 
marketwise what our strategy is, but we'll be a little late. The 
following ones will be in time for all the markets. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pranav Amin for closing comments. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone. As I mentioned, it was a mixed bag. 
API was a little bit slower for us this quarter, but the other 
businesses are looking good. H2 should be a much stronger finish 
for us, especially on the back of the ROW and the U.S. business, 
and look forward to talking to you next quarter. If there's any 
further questions, you can please reach out to us. Thank you, and 
wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
