 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of  
India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, 
Block – G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range 
Kolkata -  700001 
Sub:  
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q2 FY25 results 
Further to our letters dated November 5, 2024 and November 13, 2024, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Q2 FY25 results of the Company, held on 
Wednesday, November 13, 2024. 
The said transcript is also available under the Investor Meet/Call Section of the website of the 
Company at  https://www.evereadyindia.com/investors/investor-meet-call/. 
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Very truly yours, 
EVEREADY INDUSTRIES INDIA LTD. 
 
  
 
 
 
(T. PUNWANI) 
VICE PRESIDENT – LEGAL 
                                                                                                             & COMPANY SECRETARY 
Enclo: As Above   
 
TEHNAZ 
PUNWANI
Digitally signed by 
TEHNAZ PUNWANI 
Date: 2024.11.20 
15:21:58 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Eveready Industries India Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Eveready Industries Limited Q2 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" 
then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Eveready Industries India's 
Q2 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call.  
Today we are joined by senior members of the management team including Mr. 
Suvamoy Saha – Managing Director and Mr. Bibek Agarwala – Executive Director & 
Chief Financial Officer.  
We will begin the call by sharing the standard disclaimer: Some of the statements 
that may be made on today's conference call could be forward-looking in nature and 
the actual results could vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed 
disclaimer in this regard is available in the Press Release document which has been 
circulated to you earlier and also available on Stock Exchange websites.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Saha to share his perspectives with you. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you, Nishid, and a very warm welcome to all of you on our second quarter 
earnings call.  
We at Eveready are custodians of two very valuable assets, the well-loved Eveready 
brand and a formidable distribution infrastructure. It is the responsibility of the 
management team that these assets are used wisely to provide value for all our 
stakeholders and deliver growth in each of our business segments.  
On this call today, we will try to outline the underlying opportunities across the 
businesses and provide an update on where we stand.  
In terms of financial parameters, we are stable and our margins have stayed healthy. 
We also remain optimistic for the balance of the year. Profits have trended well, aided 
by favorable input costs, but before I share thoughts on the business segments, I 
wish to cover the highlights of some of our key strategic initiatives.  

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
As mentioned in our earlier calls, the RTM exercise was kicked off by us to streamline 
our distribution processes, to deliver higher levels of efficiency and also become 
more contemporary. Such an elaborate exercise that encompassed the entire 
process of selling came with its share of challenges and risks. We made these 
challenges over the past few quarters, including the one under review, but now the 
revised system seems to be on the cusp of yielding results. We expect that the 
performance gains will become apparent in the coming quarters.  
Just as we modernized our traditional general trade channels, we also focused on 
developing alternative channels where our offerings have seen traction like in 
modern trade, e-commerce, quick commerce and electrical outlets.  
Communication is a core aspect of our growth aspirations. We have set our A&P 
spends at a pace for consistent consumer engagement. As a consumer facing 
company, our chief endeavor is to bring quality offerings that are in tune with the 
times and engage our consumers with this. Our strategy involves a combination of 
advertising and BTL promotions in order to maintain saliency of the brand and a 
leading presence in the marketplace.  
We have initiated steps to build a manufacturing facility for alkaline batteries in order 
to support growth aspirations. This is going to be the only alkaline facility in the 
country at this time and we aim to drive strong gains on quality and cost with control 
over the production chain.  
Our desire to be an innovative brand will draw support from this investment. In order 
to derive comprehensive benefits of cost and efficiency, we are planning for this 
facility to be a multi-product facility and eventually other categories will also be 
produced here.  
At this point, let me cover some thoughts on our business segments.  
Commencing with batteries, despite some shifts in the market, we are pleased to 
have retained our robust 53% market share in batteries, underscoring our ongoing 
leadership in a highly competitive segment. The overall segment saw modest 
contraction, primarily arising out of weak demand from the rural segment.  
However, our diversification within battery types showed positive momentum. Our 
alkaline battery segment saw an impressive 62% growth in value. This demonstrates 
a promising trend as consumer preferences gradually shift and we are well 
positioned to meet this demand with the quality and reliability of our products.  
The marketing traction that our alkaline range has seen has been good. This has 
emboldened us to take the bold step of putting up the manufacturing facility that I 
referred to a little earlier. Also, the headroom to grow is vast as India catches up to 
the global trends in terms of per capita usage.  
In the Carbon Zinc category, which still services the bulk of the country's domestic 
demand, we are the de facto leaders in both volume and value. This gives us the 
right to play and win. Batteries being the dominant contributor to our top line and 
margins, naturally all possible efforts are made to create strong leverage in this 
space.  
Let me now come to flashlights. I am glad to share that the pace of de-growth in the 
battery-operated category has abated to single digit. It may be recalled that the level 
of de-growth was at a much higher number a year ago.  

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
On the other hand, the rechargeable segment is maintaining growth as has been the 
trend in this category. The battery-operated flashlights have a strong correlation with 
monsoon. Although not very uniform, the monsoon BCR was somewhat abundant, 
thereby translating into healthy demand within the target market in rural settings.  
The rechargeable flashlights grew on the back of unique and innovative models 
introduced by us. The introduction of new models with rich feature functionality by 
our design group as per identified consumer needs is the core of this business. Two 
new launches during the quarter appeal to the people's imagination significantly. One 
was called the Siren with a panic button for the vulnerable at times of distress. 
“Bheemlite” is the other one with a differentiated offering designed for farmers who 
need to keep night vigil to protect their crop.  
Backed by these tailwinds, the category had a decent 16% revenue growth during 
the quarter and 7% for the half year. We intend to deliver a healthy growth for the full 
year and maintain this momentum. As the leader in the organized space, we aspire 
to balance presence in both battery-operated and rechargeable categories.  
I move forward to the lighting business now. The industry continues to witness price 
erosion in the consumer segment, particularly in bulbs and battens though at a 
somewhat reduced pace but still pronounced compared to the same quarter of last 
year. We have now a respectable lineup of SKUs in the retail market comprising of 
not only bulbs and battens but also emergency lamps, luminaires and accessories. 
We are under-indexed in the consumer luminaires space and our focused attention 
is now being provided to see higher traction.  
While we managed to grow volumes in most product types, the overall top line for 
the business remained muted on account of price erosion. We are confident of 
seeing significant growth coming in the coming quarters as the base of Q3 last year 
onwards already captures a very significant part of the price erosion.  
The BU team is also focusing on the segment of professional luminaires catering to 
institutions. Professional luminaires is the higher growth segment of the lighting 
market and we are under indexed there as we inherently tend to focus more on the 
consumer side.  
However, this being our new thrust area, we will make amends to that. We have 
assembled a team with the requisite expertise and with the necessary connect to this 
market. The results have started coming in and though from a small base yet, this 
segment is showing good growth.  
In summary, lighting is an area of focus, and we expect to exceed the year on 
satisfactory level of growth.  
I want to bring a quick review of the Quarter's Results: 
We reported revenue of INR362.4 crore during Q2 relative to INR364.9 crore 
previously. I have already explained the dynamics from the respective categories 
contributing to this revenue. While the top line is muted, EBITDA and PAT stood 
strong with significant improvements over the previous year. EBITDA reached 13.2% 
and 13.7% of revenue for the quarter and the half-year respectively. Similarly, PAT 
stood at 8.1% and 8.3% respectively. All three business verticals including lighting 
had positive EBITDA for the half year with batteries at 7% and lighting at 8.6%. 
A&P spends for the quarter stood slightly higher than those of the previous years but 
as per plan. Manpower cost also showed an uptrend at 12% for the quarter as 
compared to 11.3% of the previous year. This is on account of investments made in 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
manpower, particularly for the Lighting segment and more specifically for 
professional luminaires. This will get neutralized as we start seeing revenue growth 
in the forthcoming quarters. These impacts were softened by initiatives to contain 
cost in other aspects of the operation and favorable RM prices.  
At this point, I would like to share our thoughts on the output for the year. The year 
is shaping up, by and large, as expected with an improved growth outlook for the 
second half.  
In batteries, we are fully geared to charge ahead with our Zinc, Carbon and Alkaline 
offerings across distribution channels, suiting the requirements of consumers across 
price points and needs. One should expect stable performance relative to the past 
year as we exit the year given the muted situation in the Carbon-Zinc space. The 
margin should hold as we are covered for our requirements on key input materials.  
Flashlights should deliver positive growth on the back of differentiated SKUs that we 
have launched. Similarly, we shall see healthy accretion to growth in lighting given 
the many initiatives which I have mentioned earlier.  
Overall, we see a year of modest growth for the full year but exiting the second half 
at far more enhanced levels with a positive impact on margins.  
With that, I would like to invite you to pose your queries, which we will be more than 
happy to answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. The line for the participant dropped. Next question is from the line of Abhi 
Jain from AJ Associates. Please go ahead.  
Abhi Jain: 
Sir, I have three questions. The first question is, since you are saying that about price 
erosion started from Q3 of last year and you are seeing or you are hoping for an 
uptrend going forward in the following quarter, do you see that the revenue run rate 
will be maintained at the 350, 360 kind of a level for Q3 and Q4 which obviously 
dropped last year significantly due to the price erosion?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, see, generally our Q1 and Q2 are the big quarters. Q3 and Q4 are generally sub-
350 quarters. So, as we have indicated that we will have a growth momentum. So, 
we will try to be closer to that, but it may not be equal to the Q1 and Q2 numbers.  
Abhi Jain: 
But it will definitely be better than Q3 and Q4 of FY '24, right?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Definitely, because that is why we said that all the exercises, RTM, identification, all 
has been done and that is where growth momentum will come from H2.  
Abhi Jain: 
The second is more of a hygiene question on the financials. Now, if you look at your 
PBT, given that the revenue was flat year-on-year and if you look at all your expense 
items, more or less they were flat or there were some increases, for example, in our 
expense. EBITDA growth has predominantly come from the increased end of period 
inventory that we have. If you look at your change in inventory because that is a big 
negative number, hence the EBITDA is higher. So, I just want to understand that, I 
understand that it was a flat quarter as compared to last year, hence, PBT would not 
have increased, and whatever PBT increase coming is from the increased inventory 
that we have at the end of the year. In Q3 and Q4, what are the things or what are 
the levers that you are seeing which will actually, generally help in increasing the 
EBITDA margin? Because this EBITDA margin is not a real EBITDA margin increase 
per se. This is just end of inventory increase because of its EBITDA increase.  

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Bibek Agarwala: 
I did not get your point, you know, why don't you think that is a real margin?  
Abhi Jain: 
So, if you see our PBT, right, all our expenses, all the line items, they all are either 
flat or increased. Now, there is only one line item which is a change in inventory of 
INR100 crore, right, which is a minus INR16.2 crore. That is, because it is negative 
INR16 crore, that is adding to your PBT. If you take that out, your ending inventory 
would not have increased. It is on account of end of period inventory increase, right, 
because of which it is reflecting through in the PBT. I mean, no other cost lever has 
reduced. So, year-on-year, I don't see any improvement in any cost lever. Your 
material cost is same. Finance cost is down a bit. Employee cost has increased by 
almost 7%-8%. Other expenses are up by almost 10%. So, what cost optimization, 
where is it showing? I just want to understand that.  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, I think your reading of the P&L has to be, the changes in the inventory is part of 
cost of material only. It is not that year end inventory, because what happens, you 
have to see the entire change in inventory along with the cost of material as well. 
Because sometime you consume from opening stock, sometime you may consume 
the lesser from opening stock.  
 
So, isolation, change in the inventory is not real reflection of what is the cost saving. 
It is not the cost saving that whatever differential you are saying Q2, that this year 
INR15 crore, last year INR5 crore. You have to see entire three line item of cost, cost 
consumed, material and the credit line. All three together actually give you cost. This 
is why we maintain that this period, the profitability improvement is mainly because 
of the favorable material cost we have. Because this period, our Zinc prices, 
especially which is a key product for us, is having a much better pricing. That is why 
we got a margin improvement there.  
Abhi Jain: 
So, basically, the RTM, the optimization like what will be achieved from the RTM, 
obviously that was not probably taken in Q2, given that other expenses and 
employee benefit cost, etc. are still elevated. Do you see that the optimization from 
RTM will start kick in Q3 and Q4 or do you still think that there are some few quarters 
away from that? 
Bibek Agarwala: 
I have already told that from the Q3 onwards, the benefit will start reaping on and of 
course, Q3 starts showing that and Q4 will have the full scale here. So, H2 will have 
the benefit and what intended objective of the RTM exercise.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
And which I might just add, that is not to sort of look at lower cost, but increased 
efficiency which results in growth. When we started, we never started with the 
objective of reducing cost. We started with the objective of improving efficiency as a 
result of which we can spark growth and that is what is going to happen from Q3.  
Abhi Jain: 
Just a final question on the pricing in terms of the lighting segment, right? As a retail 
customer, I have done certain market details and I understand that especially in 
terms of tubelights, Eveready's pricing is almost 20% to 30% lower than other 
competitors like Havells etc. So, are you still in market share? Are you still, this 
pricing is still because you want to gain market share? And do you think that you can 
increase your pricing in the near term or do you think that it will still take some time 
for you to charge a more favorable pricing, at least in terms of lighting? So, that is 
where we are seeing industry whether there is a price erosion.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you know, you are right to the extent, the percentage is not correct, You are right 
to the extent that Philips and Havells, they sit at the highest level on pricing, but then 
there are a host of other competitors who are, by and large, similarly priced. We are 
one of them. So, I would say we would put ourselves at number three along with few 
others. Correct?  

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Abhi Jain: 
I agree. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, I don't think that the pricing peaking order is going to change very significantly. 
What's going to change is that because we are going to offer a significantly higher 
range of products, our portfolio is increasing, our distribution rate is increasing, we 
should be able to spark growth. So, as I said in my remarks earlier, that we are under-
indexed on consumer luminaries, we are under-indexed on professional luminaries. 
So, once we get our act together in these aspects of the business, that should give. 
It is not going to come by increasing our prices suddenly and trying to get, you know, 
because they are far ahead of us, Havells and Philips.  
Abhi Jain: 
So, as a concluding note, I would just like to comment that your distribution strategy 
is working because most of the retailers and distributors are now placing Eveready's 
products, especially lighting, and they are pitching those products to the customers. 
So, I just want to congratulate the management that you have done a good job in 
terms of ensuring that the distributors and retailers are pitching your products and 
showing the benefits to the customers, especially in relation to your other highly 
priced competitors. So, good job on that.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you very much. I just thought I would clarify on that, that we are really sort of 
focusing on some of the under-indexed part of our business, which should provide 
us with further levers of growth as we go forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Priyank Chheda: 
Sir, my question is, have you spelled out a segment wise revenue and EBITDA, if in 
case I have missed out? For H1, it would be helpful.  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, segment wise revenue for H1. Batteries for us is a INR456 crore, flashlight 
INR108 crore and lighting is INR166 crore.  
Priyank Chheda: 
Flashlight is INR108, and lighting is?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
INR166.  
Priyank Chheda: 
INR166. And on the EBITDA side, sir?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
EBITDA side as a percentage you can take. The percentage for H1 will be 17.5 for 
the battery, 11.5 for the flashlight and 2.5 for the lighting business.  
Priyank Chheda: 
So, now, sir, coming to battery segment, the industry dynamics clearly show that 
alkaline is gaining share with all the macro tailwinds with respect to the higher usage 
of the electronic products and we are also gaining share. So, in this, if you can 
highlight further, what different are we doing which is leading to such a strong market 
share gain? What I remember is a market leader in alkaline battery has launched a 
value battery which was at the same price of Carbon zinc, so they could gain. What 
has been the steps taken by Eveready to gain market share in alkaline batteries?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, it is like this. First of all, I would just like to clarify that the value segment of 
alkaline is still at a premium of about 20% to the premium Carbon zinc product. So, 
the cornerstone for our strategy is that we are available in nearly 5 million outlets 
whereas the value alkaline of the competitor, the so-called competitor, is available 
only in about 500,000 outlets. So, that makes a difference. We go to every nook and 
corner of the country whereas the alkaline has still not penetrated that deeply.  

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Now we still recognize that alkaline is something that is for the future and we have 
to play in that area. So, we have taken this kind of bold step of putting this 
manufacturing facility which we have talked about and we have sort of ramped up 
our distribution to ensure that all alkaline friendly outlets get our coverage. So, that 
is exactly where we are.  
 
We have not compromised on our distribution or the placement of our Carbon zinc 
products. So, there is really no clash. There would be some little some little 
cannibalization here and there, but I don't think that is of any great significance. 
Where we have suffered this quarter and the half year is that the rural part of our 
business has gone down somewhat, which we are trying to see how to sort of recoup 
over the next two quarters.  
Priyank Chheda: 
Right. Sir, Carbon Zinc’s decline in volumes is also to do with the flashlights segment 
underperforming. Is that understanding correct?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, it is partly correct. While there are, you know, the rural part used to use a lot of 
these Carbon Zinc batteries for their flashlights. As they have moved into 
rechargeable flashlights, obviously they don't need the batteries. But there are other 
usages. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Now, coming to the whole battery segment, which is a market of 300 crore batteries, 
roughly sold at INR10 MRP. What would be this for a similar metric for alkaline 
industry?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Come again, what is this 300 crore?  
Priyank Chheda: 
So, there are roughly around 3 billion batteries which are sold annually as a industry 
size which is sold at a MRP of INR10. So, somewhere we come to a market size of 
3,000 crore. What would be the same dynamics for alkaline batteries? How many 
units and what is the average selling price of an alkaline battery?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you are talking of the company price of selling to the retailer, to the distributor? 
Priyank Chheda: 
Yes, you can say, yes, correct.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, first of all, volume wise, the size of the Carbon Zinc battery is 3 billion pieces, 
okay. And at a consumer level it is about 3,000 crore, which is again that if you take 
a blended consumer price of about INR10 to INR12. These are all very rough 
numbers. The equivalent of alkaline, the value alkaline particularly because it has a 
slight blend of also the premium alkaline, that would be higher. That would be 
something closer to, you know, the consumer level if it is INR22 as I said, the value 
alkaline. If you look at the company price, it would be about INR15, INR16.  
Priyank Chheda: 
And what would be the volume demand in terms of annual sales?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Roughly I would say that, if you see roughly around 300 million against 3 billion. So, 
volume wise it is still about 10% of the total Carbon Zinc market. And 50% of that 
goes into OEMs and 50% to the retail market.  
Priyank Chheda: 
And OEM, you mean, which industries, sir?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
It goes into usages like particularly one prominent one is electronic voting machines, 
the EVMs.  

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Priyank Chheda: 
And sir, in terms of this industry size, which is around 450 crore for the value alkaline 
batteries, how do you see this?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
You take the whole alkaline.  
Priyank Chheda: 
Sorry, sir?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
You take the whole alkaline. I mean, that 450 crore is correct. It also comprises of a 
part which is the premium alkaline, which sells to the consumer at about INR50.  
Priyank Chheda: 
So, now talking about the total alkaline industry segment of 450 crore, how do you 
see this evolving? Is this industry also growing at 30%-40% where you would be 
growing because you have such a large distribution strength, you are growing 3x of 
the industry, how has been the growth? And any particular consumer segments 
which are witnessing a solid or non-linear high demand growth coming for alkaline 
batteries?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, typically, alkaline battery is taken by two types of consumers. One is one who 
wants to buy higher price products. Typically, richer people who think that if the price 
is higher, it would mean that the product is better. And another segment of people 
who are a little more discerning, who take these batteries for higher drainage devices 
like toys or camera.  
 
So, these are typically the types of consumers who take alkaline batteries and they 
are obviously in tier 1, maximum tier 2 terms, but not below that. You know that 
people would be more sort of price conscious and would prefer Carbon Zinc 
batteries. And because some devices simply do not require alkaline batteries, but if 
you look at the global market situation, most of the countries show heavy skew 
towards alkaline. Because you know, as people become prosperous, they tend to go 
towards pricier versions of the product.  
Priyank Chheda: 
On the industry growth, anything that is firing out according to you or is it that your 
growth is far superior than the industry?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
What you pointed out is right. Our growth is because we are just now coming of a 
smaller base, our growth is about 3x the level of the market. So, the market is 
growing at around 25%. We last quarter grew at 62%. So, till we have sort of 
saturated ourselves a little bit more, I see that growth trend remaining similar.  
Priyank Chheda: 
Just last question again on, sorry to ask more on the alkaline battery because that's 
the excitement. On the industry players, anything that you have seen in terms of 
market share, gains, losses that you can comment with respect to number one 
player, number two, number three, four? I think the other few smaller players have 
also started becoming a bit aggressive in terms of their distribution and everything. 
So, anything on the competitive landscape if you can highlight?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, as you know, I will just give you the landscape both for Carbon Zinc as well as 
alkaline because we must not forget that the replacement market of Carbon Zinc 
battery is still about 94% of the total market. I mean, you must not forget that. Alkaline 
replacement market, if we ignore the OEM part, is about 6%-7%, right?  
 
Now in the Carbon Zinc space, Eveready is obviously the market leader holding 
something like 60% share and our two competitors, significant competitors are Nippo 
and Panasonic. On the alkaline, which is the 6%-7% of the total battery market and 
we are very excited about that market just as much as you are excited about it and 
which is the reason why we are putting up a plant. We are still very small. So, in that 
market, Duracell is the big player because they have been around for a long time, 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
they have communicated, they have been around for 20 years pushing alkaline day 
in day out. So, they are about 85% of that market and we have just come to a stage 
of, I mean, to just cross the double-digit number. So, we have a huge headroom to 
grow.  
Priyank Chheda: 
And any other new player that you have found getting aggressive in alkaline battery 
other than?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
No. So, sorry I did not respond to that part. So, Nippo and Panasonic also do a little 
bit of alkaline but not significant yet, and no other players, but there are a host of 
players who also play in the OEM part, like supplying to EVMs and stuff like that.  
Priyank Chheda: 
If I can squeeze in one last question on the gross margins which the participants 
were asking. So, what has happened is over last six months we have seen almost a 
400 basis point of margin expansion and I believe a maximum of it has come in the 
battery segment. And our key raw materials tends to be Zinc and Electrolytic 
Manganese which constitute almost 60% of the raw materials. So, anything that has 
gone significantly lower on the raw materials or any price increase that we have taken 
on the battery side or with the mix changing, our ASP has gone up which leads to 
also a gross margin gain. So, roughly if you can help us crack down the gross margin 
gains that we have seen in the last six months?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
This is mostly on account of material margin. So, there are very hardly any price 
change because these are MRP driven markets. So, this is mostly, that is why I was 
trying to explain to the earlier gentleman who has raised the point on the cost part. 
So, this is mainly because, you have rightly said, 60% of the component from the 
EMD and the Zinc and they are little bit softer during the quarter and that is why the 
gain has been thrown there.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
I have a couple of questions from my side. One is, is there any update on the KKR 
arbitration bill?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, the status remains the same. So, there is no further update on the KKR thing. 
As we have said that in the past that from the KKR it has moved to some other party 
called Incred and from InCred it has now moved to some NBFC companies. So, we 
are waiting for the next hearing.  
Chirag: 
Is it possible for you to give a bifurcation of flashlight revenue mix? Earlier it was 
around 65-35 battery-operated and rechargeable. Has that changed drastically now?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
You want the split of the flashlight revenues between the two segments? It is nearly 
50-50 for the half year.  
Chirag: 
And what is our revenue from the alternate channel?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Alternate channel. The alternate channel revenue for the quarter will be around… 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Alternate channel or alkaline.  
Bibek Agarwala: 
What did you ask?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
You wanted what? 
Chirag: 
Alternate channel.  

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Bibek Agarwala: 
Alternate channel basically constitutes 16% of the total revenue. So, around INR60 
crore in the total mix.  
Chirag: 
Final, sir, I wanted to have an update on the CAPEX that we are planning for Alkaline. 
Has the location for the project been planned?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we have not yet finalized the exact location. We are sort of drawing between two 
locations. I think we should be able to take a final decision on this. We are just trying 
to see which ecosystem serves us better. So, we should be able to take a call by the 
middle of December or thereabouts. A final decision. While you know our work on 
machine building and on many other parameter or other equipments has already 
started and they are in fairly advanced stage of progress.  
Chirag: 
So, generally as we said earlier that this project would take a year time after the 
location has been planned. So, can I say that in H2 FY '26 this plant will 
commercialize and you can see the revenue started coming in and the benefit or cost 
saving of manufacturing can come into picture after H2 FY '26? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, I think H2 would be a good you know target to take because what you said is 
right. We did say that it will take one year from the time we settle on the land. But 
because we have now progressed quite significantly on the main part of the project 
which is machine building, we feel that even if we decide by 15th of December, we 
should be able to go live latest by 1st of October.  
Chirag: 
And sir, just the last one from my end. What would be the expected debt levels after 
the CapEx that we will do? Would it be around approximately about 480-500 crore 
level?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, see, as of now if you see our debt levels are INR256 crore and we are 
continuously reducing. So, we are looking for around INR150 crore debt for this 
project. So, while the existing debt will be keep reducing as per normal repayment 
schedule and there will be additional INR150 crore added to that. So, you can fairly 
see it will be a INR400 crore at a peak.  
Chirag: 
Sir, one last question if I can squeeze in.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Carry on please.  
Chirag: 
Just wanted a broad thought like we are going to be the only manufacturer of Alkaline 
batteries after our capacity commercializes. Any scope that we would be doing some 
kind of white labeling for other players too?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
That's a possibility. I mean, we do the same for even Carbon Zinc. So, of course you 
know the whole premise for the Alkaline plant is to sell Eveready Ultima not make 
private level business, but it is the part and parcel of any business today. So, of 
course, we will be open to that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Sir, I am just wanting to understand, obviously your competitor does not have a plant 
in India and has continued to grow. I remember in the last con call you mentioned 
that even after putting up the plant, your margins are not going to go higher in the 
Alkaline segment. I am just trying to understand the viability of putting up a plant in 
India. Just wanted your thoughts on that and what sort of return on capital do you 
expect from that facility? 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
First of all, I think you might have misunderstood us. Again, the whole premise of 
putting up the plant is not only will it sort of spark growth in this particular category 
but also with the objective that it would improve our margins. But I would leave Bibek 
to answer to that and you know the return of capital.  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Today our position is that we import the material from outside and there is a duty 
impact. Then the importer add a lot of profitability to that. So, when we are 
manufacturing in India, definitely there will be a very substantial margin gain, 
especially on the alkaline B2C side. And that is an over objective and of course, any 
investment has to have a proper IRR and ROI. So, we have taken a fair chance of 
the very decent ROI, especially for this alkaline project.  
Mithun Aswath: 
And just wanted to understand in the battery business also, are we seeing the same 
sort of kind of the cannibalization which we saw on the flashlight and hence the 
overall growth does not appear? In the flashlight as well, these other battery segment 
kind of degrow and the rechargeable flashlights are growing. Now even the battery 
segment is a much larger part of your business and if you are saying that the Carbon 
Zinc business is a dying business and the alkaline is where the growth is, but 93% 
of your business comes from Carbon Zinc, it's going to take a lot of time and effort 
for you to grow revenues. If you see over the last couple of years, despite your effort, 
the revenues at the total company level have been quite flat. So, I just want to 
understand you had very high aspirations of doubling your top line. But I am just 
trying to understand where are we in that trajectory. You are also looking at a new 
product line. I just want to understand where we are and do you see a lot more 
difficulty than what you saw maybe 18 months back?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, first of all, let us talk a little bit about the flashlight side. The flashlight side, it is 
quite clear that the battery-operated one has been degrowing for some time. This 
company did not, for whatever good, bad reason, I mean, there is no point in going 
back to the history did not enter this and consumers were taking on to rechargeable 
flashlights. This company did not go enthusiastically into that. It is only in the last two 
years that the company decided that we need to play in that as well.  
 
So, from a zero level contribution, today we have come to a stage where we are 50% 
from rechargeable flashlights into the overall turnover of flashlights. This half year 
and this quarter we grew, as I mentioned, by about 16% and 7% respectively, and 
we hope that this will be maintained.  
 
The flashlights market has a play of lot of unorganized players. We are also trying to 
take necessary, as I may, if I may say, action to neutralize because when there is an 
organized market where there is less bit of tax compliance, then less adherence to 
metrology rules etc., etc., it becomes a bit of a mixed bag. We are trying to also 
navigate that particular part. So, flashlights I think is going to remain a growth driver 
for the company in the times to come.  
 
Now let us come to batteries. I must once again highlight that Carbon Zinc still for 
the whole Indian market is 94% of the market, right, where we hold 60% of the 
market. We are a small player in the 6% of the market, which is the alkaline market, 
and we have just become a 10% plus player in that area. But we identify that with 
growing prosperity, people will shift to alkaline as it has happened in all other 
countries.  
 
So, we have taken this preemptive step, if I may say, or let us say somewhat 
adventurous or, say, aggressive step of putting up a manufacturing facility that 
provides us with higher level of margins and gives us control on the production chain.  
 
So, we would play in both because there would be price sensitive consumers who 
would continue to and they don't require the alkaline because we can go into 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
flashlights and wall clocks and stuff like that which does not require alkaline. We will 
put alkaline into the hands of the people who can afford to pay higher price and they 
may have higher drain devices, costlier devices which require alkaline.  
 
So, I think there can be peaceful coexistence. It has happened in most countries. But 
with growing affluence, people do tend to shift to alkaline and then there is a 
cannibalization obviously. I mean, a battery is something that people need for their 
device. They can only use either an alkaline battery or a Carbon Zinc battery. Now, 
if you are using a Carbon Zinc battery and it replaces that with an alkaline battery, 
obviously there is no case for the Carbon Zinc battery. But I think, India is still far 
away from that conversion while there is very, very decent tailwinds behind the 
alkaline category at this point of time.  
 
So, I don't think overall, see, this year, the problem we have faced is nothing to do 
with alkaline cannibalizing Carbon Zinc. It has come because there has been very 
poor off-take right through the half year from the rural part of our business where we 
have suffered. So, that is something that we are analyzing why that took place and 
what are the countermeasures that we need to do, is it just a temporary market 
problem or is it something to do with us or whatever. So, that part is what we are 
focusing on. It has no reflection on the overall market.  
Mithun Aswath: 
But I just wanted your thought. On the Carbon Zinc category, is the market itself 
declined in the first half?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, it is. As I told you, it declined from the rural part of the market.  
Mithun Aswath: 
And the last maybe, I am just trying to understand the trend with the next number. 
Do you see that even growing at low single digits or do you see it being stagnant? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, so, if, let us say, alkaline maintains this growth, I think Carbon Zinc is going to 
grow at very low single digits. This year it has de-grown the first half, but it has come 
specifically from a geography which is unaffected by alkaline. So, we are trying to 
sort of understand that particular phenomenon.  
 
One would have understood, let us say there is a lot of alkaline purchase in a 
particular area and as a result Carbon Zinc has suffered. That has not. In fact, our 
premium Carbon Zinc batteries have grown. They have actually kept a very decent 
pace. The pace of growth varied between, say, 4% to 10%, which is very good for 
us because they are very profitable products, and they coexist with alkaline. The 
rural part does not coexist with alkaline, and that is where the de-growth has taken 
place. So, this particular hypothesis is not applicable in the current year's case. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Radha from Gargi Investment. Please 
go ahead.  
Radha: 
Sir, my question was, can you please provide product-wise, volume, value and 
EBITDA number for this quarter?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, battery you can see for the quarter our revenue is INR240 crore. Flashlight is 
INR48 crore and INR85 crore is a lighting business. EBITDA percentage is 70.5% 
for batteries, 8% for flashlight and 2% for the lighting business.  
Radha: 
Volumes, sir?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Volumes, they are not sort of, you know, they are different types. In lighting, there 
are very many product SKUs which are not sort of, you know, you cannot count them 
and they make no sense by counting them.  

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Radha: 
For the battery segment, sir?  
Bibek Agarwala 
So, for Q2, battery segment, it is at 316 million.  
Radha: 
And flashlights? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
And flashlights 4.2 million.  
Radha: 
Second question is that we have introduced some new products like Siren torch, 
mosquito bat, calling bells, etc. So, where are we capturing these products? Under 
which product vertical?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, this mosquito bat is under the battery and Siren is under the flashlight.  
Radha: 
And calling bells, sir?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
It will be part of the lighting, accessory business of the lighting, it could be.  
Radha: 
Third question, sir, since there is a lot of correction in the prices in the LED market, 
so at what level of revenue can we reach break-even on a PBT level?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
We have maintained the annual level. We said that INR400 crore is a very good 
number to become a break-even for our organization, seeing the past trend. And last 
year we ended up at INR310 crore. We are looking for how can we, this year actually 
year-end, we are targeting to make it break-even. So, 400 is a good level to do a 
business break-even for lighting business.  
Radha: 
And when do you plan to reach, when do you think we can reach 5% EBITDA 
margin?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, first, you know, we have to definitely cross the INR400 crore benchmark and 
then, of course, if you get that, I think the 5% would be between INR500 to INR600 
crore company can easily target 5% plus EBITDA margin.  
Radha: 
Just one last question. With current price, when do you think we can reach $100 
million revenue in the LED business?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
See, it is not only LED. It is the entire lighting portfolio. What the disturbance has 
happened, as you know that industry, that every last two years continuously 15% to 
20% value erosions are happening. This period also if you see, our lightings are flat 
despite a very healthy volume growth. Now, over a period of time it is becoming very 
unpredictable. We have not anticipated that the severe value erosion will happen in 
this quarter. So, if you see at least, if you ask me at this current stage, it will take at 
least 4 to 5 years to reach to $100 million of revenue for lighting business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Priyankar Sarkar from Square 64 Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Sir, our reach is close to 5 million outlets, I think as you rightly mentioned in the call 
earlier. So, sir, why are we not using this superb distribution to launch newer product 
in newer categories? I mean, honestly, it has been more than 2.5 years since the 
new management has taken over. And so, by when can we expect to enter, at least 
indicate to the street, what is the fourth category that we will be targeting? I think the 
large part of the investor community is actually eagerly waiting to hear this from the 
management.  

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, Priyankar, it is like this. Last two years, we took a very bold initiative of changing 
our distribution. I mean, it may seem pretty sort of modest to an outsider, but it was 
a huge challenge internally because it involved the entire ecosystem of our selling 
personnel, distributors, channel partners, everybody. So, we naturally faced a lot of 
challenges and we have overcome, thankfully, all of that. And so, we could not focus 
on these diversification efforts.  
 
Today, because things have now come under control, we are looking at adding 
adjacent products. We are looking at adding newer categories. We have already 
started that work. I think it will take us another maybe two quarters before we can 
meaningfully articulate on the same. But you would see lot of adjacent products being 
added to our displays.  
 
For example, we have added these mosquito rackets. We have added lot of 
accessory items in our lighting side. So, similarly, we would keep adding. We would 
shortly be out with power banks. So, these are adjacent products. These cannot be 
treated as categories per se. They will add heft to our overall turnover. But we really 
need to also look at, as you very rightly said, a fourth or a fifth category which we will 
be able to articulate in the course of the next two quarters.  
Priyankar Sarkar: 
Good to hear that from you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mehul Savla from RW Equities. Please 
go ahead. The line for the participant dropped. We move on to the next participant. 
Next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please 
go ahead.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, sir, a very small suggestion. If you could provide the revenue breakup 
between battery, flashlight and the lightning in your press release or in the specific 
part as a document, that would suffice a lot of our queries. And if you could give that 
number for H1 also, sir, what is the breakup between, in percentage terms only 
between battery, flashlight and the lightning? Sorry, if you have given the number. 
Pardon me for that.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Saket, we note your suggestion. It is a positive suggestion. We actually have been 
articulating these breakups in this call, but we take your point that we can even 
articulate it in the press release that we give out. Thank you for the suggestion. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you give the breakup for the first half, sir?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, our battery is INR456 crore, flashlight is INR108 crore, and INR166 crore is the 
lighting.  
Saket Kapoor: 
INR456 crore, INR108 crore, INR166 crore.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Absolutely right.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And you are looking for closing the year for the lightning segment at INR400 crore?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
No, not really. I have not told. I think the point just came to me that where we can 
have the breakeven as an industry in the standards.  
Suvanoy Saha: 
If it is like this, we are currently at a breakeven level, but the previous person who 
asked the question said that what level you can see breakeven on a sustained basis, 
to which Bibek answered that it is INR400 crore. He didn't say that this year we are 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
attempting to go INR400 crore. But for the historical fact, we are breakeven, actually 
slightly positive even for the first half.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And you mentioned about the fact that H2 is generally softer than H1. So, can you 
explain the key factors that attributes and which categories do generally soften out 
for H2?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, H1 has a seasonal pull in the flashlight business and to some extent in the rural 
part of the battery business, which did not happen this year. But the flashlight 
business did happen and that generally gives a kind of a little bit of, I would say 5%, 
6% or 10% skew to the first half turnover. The second half to that extent is a little 
muted.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, when we look at the finance cost, it is lower significantly and congratulations 
to the team. Do we have any FOREX impact also in our numbers in the first half?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Not really.  
Saket Kapoor: 
These are operational numbers, and the savings will continue for the second half 
also.  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, you know, saving in the sense, if you see, we are continuously reducing the debt, 
right, and getting the interest, borrowing at a very cost-effective way. So, that is why 
more and more we do the debt reduction, the interest cost will automatically come 
down.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And in the next part, sir, you said you will be finalizing the sale by middle of December 
and when we will be drawing the money for the same?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
Similarly, that point of time, because the major things will be required for the 
machines and all, so probably mid-December onwards we will start drawing the 
money. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, sir, on the other expenses part, do that line items have any one-off or are 
those variables in terms of the increased revenue?  
Bibek Agarwala: 
So, this is basically other expenses. These are basically advertising and promotions 
and all other expenses are there. So, these are routine expenses are there.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Because that has increased by 10% year-on-year also and Q-o-Q also. 
Bibek Agarwala: 
This quarter advertisements is high, so out of INR10, INR7 crore absolute increase, 
we see INR6 crore is increase in the advertisement only.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, sir, when we speak about RTM coming into play for H2, what can be the 
increase in margin or the incremental margin that are expected to flow into the P&L 
when RTM impact benefits will be fully absorbed?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
See, RTM will help us to increase the revenue, which is the need for the hour, right? 
We are currently having a very decent margin, if you see quarter-by-quarter, we are 
giving a decent margin and of course the way we are doing material hedging. Now, 
of course the margin may not improve much, but your absolute values will keep 
increasing as our revenues keep going up, and that is the focus first stage, and of 
course that whatever will come from the efficiency, it will be coming in there. But 
more and more revenue will be giving up as a very higher absolute value of the 
profitability and may not to that extent margin, barring the efficiency factor.  

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And this route to the market is the Bain Capital interesting that we have done earlier. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes, they helped us formulating the plans and so they were with us.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for all the elaborate answers, sir, and all the best to the team.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mehul Savla from RW Equities. Please 
go ahead.  
Mehul Savla: 
Sorry, the line got cut earlier, and congratulations on a good remarkable show in a 
tough market. Sir, I just wanted to check, I was not sure whether you mentioned that 
the Capex is towards the multi-product facility. So, I just want to check this multi-
product will be within the alkaline category or are there any other products also that 
might come up in that facility?  
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, basically this plant is for alkaline, but in order to make it more economically 
viable, we are also thinking of adding some other product line. Those are not within 
alkaline. They could be others like even the Carbon Zinc facility because the more 
you develop scale, you get more efficiency out of sort of with the normal stuff.  
Mehul Savla: 
But it will be within batteries only.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
We can also do flashlights.  
Mehul Savla: 
So, that was the only question. I think everything else is answered, and thanks and 
all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you everyone for taking time out to join us on this earnings call. I hope we 
have adequately answered all your questions. If you still have more queries, please 
reach out to our Investor Relations team and we will be happy to address those. 
Thank you once again and look forward to connecting with you again in the next 
quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Eveready Industries India Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
  
 
