CWABAG 
An ISO 9001 Company 
November 14, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: WABAG 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 533269 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the 'Q2-H1 FY25 Results Conference Call' 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the `Q2-H1 FY25 Results Conference Call' held on 
Friday, November 08, 2024, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results (both standalone 
and consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
This intimation is filed pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The Transcript of 'Q2-H1 FY25 Results Conference Call' is also available on the Company's 
website at www.wabag.com.
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Anup Kumar Samal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F4832 
Encl.: As above 
Sustainable solutions, for a better life 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
CIN : L45205TN1995PLC030231 
WABAG "WABAG HOUSE" 
No.17, 200 Feet Thoraipakkam - Pallavaram Main Road, 
Sunnambu Kolathur, Chennai - 600 117, India. 
Board : +91-44-6123 2323 
Fax 
: +91-44-6123 2324 
Email : wabag@wabag.in 
Web : www.wabag.com 
ANUP 
KUMAR 
SAMAL
Digitally signed by ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=2597, 
pseudonym=260fbf0cb1c444759b3176bd8
afc609e, 
2.5.4.20=2f08e2a4abd03cf834087d0169b8
295db945b73a74bab7f34c29fd5496859827
, postalCode=500048, st=Telangana, 
serialNumber=26a2e917225a7e97909c27b
92ba3e356c8947696ef734eb423b8137492e
67dee, cn=ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
Date: 2024.11.14 12:27:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“VA Tech Wabag Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV MITTAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – VA TECH WABAG LIMITED  
MR. SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good evening, and welcome everyone to this Earnings Call Post Announcement of Q2 and H1 
FY 25 Results of VA Tech Wabag Limited.  
 
On the call today from the Management Team, we have Mr. Rajiv Mittal – Chairman and 
Managing Director; and Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman – Group Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Kindly note that during this call, the Company may make certain forward-looking statements 
concerning the business prospect and profitability, which may be subject to risks and 
uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ from those in such forward-looking 
statements.  
 
The conference call will be archived, and a transcript will be made available on the Company's 
website. The Company's results update presentation has been uploaded on the website and stock 
exchanges, which provides an overview about the core offerings and analysis of the results for 
this period. We trust that you had an opportunity to look through the same.  
 
We will start with the “Opening Remarks” from the Management, post which we will open up 
for the interactive Q&A.  
 
I now hand it over to Mr. Mittal to take you through the key “Business Highlights”. Over to you, 
Mr. Mittal. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We extend a warm welcome to you all to the 
earnings call, post-announcement of Q2 & H1 FY 25 results of VA Tech Wabag Limited.  
 
Joining me today for this earnings call is Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman, our Group CFO.  
 
We closed another strong quarter of Earnings, continuing our growth trajectory. We stayed on 
course in our profitable growth journey while remaining steady fast through the cornerstones of 
our long-term strategy - advanced technology projects, emerging market focus, net cash positive 
position, and asset light approach.  
 
This quarter marked a number of significant milestones from an order inflow perspective. 
Recently, we secured a prestigious 300 mega liters per day seawater desalination plant in Yanbu, 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, from Saudi Water Authority, worth Rs. 2,700 crores.  
 
Saudi Water Authority, formerly known as Saline Water Conversion Corporation (SWCC), 
manages over 15 million cubic meters of water, mainly in 40 desalination plants, and also some 
ground and surface water purification stations. The plant will employ state-of-the-art 
technologies and will be engineered for exceptional water quality and power efficiency. 
Scheduled for completion within 30 months’ period, this project commences our relationship as 
a reliable water partner for Saudi Water Authority.  

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Wabag has also secured a mega order value of Rs. 1,000 crores from Indosol Solar for 100 MLD 
seawater desalination plant, marking our entry into the solar PV sector. This project will provide 
water security for the 10 gigawatt integrated solar PV manufacturing facility of Indosol. The EP 
project, which is to be delivered over 38 months, will be followed by 15 years of operation and 
maintenance.  
 
Further, reflecting our enduring client relationship, we secured a large repeat order from 
Reliance Industries to deliver water system for their Dahej and Nagothane facility, and also a 
repeat order from Chennai Metro Water Supply and Sewerage Board worth Rs. 415 crores to 
operate and maintain the Nemmeli desalination plant, which was built and commissioned by 
Wabag in 2013 for a further period of seven years, reaffirming the trust and confidence our client 
placed in Wabag's reliable performance and expertise.  
 
Looking ahead, we are further enhancing our presence and efforts in the emerging markets like 
Middle East, Africa, Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia and CIS countries. With promising 
order pipeline, we are confident in sustaining our growth momentum through the second half of 
the financial year and in line with our medium-term outlook.  
 
Our focus business development efforts are yielding remarkable results as demonstrated by the 
order inflow of over Rs. 4,600 crores secured in H1 with 57% coming from international clients 
and 31% coming from industrial sector.  
 
You would recall that we had informed our preferred bidder status in projects worth Rs. 6,000 
crores and you can see that we have already converted more than 75% of the same. As we speak 
today, we are happy to inform you that we are preferred bidder in the orders worth over Rs. 
3,500 crores, which we expect to convert through the next couple of months.  
 
With over Rs. 8,000 crores order inflow outlook already in sight for this financial year, we are 
on track to reach an order book position of over Rs. 16,000 crores by the end of this fiscal year. 
Our order book position which stands today at over Rs. 14,500 crores as of H1 with a healthy 
mix of 59% EPC projects and 41% O&M projects provides a robust revenue and growth 
visibility. 
 
I would also like to share some updates on our key projects. Our prestigious 400 MLD Perur 
desalination project in Chennai funded by JICA is on track with peak engineering activities 
under way, civil works progressing well, marine intake and outfall pipe material are received at 
site and equipment deliveries will commence from H2 this year.  
 
Our 200 MLD sewage treatment plant in Pagla, Bangladesh where we had a couple of months 
of temporary disruption is largely back on track with construction activities resuming swiftly, 
procurement activities are also progressing well. Projects like SIBUR and Senegal where 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
deliveries are largely complete have entered the installation and commissioning phase and are 
on target.  
 
I am also happy to inform that Kolkata HAM project, our first HAM contract with NMCG has 
achieved COD, Commercial Operation Date has started.  
 
As we advance our mission to shape the future of sustainable water solutions, we are also taking 
a moment to honor the journey that has brought us here. This year, Wabag reached its Centenary 
Year and we commenced the celebration of this landmark milestone with a grand event in Vienna 
in August honoring a century of innovation, leadership and sustainability in water sector.  
 
Continuing this centennial festivities, we hosted our key customers, business partners, bankers 
and other stakeholders across the Middle East with a vibrant celebration in September in Riyadh, 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  
 
As we look into the future, Wabag remains committed to building on this 100-year legacy 
combining innovative technology with resilience strategy to drive growth across emerging 
markets.  
 
Thank you once again for your continued support and confidence in Wabag. Now I will hand it 
over to Skanda to take us through the financial highlights. Over to you, Skanda. 
Skandaprasad S: 
Thank you, Mr. Mittal. Good evening, everyone. I hope you have had a chance to review our 
result update presentation, which has been shared on our website and with the stock exchanges. 
 
Let me walk you through our performance highlights for the half year and quarter ended 30th  
September 2024. Before I move into the numbers, I am pleased to note that we continue our 
profitable growth journey into this half year as well with our EBITDA and PAT growing at a 
rate faster than the top line as envisaged in our long-term strategy.  
 
With the strong order book position as of H1 and a robust pipeline visibility, we are confident 
of revenue and profit expansion to continue along with a net cash positive position as we step 
into the second half of this fiscal year. 
 
Now let me take you through the key financial highlights. Our consolidated H1 revenue, which 
stood at Rs. 1,327 crores, grew 11% year-over-year compared on like-to-like basis excluding 
divested European entities. The strong order book position provides us a good visibility of 
revenue expansion. Our standalone revenue for H1 stood at Rs. 1,159 crores. For the quarter, 
revenue on consolidated and standalone basis stood at Rs. 700 crores and Rs. 613 crores 
respectively.  
 
Our consolidated EBITDA for H1 which stood at Rs. 184 crores grew by around 19% year-over-
year compared on like-to-like basis excluding divested European entities. We continue to 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
maintain EBITDA margin in line with our medium-term outlook. These strong margins reflect 
our focus on efficient execution, a good mix of EP, industrial and international projects, as well 
as a growing share of revenues from O&M.  
 
Standalone EBITDA for H1 stood at Rs. 171 crores. For the quarter, EBITDA on consolidated 
and standalone basis stood at Rs. 103 crores and Rs. 92 crores respectively. Our consolidated 
PAT for H1 which stood at Rs. 126 crores with a PAT margin of 9.5% grew by around 31% 
year-over-year compared on like-to-like basis excluding divested European entities. Standalone 
PAT for H1 stood at Rs. 108 crores for the quarter. PAT on consolidated and standalone basis 
stood at Rs. 71 crores and Rs. 58 crores respectively. 
 
As you would know, we have been a net cash positive group for the last four years consecutively. 
Notably, this quarter marks the seventh consecutive quarter that we have maintained a net cash 
positive position driven by disciplined cash and debt management.  
 
As of H1, our net cash position stands at Rs. 222 crores. Excluding debt on HAM entities, which 
is transitory in nature, considering our asset light strategy, our net cash position stood at Rs. 338 
crores. We closed H1 with a gross cash position of Rs. 645 crores, which consisted of Rs. 294 
crores in cash and bank balances and Rs. 351 crores in term deposits.  
 
We are well placed on the cash front to infuse funds into projects to expedite necessary progress, 
and also we are in the process of enhancing our bank lines both from Indian and international 
banks to be ready with the non-fund limits to support the next wave of order book growth. 
We remain steadfast to our asset-light model, delivering a return on capital employed (ROCE) 
of around 18%. We continue to create long-term shareholder value, generating a return on equity 
(ROE) of over 14.5%. 
Coming to the “Order Book” front, our international business remained robust with 54% of H1 
revenue delivered by overseas projects and international projects constituting 39% of our order 
backlog. We continue to build our O&M business with 41% of our order backlog coming from 
long-term O&M projects. Our order book remains robust at over Rs. 14,500 crores as of H1, 
with a healthy mix of EP, EPC and O&M projects, backed by adequate payment securities. 
We will continue our emerging market focus on advanced technology projects, particularly in 
desalination, recycled and reuse, and effluent treatment. 
We have also identified future growth opportunities in Ultra-Pure Water for Semiconductor 
Manufacturing, Solar PV and Green Hydrogen and also generating Clean Fuel from Biogas 
which will propel the group through its next growth wave. Business development efforts are 
being invested on these opportunities and already the first success is witnessed to the 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Desalination Order for Indosol Solar. These opportunities are perfectly in our sweet spot of 
contributing to creating a greener, cleaner and bluer planet. 
We are deeply grateful for the trust and support reposed in us by our bankers, investors, 
Wabagites and all stakeholders who continue to champion our vision. 
With this, we'll be pleased to open the floor for “Questions.” Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Nidhi 
Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nidhi Shah: 
I had a couple of questions on the new projects that we have won. Firstly, the Indosol plant. This 
100 MLDs for the entire 10 GW line that we're putting, or is it only partial and we can expect 
more orders from this plant? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
So, this is for the complete line. This will be implemented in about four or five phases as they 
keep on investing towards that and that's the reason the timeframe we mentioned will be over 38 
months. And after we have built this plant for the full 100 MLD, then our O&M period of 15 
years starts. 
Nidhi Shah: 
On the Saudi Arabia order that we received recently, what is the timeline for execution of that 
order? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
As I mentioned in my speech earlier, it's about 30 months. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Do we see that there will be execution in equal parts in 6 or 10 month blocks, or do we see that 
execution to be heavier towards the second half? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It's never, projects of this magnitude and if you have been following the company over the years, 
the first part which is 15% - 20% of the time, it's normally for engineering it and during that 
time, the numbers, you see the invoicing, you see will not be proportionate, then the phase comes 
up of about 50% - 60% of the project time where things pick up, the construction, the supplies 
and everything, and then again towards the end, 15% - 20% of the time it's the installation and 
commissioning phase, again, it will slow down. So, it is like slow start, picking up and again 
slow end. 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question, which is from the line of Maharesh M, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Maharesh M: 
Congratulations on the order won in this quarter and the visibility of the great order-book that 
we have in FY25. I have noticed that we have been winning orders. The order book has always 
been multi-fold. It was around Rs. 9,000 crores in FY22; it has crossed Rs. 15,000 crores now. 
But the execution has remained the same close to a bit less than Rs. 3,000 crores every year. So, 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
I just wanted to know the reason why the execution pace hasn't increased the same as the order 
book and what are we doing to increase the execution pace and what could be the revenues in 
the coming years? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Very good question and this is for all our listeners here, I'm sure the question you have is very 
valid for many of our other friends. See, as I said to the earlier participant that whenever we get 
an order, as it is a design, construct and operation and maintenance. Almost half of our order 
book is because of operation and maintenance, which can only start generating revenues after 
we finish the construction and commissioning of the plant. Generally, it takes anything between 
3 - 3.5 years to complete the construction and commissioning of the plant. So, now we talk about 
the rest of the half of the order book or new orders we get. The first 20% odd of the time, as I 
said will take to set up the project, do the site investigation, to do the design, get the designs 
approved, then start ordering and then start doing the civil construction physically at site. So, 
that is the reason you will see a little lag in the initial phases for any order to pick up, but post 
that initial 20% - 25% of the time it picks up exponentially, and that goes on for the 50% to 60% 
of the time when construction is happening, equipment are getting delivered, and then again 
towards the last 20% odd when installation and commissioning happening, again, the revenues 
will come down. So, this is the nature of the business we are in and you will see that some of the 
large projects which we got almost a year back, have finished that initial 20% period. And now 
it is picking up because the construction, as I said in my speech was in full swing, say in Perur, 
in Chennai, the ordering has started, the orders will start getting delivered in the H2. So, 
naturally, we'll see the revenues picking up from the orders which we booked over the last one 
year. And the orders which we have booked in this quarter, maybe it will take another two 
quarters to start generating appreciable revenues. 
Maharesh M: 
So, what kind of revenue visibility do we see in the next two years considering the backlog of 
the orders we have already or we are going to execute in the next few quarters and then we start 
the maintenance for the same? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
This we have discussed with all of you, when we had a physical meeting in Mumbai after our 
annual results in the month of May and earlier this year. And we had given a clear medium-term 
outlook and that we said that we are very, very bullish on not only our order intake but also the 
revenue growth and we had given a number of 15% to 20% CAGR for a medium-term which is 
three to five years. This is the number we expect the top line to grow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
I had two queries. First one being that if I take your revenue guidance of 15% to 20% for the 
year, that effectively means the delivery of about Rs. 2,000 crores in the second half, so could 
you specifically talk about your projects? You had mentioned in the last quarter, for example of 
two projects were coming on-stream, where you were executing, similarly, could you just sort 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
of call out which projects are coming on-stream, revenues of which you will book in the second 
half? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, I think earlier I said and just before you the participant, I mentioned that, like the biggest 
project we have today in our order book is Chennai Desal Project. That will start now peaking. 
For the next 4 quarters, you would see this project really peaking because that is where next four 
to six quarters you will see lot of construction happening. Luckily, the monsoon is out of our 
way, peaking will start, the marine work where we have to go offshore, that should start early 
next year, our equipment will start getting delivered from next quarter onwards. So, lot of this 
will happen. Same will happen with our Pagla project in Bangladesh. It would have started a few 
months earlier because of the reasons known to all of us. A couple of months, there was 
disturbance and the work has to slow down, but luckily everything is settled, we are back on the 
track, our people are back on site, work is happening. Reliance projects which we recently won, 
Reliance projects are always and always on fast track. We will see good revenues coming in. 
Indosol, at least the first phase, we have a very challenging timeline to do the first phase and 
give them some water. So, that will start peaking, at least a part of that project. So, this we are 
very hopeful and very rightly said that we expect in H2 close to Rs. 2,000 crores of revenues. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, we had three HAM projects and congratulations on COD of one of the Kolkata project. Now, 
we had debt against all the three HAM projects. So, the Kolkata project, debt that we had 
invested, have we plowed it back? That's point number 1. And what is the stage of the other two 
HAM projects and when do you expect COD and when do you expect the release of our funds 
there? 
Skandaprasad S: 
Aejas, I think first to clarify, of the three HAM projects, two have been already divested, there 
is no HAM debt on our books. Number 2, the way that the concession agreement works here is 
that we can plough our cash out only at COD plus three years. So, we have already invested only 
a small amount. We have explained it earlier also. Our strategy is that we take minority economic 
interest and we are there only to put our skin in the game. Maybe 3% - 4% of the project value 
is the maximum we invest. And this amount is also ploughed back at COD plus three years. Let's 
say, our remit in the project or our interest in this project is only because we get the EPC and 
O&M. We are a technical partner and there is a financial partner who holds majority. So, even 
in this case, we have reached COD and the financial partner has an option to buy us out at COD 
plus three. This is the same case for the other two HAM projects. Now, out of the three projects, 
two are divested, there is no HAM debt. The third project also, we will look to divest very soon. 
The first project has achieved COD, Kolkata. The second project, Digha Kankarbagh and the 
third project is Ghaziabad. Ghaziabad is largely complete in terms of the project activities. Digha 
also is in a very, very advanced stage of completion. So, we would expect also to complete these 
projects more expected in H2. So, our interest would be that all these projects are completed 
within this year so that then we have three years of stabilization, and we will plough back our 
capital. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Just a follow up. So, the Rs. 117 crores of debt today is against Kolkata or all the three? 
Skandaprasad S: 
Only Ghaziabad is consolidated today and that also once divested will go out and that is why I 
mentioned in my speech that the debt if excluded, since it is transitory in nature our core business 
has close to a Rs. 340 crores net cash position. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Dhami from Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Dhami: 
I had a few questions on financial lines. The employee expenses have increased this quarter from 
the previous quarter and the other expenses has gone down. So, particularly what was the reason 
for this? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think the reason as we have informed to the stock exchange few months back, this is our 
centenary year, and the board had approved a ESOP scheme for our employees for motivating 
and retaining them. So, a part of this increase, what you're seeing is because of the provision as 
per the rules, we have to provide for the ESOPs which we have granted to our employees. And 
also I think some of the other expenses which you are seeing is reduced is also because of the 
three European subsidiaries which we have divested, so some of the cost of those subsidiaries 
you are not seeing in this quarter. 
Mihir Dhami: 
On the working capital side, the payables were reduced this quarter because of some payments 
which are made. Do you see payables days continuing with this number? And also if you can 
give some guidance on the receivables days as well, would there remain at a similar number 
going forward? 
Skandaprasad S: 
Mihir, usually H1 versus H2 if you see, H2 is the stronger quarter, H1 is more in terms of putting 
in cash into the projects, expediting it, because you have the monsoon, you're just off the budget. 
So, there is a requirement of working capital investment and in any case our payables have 
remained on track. We have been very timely in paying our vendors because we know that's 
going to expedite the progress, number 1. Number 2, you would see that this will also pay off 
into the H2 when monsoons are done, deliveries of some of the projects which Mr. Mittal also 
mentioned will start, construction can run at good pace. So, this is a cycle. H1 versus H2, 40:60, 
35:65 is the usual mix of revenues, and we have more pumping of cash in H1 and more recovery 
of cash in H2. I think what you should also see here is despite this trend, we have even in H1 
maintained a net cash position. We had about Rs. 340 crores if you see in March, excluding 
HAM and in September also we have a similar number. So, we have also managed our cash 
well, we have also improved the collection cycle, you will also see that the trade receivables 
have come down by 5% despite our revenues growing by 10%. So, the cash cycle is improving, 
the vendors are being funded for expedited progress and you would see that H2 revenue 
expansion will also start as a result of this. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Khashgiwala from Neo Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag Khashgiwala: 
As you just explained regarding the working capital positioning, so if we look at your operating 
cash flow, that has continued to remain in negative territory. Given all the working capital 
investment that you are talking about, is there any roadmap to bring this operating cash flow in 
the positive territory or will it continue to remain in negative? 
Skandaprasad S: 
I think history is testament of what we deliver. You have seen in the last years, we have generated 
free cash… last three, four years, you can check even the recent history, we have generated free 
cash, we have generated operating cash and I have explained H1 versus H2 usually this is the 
case. Look at it at a full year basis, you will surely see that we will generate cash, number 1. 
Number 2, as I said, the vector trade receivables reduction, you are seeing cycles improving. In 
H1, you have to invest cash. This is the nature of business that contractors have to be fed to keep 
the project ongoing, and we've also still kept a net cash position. That means on an overall basis, 
we are doing well from the working capital front considering the context. But, yes, you should 
see it on an annual basis, you should also compare how historically we have done, we have 
generated free cash and we will continue to generate because that is the core of our business. 
Chirag Khashgiwala: 
For execution of the future projects, are you sufficiently funded, or will you be required to go 
for fundraising? 
Skandaprasad S: 
We have Rs. 600 plus crores of cash, Chirag and we have liquid cash in our bank which will 
fund the projects, we have long term deposits of Rs. 350 crores, I mentioned this in my speech 
which we will use at appropriate time, we have Rs. 4,000 crores of bank lines, we have already 
applied for another Rs. 1,000 crores, we came to the shareholders for enhancement of this in 
AGM and we have an enhanced limit of up to Rs. 6,000 crores. So, there is enough and sufficient 
buffer for all the order book growth that we are envisaging. We don't need to raise any cash. 
Chirag Khashgiwala: 
As you have been guiding that your revenue could grow by around 15% - 20% CAGR over the 
next three to five years. But on a quarterly basis if I look this last quarter the revenue growth has 
been just mid-single digit. So, this quarterly I mean variation will be there or is it something one-
off? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think we have explained enough this thing. We are not into a consumer business as a quarter-
on-quarter Company. That is the reason we have not even given an annual guidance. We have 
given medium-term guidance for three to five years. So, if you track the Company that way, and 
as we said that you will see the growth over the next two quarters and H2, you will see that we 
achieve this 15% - 20% number which we have given and we expressed our confidence, yes, we 
know we have to achieve Rs. 2,000 crores revenue in the next two quarters and we're confident 
of it. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Skandaprasad S: 
And just to supplement, Mr. Mittal, Chirag, you would have seen our investor presentation, 
you've seen in the last four years our PAT has grown at a CAGR of 45%. We concentrate on 
profitable growth. Sales is the consequence, but profitable growth, cash growth is what we focus 
on and that is what is our strategy to deliver. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
And also, we had mentioned earlier that our strategy is to move away from EPC to EP. So, we 
may see a little subdued top line. In spite of that, we have still given an outlook of 15% to 20% 
growth, because what we are as a technology company, we excel in advanced technology where 
we hold the patents and trademarks for more than 125 products and processes. This is what we 
want to leverage and improve our margin and working capital and we have demonstrated that in 
the last few years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainam Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jainam Jain: 
Can we expect the margins to touch 15% in FY25? 
Skandaprasad S: 
Jainam, we have guided a 13% to 15% EBITDA margin, and this is for the 3-to-5-year period. 
And we are confident and comfortable that we will be in this range. 
Jainam Jain: 
How is the Middle East market looking like in terms of orders? 
Skandaprasad S: 
Can you complain about this market? There is enough and more, it is so abundant that we are 
lucky to choose projects which are in our sweet spot.  
Rajiv Mittal: 
And this we had also mentioned, we were also lucky, as India was going through general 
election, we expected a slowdown in India for 2 to 3 quarters. And we could shift some of our 
resources to this market. And you can see the results, the resources which we shifted timely to 
the Middle East market is giving the necessary results what we expected to give. So, I think, of 
course, we were smart to shift it, but we were also thankful that the country was going through 
a general election. 
Jainam Jain: 
And so how does the margin profile looks like in the new order that we received during this 
quarter that's pertaining to 300 MLD plant in Saudi? 
Skandaprasad S: 
We don't do a project wise margin guidance. I think if you've been in the previous calls, we have 
always said that we pick projects only which meet our threshold margin requirements. We are 
in no desperation to pick projects for the sake of topline. We want advanced technology projects, 
we want good cash flow projects, we want projects to be in the emerging markets and with 
adequate payment securities, either backed by multilaterals, backed by bilateral funding, 
sovereign fund, or letters of credit. These are our criteria. And any project that we pick will meet 
a certain internal threshold margin. And you have seen in the past years how our contribution 
margin and EBITDAs have grown. This project will be no different. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeraj Ram from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
Just wanted to know what is the amount of client retention money that is expected to be released 
in H2 FY25? 
Skandaprasad S: 
See, this is a cycle, Dheeraj, at least 2-3 projects where we see retentions are there, should get 
liquidated. I mean, if it's okay, you can connect with the team to understand it a little better. I 
don't have a number of the cuff now, but our team can help you on this. 
Dheeraj Ram: 
And one last question. Sir, are we facing any receivable delays from this particular Senegal 
project? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Not at all. This is again a multilaterally funded project and this project as soon as the work is 
certified by our client, our bills are sent to JICA Tokyo, and the payments are received directly 
from JICA Tokyo. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshal Parekh from Equitas Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshal Parekh: 
My question was mainly related to our domestic execution. So, if I see this quarter, we de-grew 
by some 7%. Is it related to election related execution issues or is there anything specific that 
we would like to disclose? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Also, you have seen a trend. Our order intake has also moved more international. Naturally, the 
revenues will also come more international. This is obvious. So, there's no delay in India and we 
have not seen delay because of election because there was adequate budget available. So, 
whatever we have executed, we are getting paid as per our expectations. 
Harshal Parekh: 
My question was that the domestic revenues have de-grown by some 7% in Q2. So, I understand 
the international mix going up because of higher growth in international but my specific question 
was on the domestic revenues being de-grown? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Domestic revenues can only grow if our order backlog will also grow. Here our order backlog 
has not grown to the same extent as the international order backlog. So, naturally, you will see 
the international revenue growth will be higher and maybe the Indian de-growth will happen. 
And as my colleague Skanda mentioned that this second quarter is always a little difficult quarter 
from two points of view. One, the construction activity slows down because the country is going 
through monsoon where the construction gets slow down. Second, also the budgets are getting 
approved towards April and May and finally they get implemented. So, the speed of that 
execution because of budget is also a little bit slower. Always in the second quarter you will see 
this happening. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Skandaprasad S: 
And Harshal, just to supplement Mr. Mittal, he also kind of explained earlier, it is also the stage 
that the project is in. And we are not a quarter over quarter company. We could have projects in 
procurement phase in the last year, there may be in the installation and commissioning phase 
this year. So, it depends on the mix of projects and the phase in which the projects are. So, one 
is the international project mix, and second is also you have to see us more on an annuated basis. 
Look at us more in a 1-to-3-year range at least, instead of just looking at it quarter-quarter 
segmented so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar Chitnis from Trade Brains Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Sir, my first question is with operations spanning across multiple countries you have, how are 
you managing geopolitical risk that might impact project executions and profitability in the 
coming future and what are the regulatory challenges you are facing in different countries as of 
now? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
As you know, Wabag has been a multinational company and for decades we have been doing 
this business. Somehow we have mastered this art of managing this geopolitical risk. Simple 
rather than giving too much detail into our business USPs like we do. Simple is we take the 
payment security like Skanda mentioned earlier, we take contracts where the payment guarantees 
are there, like multilaterals as I told is some of this, it goes to Tokyo and JICA is paying directly, 
it is not coming to local governments. So, that is number one. Second, we take sovereign 
guarantees like Saudi Arabia. It's directly government of Saudi Arabia, who's placing these 
orders on us, and they will pay us directly. Thirdly, where we don't have both this available, we 
go for letters of credit plus we always try to split the contracts to the extent possible between 
offshore and onshore. We try to take a local currency for onshore activities and we take in US 
dollar for offshore activities. So, that also protects us against currency risk, payment risk and we 
have seen over the years that this strategy has fully worked for us and protected us against that. 
And where we find that there is some risk, the Indian government provides us with ECGC 
coverage for the projects, which provides us again both the commercial risk and the political 
risk. So, these are some of the instruments we use to mitigate this risk. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
And my second question is, are we expecting any projects in energy generations like thermal or 
nuclear from PSU companies in India for the upcoming financial years? 
Skandaprasad S: 
Are you asking us whether we would get into this? 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Are you expecting any projects from PSU companies? 
Skandaprasad S: 
From PSU companies. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
For thermal and nuclear waste water management. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, if you're talking about the PSU companies, yes, I think we see some traction starting on, 
again thermal, okay? And thermal plants need a tremendous amount of water and there is a clear 
guideline from government of India and NITI Aayog that all these plants will have to use recycle 
water for their power plants from a sewage treatment plant which is in a radius of I think 25 or 
50 kilometers. So, if they are going for expansion, they are not going to get fresh water. They 
are going to depend on recycled water. So, naturally, these are all going to give us a tremendous 
business to provide them water, which is the core of our technology, recycle of water. So, this is 
what we have done. And if you see other oil and gas sector, companies like IOCL, companies 
like MRPL, they are investing in the growth. As we speak, we are working for a few projects in 
IOCL where they are putting up the additional capacities and additional lines. Same is with 
MRPL, they have gone for desalination plant to have a water security. So, yes, we do work with 
PSUs and have successfully executed these jobs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Joshi from Nuvama Wealth and 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Joshi: 
I just had one query on the future prospects of the business that we're getting into. So, primarily 
we had tied up with peak sustainability ventures where we are planning to establish about 100 
CBG plants. Just wanted to understand when and how much can this contribute to our business? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It's not about again a topline. It is more about our commitment to sustainability, our commitment 
to climate change. This CBG plants are not which are going to give you a huge topline. Because 
what we are trying to do, this is the value adder for such plants is getting this power or fuel which 
is green, clean and sustainable rather than going for conventional thermal fuels. So, to reduce 
the greenhouse gases, to have a cleaner environment that no smoke is there, so that is where we 
are coming in as a sustainability company. And I think these plants, we have started educating 
the clients to see that it is also win-win for them. There is in it something for them also, not only 
for us. So, I think that is working very well. There are at least four projects which have moved 
well. I hope in the next few quarters, we will be able to announce a few orders based on this 
CBG technology what we have. 
Dhruv Joshi: 
All right, so that's basically what I wanted to know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samarth Khandelwal from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Samarth Khandelwal: 
So, most of my questions have already been answered and you have answered them very 
patiently. Sir, I wanted to understand how ultra-pure water would be different from the kind of 
desalination water that we are supplying? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
The ultra-pure water is an ultra-pure water. Now, obviously, there are industries which need 
ultra-pure water is growing. Take an example of semiconductor is growing at a brisk pace. Take 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
an example of PV that is growing at a brisk pace. The new line of business, which is green 
hydrogen, which is again growing swiftly and very soon it will be economically viable. All this 
needs ultra-pure water. What is ultra-pure water? Ultra-pure water is like a distilled water where 
you do not have salts, inorganic salts in the water. You remove those salts so that it does not 
result in scaling, scaling of your cells, scaling of your electrodes so that the life and efficiency 
of your plant goes up and that is what is our business-like desalination. We have 40,000-50,000 
of salt in a seawater, we bring it down to 200-300 and now ultra-pure water, we'll have to bring 
that 200-300 down to what is required by client, some may insist for 5, 10, 20, that is what we 
say is ultra-pure water. We see a huge transaction in ultra-pure water, UPW as we call it short 
form. And you will see in the next few years, this business will really pick up globally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
This year going by the figures you have supplied; it looks like you will be getting Rs. 8,000 
crores plus worth of orders. Can we have similar run rates for next few years? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Why not? As we are now in Middle East, we say, Insha Allah, God willing. Why not? 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Yeah, in that case, you guided the level of 3x your turnover being order book, it will be exceeded 
by a substantial measure. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think that's good, that we over deliver than what we commit. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So, can we take it that whatever the table you have given at the end of your presentation, these 
are the medium term goals? That is the minimum we can expect. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think we are not saying that, but I'm sure you are smart enough to make your judgments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Basant Bansal, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Basant Bansal: 
When I see your segment result, I see that the margin on the rest of the world is increasing, 
whereas on the India operation it is coming down. So, last year, that is September 2023, the 
margin was around 24%, which now stands at around 14%. So, can you give some color on it? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, India is a mother company. There are a lot of corporate expenditures which are booked in 
India. And because we don't break up so much on India and international because we are 
submitting, we have consolidated results. And if the revenues of India are coming down, our 
overheads will not come down proportionally because some of the overheads are fixed. So, that 
should not be at all a concern area because those overheads will remain that doesn't necessarily 
mean the project margins are coming down. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited  
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Basant Bansal: 
And the second question is your billing in the rest of the world is all into US dollar or they are 
into different currencies? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Some of them or most of them is US dollar, but some of the subsidiaries where we have in the 
central and western Europe like Austria and others, they do billing in Euro. 
Basant Bansal: 
And how do you gauge your receivables? I mean, from foreign currency fluctuation point of 
view, how do you gauge your foreign currency receivables? 
Skandaprasad S: 
We do a lot of imports also, and also we borrow in foreign currency, packing credit foreign 
currency. So, there is a natural hedge that is created, and hence we don't have too much that is 
left unhedged. I mean, it's a natural hedge. You don't need to typically hedge your receivables. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Mittal for closing comments. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you friends for your active interaction. And I thank you once again for your participation 
in our Q2 & H1 FY25 earnings call. We have uploaded the analyst presentation in our website. 
In case you have any further queries, you may get in touch directly with Adfactors, our Investor 
Relations Advisor based in Mumbai, or you can also get in touch with us directly. Thank you, 
bye for now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of VA Tech Wabag, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
