 
 
October 24, 2024 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended September 30, 2024  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on  
October 19, 2024, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended  
September 30, 2024, is enclosed herewith.  
 
The 
copy 
of 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2024.10.24 
12:21:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q2 FY2025 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: October 19, 2024 at 16:30 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram – Head Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, 
I welcome you all to the Company's Q2 FY 2025 Earnings Webinar. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Jitin Diwan, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra, Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature 
and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide no. 3 
of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Avijit. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the 
IndiaMART's Q2FY25 earnings webinar. We have circulated our 
earnings presentation, which is available on our own website as well 
as both the Stock Exchange websites. We are sure you would have 
gone through the presentation, and we would be happy to take any 
questions afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered consolidated revenue from operations of 
around Rs. 348 crores in Q2, representing a year-on-year growth of 
18%. Collections from customers have grown by 6% to Rs. 356 
crores on a consolidated basis, whereas the deferred revenue grew 
by 19% to Rs. 1,483 crores on consolidated basis. 
 
Unique business enquiries grew to 28 million, representing year-on-
year growth of about 14%. Our total paying suppliers have grown to 
2,18,000. We continue to see more than anticipated churn on the 
customer base in the silver bucket. As a result, we have added 2,400 
customers this quarter, which is a slight improvement over the 1,500 
odd customers that we added in the last quarter. However, as I said, 
the churn continues to be elevated and we are working on that. 
 
Our platinum and gold customers, which constitutes about 50% of 
our customer base and 75% of revenue continues to have a very low 
churn and continues to be very stable. We continue to take measures 
to refine the matchmaking and enhance the overall user experience 
and engagement on the platform. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Hi, Good evening everyone. Busy has done a net billing of Rs. 
17.1 crores in this quarter. This represents a Y-o-Y growth rate of 
17%. The revenue from operations has grown by 19% Y-o-Y to Rs. 
15.3 crores. The deferred revenue has grown by 40% to Rs. 53.3 
crores. The net profit for the quarter was Rs. 2.5 crores. 
 
During this quarter, we've sold 8,000 new licenses and the closing 
count of total licenses is about 3,81,000 licenses. This is at the end 
of September '24. The overall performance has been in line, and we 
are focused on increasing our growth rate in the coming quarters. 
 
With this I'll hand over the call to Jitin to discuss the financial 
performance. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Thank you Brijesh. Good evening everyone. I'll take you through 
the financial performance for the quarter ended September 2024. 
Consolidated collection from customers was of Rs. 356 crore in the 
quarter, representing YoY growth of about 6%. IndiaMART stand-
alone collections from customers for the quarter were around Rs. 
337 crores, registering YoY growth of 5%. The standalone revenue 
from operations stood at Rs. 332 crores, registering YoY growth of 
18%. Our growth in revenue was primarily driven by around 14% 
improvement in realisation from paying suppliers and remaining by 
increase in number of paying suppliers. 
 
Deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,483 crores, an increase of 19% on 
YoY basis. EBITDA of IndiaMART standalone business stood at 
Rs. 120 crores, representing a margin of 36%. As we mentioned in 
our last call, current expansion in margins is primarily due to saving 
arising from lower customer acquisitions, certain cost optimisations 
and operating leverage. As and when there is an increase in customer 
growth, we anticipate that margin will align with the gradual the 
operating leverage inherent in the business. 
 
Consolidated net profit for the quarter was about Rs. 135 crores. 
Consolidated cash generated from operations was about Rs. 103 
crores. Consolidated cash and treasury balance stood at Rs. 2,449 
crores as on September 30, 2024. 
 
Thank you very much, and now we're ready to take any questions. 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the chat box and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two questions 
so that we may be able to address questions from all the participants. 
We'll wait for a couple of seconds, while the question queue 
assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Vivekanand from Ambit Capital. 
Hi, Vivekanand. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the collections 
trajectory. I think till last quarter, till 1Q, collections growth was in 
the range of around 15% to 20%. Now it has dramatically slowed 
down to only 5% on the standalone business. I understand that you 
are facing very high churn at silver bucket level and that's been the 
case for a while now. So why is it that collections got impacted so 
adversely this quarter, even though it was holding up strongly in 
prior periods? Was there anything specific this quarter that weighed 
on collections? And if you can give us some more insights into how 
to project collections? Or how do you yourself look at collections 
here on, given that churn appears to be a chronic problem rather than 
something that you can address? That's question one, very lengthy 
one. So, I'll ask my second one only after the answer to this question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Hi, Vivekanand, as I have been telling in the last couple of 
quarters if the increase in the net customer base continues to be 
flattish over a longer period of time, it will start to reflect in the 
collections as well as in the revenue. However, this particular 
quarter, even we have been a little surprised negatively on only 5%, 
6% collection growth. 
 
We still tend to believe that this is one-off, some of our execution 
issues, some of our sales execution issues. And we believe that we 
will probably bounce back, if not towards 15%, 20% at least try to 
be in the double-digit plus collection growth going forward. But 
until and unless we fix the churn position structurally, I think we 
must not anticipate more than 10%, 15% of the collection growth in 
the times to come. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay. My second question is, again, on collections, but a 
different one. So, what proportion of your collections are coming 
from silver monthly, gold and platinum? Is it possible for you to 
explain that? And is there any colour you can give on the growth in 
the collections bucket across these three tiers? Thank you. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, as I said, gold and platinum on the revenue side, they 
contribute about 50% of the customer base and 75% of the revenue 
realised. On the collection front, though we internally do track on 
every segment of the customer what is the collection and what is the 
average collection per customer per month, but we have not been 
releasing that data publicly. 
 
But in general, if you see our revenue and collection today, if you 
take six months moving average, they are mostly in line. So, you 
can safely assume that even the collection from customers, from 
gold and platinum, would be in the range of between 70% to 80% 
from these 50% customers, because the customer set for the 
collection and for the revenue will remain the same. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay. So, does this mean that the ARPU increase that you are 
seeing on a collection basis? I know that the ARPU you report in 
slide 31 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: That is on revenue basis. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: That is on a revenue basis, right? So, on collection basis, this 
does seem to suggest that you maxed out potentially increased prices 
from gold and platinum. Is that a correct inference?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I would not tend to believe that immediately based upon just one 
single quarter of performance. I think it could be a few clients here 
and there, and obviously if the overall collection itself is 5%, 6% 
growth and total number of customers have grown by 4%, you can 
assume that the average collection per customer has grown only by 
2%. But that simply does not mean that this is maxed out and this is 
the trend. So, I refuse to believe that. And if this is the similar trend 
for three quarters in a row, then yes, but I think we will try to reverse 
that next quarter onwards. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay. No, what seems odd to me is that the prior quarters, you 
had collections growing fast despite your net adds being under 
pressure. And this quarter, it seems like your collections growth 
appears to be more impacted by upgrades perhaps getting affected 
due to persistent churn being elevated.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Asking the same question again and again  
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: No, no. I mean it is very perplexing to us, because all of us had 
a certain view of this business. The earnings multiple that we assign 
to the business is based on certain trajectory. It has turned out very 
differently. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Okay. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Vivekanand. Next question is from the line of Swapnil from 
JM Financials. Hi, Swapnil, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My question is pertaining to the 
previous participant question where you mentioned that 5% 
collections growth could be a one-off and there could be some 
improvement going ahead. I would want to go back in history and 
ask you, and because we have limited history since FY '20, right, on 
a quarterly basis, and this is the slowest growth, since your listing 
ex of COVID. Have you experienced a similar growth trajectory in 
the past? And have you been able to reverse that trajectory? And 
how long did it take for you? If you can give some precedence of 
similar growth rates in the past, barring maybe 2008 crisis, I mean, 
when the economy was stable? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We'll come back to you on that. Please go ahead with your next 
question. I'll come back at the end, because this is a very interesting 
question, and I definitely want to answer that. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Sure. So, the next question would be on your churn rates. If you can 
just break it down the way you have been doing of late on a category 
basis. If you could help us like how that has moved this quarter? Has 
there been any increase in churn rates, especially in the upper-tier 
categories? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. I think we have rather improved. So, Q4 is generally very 
good on the gross as well as renewal. The Q1, last quarter, which 
was April, May, June we came down to about 1,600 net customer 
ad. This quarter, it is about 2,400. 
 
One day here and there could make a difference of maybe 200, 300. 
So, on a very fractional basis, I think we have improved. But that 
number is not significant enough to talk about until we see 
permanent two, three quarters in a row improvement on that. So, the 
churn continues to be stubborn, but maybe a few basis points, it has 
improved. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Will it be possible for you to give it in absolute percentage terms? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I've been giving you the same numbers. So, on the platinum and 
gold, we continue to be healthy approximately at 1%; on the silver 
annual, about 4%; on the silver monthly, about 6% to 7%. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. And the other question is with respect to your traffic growth. 
Now obviously, different metrics have played differently this 
quarter. Unique business enquiries appear to be okay. But then if 
you look at the total business enquiries delivered, they are down 7%. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Then your overall traffic growth itself is flattish. I mean how should 
we read this?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, I've answered this earlier also. So, one is this traffic growth. 
Over the time, we have realised that the way traffic is being 
calculated in the era of web components and a lot of web crawling 
happening and search engines and ChatGPT and others, I think the 
web traffic to differentiate from the real user traffic, that accuracy 
number is going down and down. I mean while we try to represent 
as much as possible the real user number, but the number of bots 
and the number of scrapers has suddenly increased. That is why the 
reliance purely on the traffic number or purely on the registered user 
number is very difficult. That’s why, if you remember, about a 
couple of years ago, we started to report this active buyer in the last 
12 months so as to give you more realistic picture, what is the real 
people who are making enquiries. Similarly, the unique business 
enquiry. On the business enquiries delivered side, I have always 
been saying that we continue to make changes. Earlier, we used to 
share a buyer's detail with almost like six suppliers on an average. 
While we tried to reduce that towards 5, 5.5, now we believe that 
since the churn is very stubborn, maybe there is a room for reduction 
of the competition and reduction of the number of suppliers per 
buyer and that is why we are moving more towards 4 suppliers per 
buyer. 
 
So, the number of business enquiries delivered will continue to 
decline in a shorter period of time. So, these are the four numbers 
that we give you, to be able to navigate what is right and what is 
wrong. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
But to put it this way, while I get your logic why you're reducing 
your enquiries to a limited number of suppliers, will not that affect 
the actual enquiries that a typical supplier would get? I mean on an 
absolute basis 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: In the short run it will, but it should improve his conversion. It 
should improve his effort to ROI. Currently what might be 
happening, and this is a hypothesis based upon certain people that 
we have met, they are saying that don't give us 100 enquiries, give 
us maybe 50, but give us the ones which are more relevant and more 
converting for me. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. And any chance of your A&P spends going up now that we 
are facing challenges on collections as well as suppliers, both? Any 
remedial measures have you thought about that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Any chance of? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Increasing your A&P spends. Maybe that could be the one that could 
help you.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, we are working on that. As soon as we are ready, we'll 
come back and let you know. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. If you can just answer my first question, that will be helpful. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It’s not handy with me right now. I remember in FY '19, we were 
actually at about 12%, 15% odd growth rate. On a quarter-on-
quarter, I think we have faced this challenge at least third or fourth 
time in the history. And this is probably one of the longest eight 
quarters that it has taken us to, because the size has also become 
bigger. But otherwise, we have always found ways and means. 
Maybe we'll take one step back to find way back because so many 
categories and such a large business and such a great future ahead 
of us. 
 
If we won't grow, I mean, even Google should not grow, because 
strategically, we are almost a small replica in our own world for 
Google. So, from that perspective, I don't think finding the right 
niche is important, but I think we will recover, and we are quite 
confident of recovering. 
 
So, in FY '17, our collections over FY '16 was only 13%. And I don't 
have the real quarter-on-quarter data. But I think if the overall year 
was 13%, I'm sure there was one quarter, which was single-digit 
growth percentage. Similarly, sometime around, FY '20 was 10% 
growth rate, whereas only last 15 days of the FY '20 were pandemic 
oriented. 
 
While even the quarter-on-quarter, I do remember that third quarter 
of FY '19 was also similarly single-digit quarter. So, I think we have 
faced this. And even if I remember the entire FY '12 and FY '13, we 
were less than and that time, we were still trying to find the product 
market fit. So, we will recover for sure.  
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Thanks for giving that detailed answer. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Swapnil. Next question is from the line of Sachin from Bank 
of America. Hi, Sachin, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Sachin: 
Thank you management. Two questions. First, I wanted to 
understand a bit more on margins. Given that perhaps there is no 
near-term visibility on churn control, the net adds remain low. And 
on back of operational leverage, cost control, clearly, we're seeing 
quarter-after-quarter EBITDA margins moving up. So, is it fair to 
assume that margin should stabilise at 38%, 39% in the foreseeable 
future till we see all these issues getting resolved? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, we have been telling, I think these are more to do with the 
timing. Jitin, can you highlight? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Thanks, Sachin. So, as you rightly mentioned that margins are 
elevated for the last two quarters. Because of the slowdown in 
growth, we are not able to add much of net adds and this quarter 
collection is also on the lower side and that's how it is looking 
elevated. So, once we go back to adding customers and collection 
will also picks up, we will be back to our normal margins. 
 
Having said that, sustainable margin, what you said, we believe that 
it should be in the range of 34%, 35% and not 37%, 38%. So next 
quarter also, we will have our salary appraisals, which will have 
impact on margins as well. 
 
Sachin: 
Okay. But let me flip that question around a bit. I mean during 
COVID, your margins were as high as 50%, 52%. What stops the 
margins only at 36%, 38%? Why can't be at 40%, 45% in the near 
term? And even the normalised margins, I mean, the way cost 
control is happening, why should it be at 34% and not higher than 
that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We always say that one should take the collection to cash flow 
margin and that would be the long-term trending margin for the 
revenue to EBITDA. It cannot be different, so collection to cash 
flow has been trending between 35% to 40%. This particular quarter, 
collection to cash flow is hardly 33% or so. So, collection to cash 
flow is the leading indicator of the margin. 
 
What you see currently here, the revenue coming from the past, 
while the cost is current, the revenue is at 18%, while the collection 
is at 5%. Even during the COVID, I had been telling everybody that 
this is the worst ever quarter, but everybody said margins are 
doubling. And in COVID, a lot of costs were also cut down, because 
rent was reduced by half, no transportation, no hiring, so they were 
like that. But these are not the times where we are going to cut cost 
to sustain the margin. 
 
So, as I said, we would be happy to report margins at around 33%, 
plus/minus 1%. But in the interim, while we try to find the growth 
lever, until and unless we find the healthy growth lever, there is no 
point of spending money. So that is what I'm saying. If we find the 
handle on churn, I think we will go whole hog aggressive on the 
gross addition as well and that will increase our cost a bit then. So, 
since we are not able to find handle on churn, we are also going slow 
on the gross. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Sachin: 
Thank you. Very clear. And my second question is actually on some 
of the points you said as answer to this question or to some of the 
earlier participants. In one of the statements, perhaps you said that 
until we fix these issues structurally. So just wanted to understand, 
what needs to be done from a management perspective to fix these 
issues structurally? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, one is the execution side, which is the people and process 
side. The other could be product expectation and product outcome 
side. What is it that will bring the buyers back again and again? 
What is it that will improve the word of mouth? What is it that will 
improve the enquiry to conversion for suppliers? What is it that will 
improve the fulfilment for buyers? And that is something on which 
we found the product market fit in FY '18 and then from then on, we 
have been doing minor, minor tweaks. 
 
There may be possibilities that while doing the minor, minor tweaks, 
there could be something that we missed probably. And one of the 
things that we realise is that we have been always working on 
increasing supplier responsiveness and which is so high today that 
it may be acting against the buyer's interest or against the supplier’s 
own interest in terms of his getting enquiry, but he's not getting 
conversion. 
 
And we have heard this by going to multiple suppliers that enquiries 
are there, but I think it is difficult to mature the enquiries. Buyers 
are also saying that the suppliers are there, but probably it is difficult 
to decide which supplier to settle with, so this is one of the things. 
And that structural finding is sometimes in front of your eyes, but 
you just keep struggling to find the right one. 
 
Sachin: 
That point I understand and thank you. And wish you all the best. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So now we'll take a question from the chat box. The question is from 
Mr. Dhiren Barvadiya. So how do you see exports-oriented 
suppliers and buyers for adding growth to business as China Plus 
One theme comes to fruition? What are our plans to capitalise on 
these trends? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you very much. So just for the context, IndiaMART was 
an export/import business to business marketplace, since 1999 until 
2009. And 80% of our focus used to be exports. Sometime during 
2007, '08, '09, we realised that India has become uncompetitive or 
less competitive in the world market as against China. 
 
And we would probably like to focus on the domestic market. It took 
us some time between 2009 and 2013, '14 to find the product-market 
fit for the domestic buyers and sellers. Ever since, we have not been 
focusing on the export market. Only in 2020, post the COVID 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
pandemic hit, we found that still there is nobody else who is serving 
the export market well. And so, we started with a small initiative 
called IndiaMART Verified Exporter programme. And that has 
done well. But do I see a TAM of hundreds of thousands of crores 
there? I still do not see such a large TAM. I mean if you really 
compare the growth in the export market, that still has been single-
digit CAGR over the last 10-odd years or 15-odd years. 
 
So, while there is an opportunity to build maybe Rs. 100 crores, Rs. 
200 crores, Rs. 300 crores business and out of that, maybe we are 
already doing Rs. 50 crores, Rs. 60 crores, Rs. 70 crores of business 
but will that become a Rs. 500 crores or Rs. 1,500 crores business? 
That is not something that we see immediately. 
 
So, I hope that answers your question that we now have an export 
offering ever since late 2020 or early 2021, and it is probably 
upwards of Rs. 50 crores and below Rs. 100 crores of revenue 
contribution to our business, but will it grow as rapidly as the 
domestic business, I'm not too sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 
Hi, Nikhil, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just want to understand the collection 
number a little better. So, collection growth for us was 5% Y-o-Y 
this time. And while you are attributing it to lower subscriber 
addition, even the total subscriber grew 4% Y-o-Y, right? 
 
So, subscriber is not the only reason, which impacted collection. 
Correct me if I'm wrong because at least what we can sense is that 
revenue per paying supplier must have gone down as well for 
collection to be at 5%. So, can you give colour what happened 
behind the scenes? And why, let's say, revenue per paying supplier 
has gone down at such a pace in between the two quarters? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. If you see the slide 31, so let's understand the difference 
in collection and revenue. So, if you see the revenue side, revenue 
is 4% growth in paying supplier and 14% growth in average revenue 
per supplier. Total revenue is 18% growth. So, there is no 
calculation difference. On the collection side, 4% growth in 
customer and only 1% growth in average collection per customer, 
which is resulting into 5%. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yes. So why there is decline in average collection per customer? 
Any reason for that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean as I said, we have been growing at about 15-odd percent 
in the past, despite the fact that the number of paying suppliers have 
been growing at 5-odd percent. In this particular quarter, we believe 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
that there could be execution challenges in the pockets. We do not 
know if this is something that we can say that the average collection 
per customer will continue to remain muted. We will see if we can 
recover that back in the current quarter or next quarter. If that is not 
the case, then we can assume that this is a structural problem. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Second thing, given the churn continue to remain elevated and 
since last many quarters, you have highlighted some of the 
initiatives you are taking. Any update, anything which has changed 
on ground, or we should assume this remains the case even in 
coming quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So coming quarter, I don't think you will see a significant 
change. Because the changes that we have done around two, three 
quarters, four quarters ago, they have not yet resulted into anything 
significant. 
 
So, I think newer initiatives that we are trying to take on reducing 
the buyer-seller side competition as well as maybe putting some 
additional checks on spending our time, money and energy in terms 
of acquiring the customers, which are the more vintage customers 
or more evolved set of customers, that will take another two quarters 
or so to say if there is any significant happening on that. Other than 
that, I do not have any other information to share with you. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. The last one is on unique business enquiry, 14% jump. I think 
first decent jump after many quarters. So, any colour what is leading 
to the uptick in Q2? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I would say that there has been some effect, if you would have 
noticed, we have started to collect enquiries also using WhatsApp 
on our mobile website. So that has given us maybe 1% or 2%. So, 
the conversion from the traffic to unique buyer, that has improved a 
little. We used to call the buyers whenever there was a half-intent or 
a dropped-intent buyer, that process also we have moved towards to 
WhatsApp and RCS. 
 
That has lower cost and higher ROI. So that has resulted into some 
of this. But this is too small a number to say because otherwise, if 
you really see, it used to be in the range of 25 million, 26 million 
and moved to 28 million. Whether it will remain 27 million or 28 
million, but I'm sure at least 1 million per quarter growth has come 
because of the WhatsApp-led implementation. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure, understood. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So, we have another question from the chat box. The question is 
from Mr. Jigar Shah. We are seeing Justdial being very aggressive 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
in customer acquisition. Also, we see more activity by TradeIndia, 
your initial competitor. Is competitive intensity hurting our growth? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: On the Justdial side, I think if you really see the number of 
customers declined during the COVID time and the recovery, I think 
they declined for a long period of time during both the COVID 
period, while we kind of remain more or less flattish during the 
entire COVID period. Only for the first quarter, we declined.  
So, I think they recovered that post COVID. While at IndiaMART, 
we moved from 1.5 lakh suppliers to almost 2 lakh suppliers 
quickly. And in the last five, six quarters, we are now stagnating. I 
would say they woke up a little late. Whether they will face the 
similar challenge that time will tell. But we're happy with whatever 
we have been doing and wish all the best to Justdial for their own 
endeavour. 
 
We haven't heard much about TradeIndia. TradeIndia remains our 
distantly respected competition, whether it is Exporters India or 
TradeIndia, but no significant change that we have observed from 
them. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kushagra from Old Bridge Capital. 
Hi, Kushagra, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Hi. Just two questions. Sorry to hub on the collections again. I'm just 
trying to understand your response in a better way. So, given that 
gold and platinum are 70% to 80% of the collections, so the lower 
growth in collections actually has to come from lower growth in 
collections from the same gold and platinum customers, right? 
 
So, I'm trying to understand one of the reasons, which you laid out 
was more of a one-off and you mentioned some lapses in the sales 
execution. So maybe if you can give some more light as to what 
those lapses were and what are you trying to do about it so that they 
don't happen again. Yes, that's my first question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, as I said, in terms of improvement of sales efficiency to 
improve the collections, on the shorter term, some of those things 
were, we were not able to fill in the vacancies, some of them are 
related to even the churn, movement that we are having from silver 
to gold to platinum. I think the gold side, the lower part of the gold, 
which we call the Trustseal customer, there, I think we are having 
certain set of challenges. 
 
I would still say that please wait for next quarter or so to be able to 
really say that what execution challenges have we been able to fix 
because this 5% growth rate that is coming, some of that could also 
be the regional decentralisation that we have been working on. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
We now have a regional structure, which is reporting to the central 
structure with each vertical of acquisition and customer support and 
the key client division, but none of that should have resulted into 
such a sharp drop. 5% growth coming from the customer and 10% 
growth coming from the collection; together they should have been 
anywhere plus/minus 15%. This 5% is definitely not acceptable, but 
we would only know if this is one-off because the number of months 
that we have had is only two months so far. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Sure, all right. Second question is on a different note, basically, you 
generally don't call out this metric, but do you sort of track your 
revenues or the money you're able to realise per unique business 
enquiry? Like if we do the rough math, basically, it shows that it has 
trended up. But given all these challenges, where do you think the 
money which you're able to realise per unique business enquiry is 
headed in the future? 
 
Like is there a threat how much you can monetise or how much you 
can make per unique business enquiry going forward for all the 
challenges, which you have laid out and which we have been facing 
in the last seven, eight quarters? Yes, that was my second question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, I think on the monetisation side, the day we decide that now 
we have to maximise the monetisation for every category, for every 
location, for every enquiry. Currently, we have been operating 
largely as a horizontal marketplace with flattish pricing across the 
category, across the location, across the quantities. 
 
The only thing that we have implemented in the last year and the 
half is all the newer sales in the platinum segment is being sold in 
two-tier pricing with the normal and premium, where the premium 
has been assigned to certain 2%, 3% of the categories and the top-
tier cities. I think there is enough room for a B2B marketplace or for 
a B2C marketplace once it comes to maximise the revenue per 
enquiry in different segments. 
 
So, if you really look at 1688 example, between 2005 and '15, their 
customer base grew from almost 100,000 to close to a million. And 
between '15 and '25, their ARPUs have grown considerably. But I 
don't think we at IndiaMART have reached that level of saturation 
that we need to optimise on every location, every category. I think 
we are still in a growth phase, and we will continue to do that. 
 
Just like in Google, if you look at the ad words, every category, you 
can do a bidding and do a demand-supply based matchmaking, 
whereas in the beginning on the Amazon, whenever a new category 
is introduced, is introduced at a flat pricing of 5% or so. But over 
the time, when the competition heats up, you try to maximise the 
return per category or sales per category. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
And then on top of that, you make revenue from advertisement. So, 
I don't think the monetisation is per unique business enquiry is a 
problem. I think the top of the mind recall and the Net Promoter 
Score of buyer and seller, that is the key metric for us in the midlife 
of IndiaMART. 
 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Got it, got it. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So, we have another question from the chat box. The question is 
from Mr. Amrish Kakkar. Can you share what is the current thinking 
on the strategic investments, either in terms of adding as a service 
or potential sales, specifically for existing integrated services like 
Livekeeping, can you provide some colour on what the plan is? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Prateek, do you want to answer that accounting as a segment? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yeah, Hi everyone. So, on the strategic investments, as we've stated 
that our core business proposition that was around the 
matchmakings and a little bit on the conversation side. And the 
business software enablement for the different SMEs becomes an 
integral part for the SME ecosystem. And in order to enhance the 
value proposition there, we've been trying to explore different, 
different software and invested in the different software. 
 
Accounting being one wherein we have a very high conviction, and 
we have taken huge bets on the accounting segment, one investment 
is Busy and the other investment has been Livekeeping. So, it's been 
roughly around 2.5 years that since we made these investments. And 
both of these investments are moving in the right direction.  
 
In the terms of Livekeeping specifically, when we acquired them, it 
was just a product that was just created. Over the years, we have 
worked on the scalability of the product. And now, it is being used 
by more than 10,000 plus customers in total. So, from zero to 10,000 
customers is what we've been able to achieve. However, we still 
think that in the larger scheme of things, it still continues to be small. 
As and when it kind of continues to grow well and becomes a little 
scalable, we would explore a lot more synergistic opportunities with 
the IndiaMART, which would become visible. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. Currently, for Vyapar, Busy and Livekeeping, all three of 
them, we are currently using IndiaMART as a channel for sales lead 
generation. I think it is in the near future that we would start to do a 
reverse as well whereas Busy customers or Livekeeping customers 
can generate leads for IndiaMART as well. 
 
On the Vyapar side, we have also integrated on the buyer side, where 
from within Vyapar, you can submit a buy lead or an RFQ to 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
IndiaMART for enquiry. Similarly, from Shopify, we have an app 
where you can submit an RFQ on IndiaMART. So, this gives a 
holistic view on Rs. 600 crores, Rs. 700 crores that we have invested 
in the accounting software side. 
 
On the minority investment side, Prateek can also give you some 
colour where we are, I think if you read the annual report that was 
released in the last quarter, that has a good section on that. But 
Prateek can elaborate strategy on that side. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
On the sectors other than the accounting, we still kind of continue 
to explore. Certainly, if you look at, we've invested in the logistic 
SaaS that we had the three investments there. Distribution 
management, Bizom is another one that's been kind of doing well, 
been progressing well. EasyEcom had been more about the e-com 
universe of the suppliers who want to do e-commerce, enabling their 
order management system, their warehouse management systems is 
what EasyEcom does. 
 
And M1xchange is the other one, which has been doing well on the 
invoice discounting side. So, these are again, if you see very, very 
different, different areas that we're trying to explore. As I said they 
continue to be small. As and when they grow bigger, we would see 
a much better synergies opportunity with them. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think four, five of them within last 2.5 years have raised 
multiple rounds of subsequent capital after raising money from 
IndiaMART as well. So, they continue to do well on that side as 
well. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Hi, Anmol, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Hi. So, a couple of things from my end. Firstly, you have talked 
about that you're not seeing much competition from Justdial or 
TradeIndia, Exporters India. So, is there any other channel which is 
from where we are seeing larger competition for example, B2B e-
commerce or Facebook per se? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, I don't think we have faced any bigger challenge or any 
bigger competition from any of the smaller Indian players that keep 
getting funded time-to-time. I'm sure each one of them are trying to 
solve very unique and very different problem for a specific industry 
or for a specific geography. And we continue to study them and see 
what we can learn from them, how we can partner with them. But as 
of now, we have not seen any particular customer who is mentioning 
that I left you because of XYZ competition. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
On your other question, whether Meta or Facebook or Instagram or 
WhatsApp, similarly, whether Amazon or Flipkart or Zepto or 
Blinkit and thirdly, Google. These three continue to remain the 
bigger daddy under which we try to find our own niche. So, they are 
always a competition to anybody and everybody, all these three 
people. And we continue to find a niche, the kind of problem that 
they are not willing to or able to solve. 
 
And B2B is one such thing that neither Amazon nor Google and nor 
Facebook as a company has solved in a longer period of time. And 
it is not only in India. Even worldwide, if you really see, very little 
they have been able to gain. So, I think they continue to be a threat 
and opportunity, whereas looking at their revenues, you can find that 
if their B2C revenue is so high, how can you do B2B. But if you 
really look at the other smaller ones, they're all trying to generate 
some business, but still there is nothing to worry about us as a 
competition. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. Secondly, if I have to break up our paid supplier additions 
between gross additions and churn in this quarter, then would you 
say that on quarter-on-quarter basis, you have seen some 
improvement in gross addition or churn has reduced from that 
perspective? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, from the gross side, as I said, almost like seven, eight 
quarters, we have remained at 90%, 95% of the gross addition and I 
have not pressed the pedal, specifically, to meet short-term net 
customer requirement. My thing has been that try to improve the 
churn first before we go to 120% of our best ever gross addition. So, 
as I said last time also, we continue to remain at 90%, 95% of our 
gross addition. Whatever deterioration or improvement that you're 
seeing, it is purely because of churn. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. And as you have indicated that churn is more or less the same 
as the last couple of quarters, so from that perspective, for now, 
should we assume that the gross supplier additions would remain in 
the 2,000 odd range in terms of the additions on quarter-on-quarter 
basis? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Net supplier addition, yes. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Net supplier addition. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. Currently, it doesn't look like we have broken out of that 
2,000 to 3,000 range bound figure. If you really look at the last five, 
six quarters, it has remained range bound between 2,000 to 3,000. I 
would love to go past 5,000, but we have not been able to. And until 
and unless we go past 5,000 on a consistent basis, we will not be 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
unnecessarily putting a lot of money in acquiring new customers to 
increase our gross addition. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. And one last thing from my end. So, if you can talk about 
ratio of enquiry to conversion for a supplier, then how has it changed 
over last few quarters? And just wanted to understand here the 
quality of enquiries that we are having right now. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: That varies significantly from customer-to-customer, industry-
to-industry, location-to-location. Certain customers with very large 
order value, like large machines and large projects are happier with 
1% or 2% conversion and certain customers, which are able to do 
even 20% conversion. So, I think that varies significantly across 
different industries and geographies. 
 
I think the NPS that we measure, buyer fulfilment rates that we 
measure has remained at 40%, 45% of the buyers who respond back 
to our feedback. That is something as an indicator that it has 
plateaued over the last two, three years. It used to be 25-30% odd 
percent pre-COVID. It moved to 40 odd percent post-COVID and 
now trending at 45%. But in the last three years, it has not really 
made further improvement. And also, people's expectation might 
have changed. So, we can clearly say that the importance of 
conversion is very subjective to each industry and each particular 
customer. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, understood. Thanks for taking my questions. That's it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
closing comments. Over to you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our Q2 
FY'25 conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the 
time available. But if you still have any questions, please feel free 
to contact us with our Investor Relations team, and we will try our 
level best to give you answers of whatever we could not answer 
today. Thank you. Have a nice weekend and happy Diwali to all of 
you. 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude this 
webinar. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
